President Barack Obama says he is `` absolutely committed '' to making sure Israel maintains a military edge over Iran .  His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .  Obama says even if Iran ca n't be trusted , there 's still a case to be made for the deal .
The American Pharmacists Association voted to adopt a ban as an official policy .  The group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection .  Pentobarbital is the preferred drug used for lethal injection .
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba .  He is accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in India .  He still faces trial in the case , but an anti-terrorism court granted him bail last year .
Iranians wave flags from their sunroofs , blast music from stereos and chatted online with # IranTalks .  `` I still believe I 'll have a hard time finding a job that pays well , with or without this deal , '' a 20-year-old student says .  Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif -- who led the Iranian negotiating team -- received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in Iran
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges .  He 's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd , a 27-year-old semi-pro football player for the Boston Bandits .  Two other murder charges have been filed against Hernandez in a separate case in Boston .  Authorities say Hernandez 's former right hand man , Alexander Bradley , is not facing any charges in that
Netflix has ordered a reunion special and spinoff series .  `` Fuller House '' will feature Candace Cameron Bure , who played D.J. . Tanner in the original series .  The show will be available next year .
Police say a man and a woman have been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel .  They are suspected of planning a Boston-style attack , a German terrorism researcher says .  The suspected target was a bike race planned for Friday , according to Florian Flade , a terrorism researcher .  He says the couple of Turkish descent , Halil and Senay D . , had ties to radical
In a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in Haiti in 2010 , a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on Earth today .  The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9 , which would actually make it about 40 % larger than the 7.8 currently being reported .  It 's quite possible the number of dead in Kathmandu could rise to match it .  In
Martin O ` Malley told reporters in Iowa that inevitability is not unbreakable .  `` I ` ve seen it before , '' the former governor of Maryland said .  Clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to Barack Obama .
Frida Ghitis : Obama and Castro meeting should not be the end of the summit story .  She says the U.S. . has been losing ground in this increasingly important region .  She says large diplomatic gatherings are minutely orchestrated events , and the U.S. . knows the importance of dotting the I 's .  She says recent summits have descended into diplomatic and PR disasters for the U.S. .
Mercury is the planet closest to the sun in our solar system .  If you flunked the test , it might be because Mercury -LRB- the planet -RRB- suffers from bad -LRB- or very little -RRB- press .  MESSENGER is about to crash on Mercury on April 30 .  It 's running out of fuel and NASA says it will hit the planet 's surface at 8,750 mph -LRB- 3.91
On Tuesday , Christie 's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song 's lyrics for $ 1.2 million .  Bob Greene : Don McLean 's `` American Pie '' is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad .  He says it 's a cosmic dream , like Jack Kerouac 's novel `` On the Road ''
Nearly 60 % of the people in America 's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time .  Writers : Tackling this growing trend is complex , but Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules .  Writers : Hourly low-income workers endure significantly greater fluctuations in their hours and less predictability in how much they earn than full-time employees .  Writers : Women and workers of color
`` Furious 7 '' filmmakers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high .  They open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out .  `` We have to be very precise in our headings and our altitudes , '' stunt coordinator Jack Gill says .  Lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary B-52 bomber and the famous
Bob Greene was a copygirl at the Chicago Daily News , her second assigned to the city desk .  70 years ago , on Thursday , April 12,1945 , the city editor and assistant city editor felt comfortable leaving their desks .  Greene : It 's been 70 years since the Daily News was limited in the hours it could publish ; only an hour or so remained for EXTRAs
Tag your favorite unscripted , unedited , un-perfected moments using # MeForReal .  The Internet is always quick to dish out judgmental opinions .  P ! nk responded by posting a photo of herself in a black dress to a cancer benefit .
The pupils at the Ibnu-Siina school in northern Kenya are getting a so-called `` Western '' education .  But Al-Shabaab -- the Somali-based terror group -- is trying to prevent the children from obtaining it .  `` They want to make sure they terrify the teachers so they go to their homes , '' headmaster James Ndonye says .  Last year in Garissa , the head of the school lost
University of Nairobi students fear being targeted by Al-Shabaab terrorists .  They heard explosions caused by a faulty electrical cable .  One person died , the school says .  Kenya Power authorities and its CEO are at the school and looking into the electrical issue .  Normal power supply will resume after repairs , the university says .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon bombings .  The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week .  Marathon Monday is my favorite day of the year , `` Boston resident says .
A volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a Taser , killing a man .  Robert Bates , 73 , is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Tulsa , Oklahoma .  `` I shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed , '' Bates says in a statement to investigators .  `` Both the gun and the Taser have a laser sight , and he just made
Robert Bates is the Tulsa County , Oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in Eric Harris ` death .  He says he had the documentation to show he had completed the training required of reserve deputies .  A Tulsa World newspaper says it 's possible some training requirements may have been waived .  The Tulsa World says it has been told by multiple sources that Bates `
Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya .  The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group 's activities .  The group is driven by the same radical interpretation of the Koran as al-Qaeda and ISIS .  It is not clear whether it will switch allegiances to ISIS , which is a long-time ally of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian
Nominees for the 69th Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning .  Mary-Louise Parker , Bruce Willis , Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming will host the ceremony .  Bruce Willis will make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play `` Misery ''
Rabbis Mendel Epstein , 69 ; Jay Goldstein , 60 ; and Binyamin Stimler , 39 , were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping .  `` I do n't think this was a traditional kidnapping , '' says the lawyer for Goldstein 's lawyer .  `` Of course we ` re going to take all the steps to correct this injustice , '' a lawyer says
Ines Dumig 's photo series `` Apart Together '' follows a Somali refugee in search of asylum .  Sahra , a 14-year-old Somali refugee , left her home at 14 and never gave up .  The photographer 's work is a far-reaching story about people from all backgrounds .  `` Sometimes we feel strong , sometimes we feel lost -- that 's kind of universal , I think , ''
`` I said ` I can help you make this fight happen , ' '' says Gabriel Salvador , an actor who has appeared in `` Bones '' and `` Blue Bloods ''  `` Mr . Moonves said to me , ` If this fight happens , you ' re going to be sitting there , '' says Salvador .  `` For him giving Les my phone number I do
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people during a six-month anti-drug campaign .  Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes and 606,000 cases of drug use .  The figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier .
On May 28,2014,55 people were found guilty of offenses linked to violent attacks in Xinjiang .  Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide .  In Pakistan , the government lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians in the wake of the Taliban attack on a school in Peshawar .  Iran and Iraq executed people for `` terrorism , '' and other countries expanded the
In the UK burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people , says Roy Ramm .  He never met a Raffles-or a Thomas Crown-style criminal from a middle-class background who turned to the hard side of crime .  Ramm : Sophisticated heists are generally not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins .  He says the biggest difference any heist you 'll see in a
`` Short of him being Houdini or David Copperfield , it 's not possible , '' White 's family attorney says .  Witness : `` They just kept punching him and the dog kept biting him at the same time ''  `` He was on the floor , like he was knocked out , '' a witness says of Freddie Gray .  Police in New Iberia , Louisiana , say
The moon slipped fully into Earth 's shadow at 4 : 58 a . m . Pacific Time .  It is the third blood moon in a series of four in a row .
Authorities do n't explain what may have made it a hate crime .  The suspect , Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , was let go in March due to poor attendance .  He was found sleeping on a beach about 550 miles from Goldsboro , North Carolina .
A mom is furious at her son for apparently taking part in the Baltimore riots .  She is seen pulling her son away from a crowd and smacking him in the head .  WMAR : `` I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight ''
Danny Cevallos : Aaron Hernandez , convicted of murdering Odin Lloyd , made none of those excuses .  He says he walked into court with an air of bravado , did n't look ashamed or remorseful .  He says it 's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for both Lloyd and Hernandez .  He says the jury decided to convict Hernandez of first-degree murder
A new CNN / ORC poll finds 57 % feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples .  That 's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall , which found just 49 % thought businesses ought to be required .  Most Democrats -LRB- 70 % -RRB- and independents -LRB- 60 % -RRB- say wedding-related .  required to provide
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered in the streets of Damasak , Nigeria .  The town had recently been freed from the Islamist group Boko Haram .  The victims included men , women and children murdered when they seized the area in November .  `` The staggering number of dead bodies found ... is a testimony of the large-scale atrocity ''
Obergefell v . Hodges is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century .  Roberts has a solid conservative record and would seem an unlikely vote to support a constitutional right to same-sex marriage .  But both sides see the case as a legacy-making moment for the 60-year-old chief justice .  `` Will the chief surely know that his job is to be on the right side
Jackson Gordon , 21 , is an industrial design student at Philadelphia University .  He has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife .  Gordon has an alter ego : the Dark Knight himself , Batman .  The Batsuit had to be strong -- tough enough to withstand the stab or slash of a knife , the impact
Arthur Baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in Southeast Washington .  He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended .  He is assigned to the Foreign Missions Branch of the Secret Service .
ISIS claims it controlled part of Iraq 's largest oil refinery .  The group posted images online purported to show the storming of the facility .  The refinery is just 25 miles from the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit .
Julian Zelizer : Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election .  He says she has extensive political and policy experience , a combination of skills often lacking .  He says Clinton does n't want to end up like Vice President Al Gore in 2000 ; he did n't generate much energy once the campaign started .  Clinton must avoid following Gore 's path , he
`` Furious 7 '' is expected to gross $ 115 million or more at the North American box office this weekend .  It is getting the widest release in Universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 -LRB- including Imax locations -RRB- .  Overseas , the movie is poised to do massive business , putting its global debut north of $ 250 million .  If it beats ``
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart .  He considered the possibility he may never play basketball again .  Green missed the entire 2011-2012 season .
The world 's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse , says John Defterios .  The ocean feeds us , employs us , offers protection and plays a direct role in the lives and livelihoods of people .  By 2050 , it is possible that the ocean could lose its coral reefs , which have already been halved in the last few decades .  By the end of the century ,
Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns , including # PeaceMarch and # SayNoToXenophobia .  Attacks this week in Durban alone have killed two immigrants and three South Africans , including a 14-year-old boy .  Tim Flack , who lives in Cape Town , has brought allegations of hate speech and human rights violations against Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini .  `` The activists sit around feeling accomplished because they
The hashtag # KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter in recent days .  It 's a trend that predates the Kardashians , but they gave us a lot of it : the sideboob .  The `` belfie '' is a term reportedly coined by Kim Karda Shian .
`` Avengers : Age of Ultron '' picks up where last year 's `` Captain America : Winter Soldier '' left off .  Writer-director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle .  At least two of the big action scenes are lackluster , while the climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex , less rote ways .  The pent-up excitement among the
Jeremy Renner appeared on `` The Tonight Show ''  He sang Ed Sheeran 's `` Thinking Out Loud ''
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes ` statue come down .  The hashtag # RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue .  `` This is n't confronting history , this is erasing it , '' says Steve Hofmeyr , a singer .
Two of the teens , 18 and 19 , have been released `` pending further inquiries , '' police say .  Prime Minister Tony Abbott : The suspects planned to attack during a major commemoration .  The suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day .
Ahmed Farouq , an American , died in a U.S. . airstrike in January .  He was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent .
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa , a U.S. . territory since 1900 .  The U.S. . Constitution says that all Americans born in U.S. . are citizens of the United States .  Frida Ghitis : How can it be , in the 21st century , that Americans born on U.S. . soil are denied citizenship ?  She says U.S. . has always adhered to the rule that U.S.
CDC : `` It seems like women are trying to catch up to the men in binge drinking ''  8 percent of Americans were considered heavy drinkers and 18 percent were binge drinkers in 2012 .  `` It 's really , really scary , '' says lead author Ali Mokdad , lead author of the study .  About 88,600 U.S. . deaths were attributed to alcohol in 2010 , according
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week .  She is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents .
LZ Granderson : A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man .  He says a police chief supports the officer , who is ultimately exonerated .  He says there is no plausible evidence that Slager feared his life when Scott is seen running away .  LZ : In Ferguson , the video we have in the death of Michael
`` Success Kid '' is likely the Internet 's most famous baby .  His dad , Justin , needs a kidney transplant .  A GoFundMe campaign has topped its goal .
Shibuya ward , one of Tokyo 's most famous shopping and trendy districts , passes ordinance paving the way for `` partnership certificates '' for same-sex couples .  Same-sex partners who are registered with the district 's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals .  `` It is not a marriage license and advantages will be limited but still better than nothing , '' Gon Matsunaka
Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk .  The 34-year-old supermodel has said she wants to spend more time with her family .
In 1996 , Ivan Šprajc and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico .  The city of Lagunita was built circa 700 AD and mysteriously abandoned four centuries later .  `` If it had been easy , then other people would have done it already , '' he says .  The area in which he has found such riches has gone unexplored
Iraqi security forces regain full control of the Baiji refinery .  A week ago , ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility .  Iraq is working to fortify the facility 's defenses .
A new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in Copenhagen .  The area in question -- aptly named Carlsberg City -- has been home to the famous Carlsberg brewery since 1847 .  But the brewery has moved on and the future is moving in .  The area will be some 600,000 square meters -LRB- 6.4 million sq ft -RRB- of residential , business ,
`` Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming , '' Yemeni rebel leader says .  `` We do not want to hear any voices and cries , '' he says .  Saudi-led coalition has launched 2,300 airstrikes , Asiri says .
`` After Don Bradman , there has been no Australian player more famous than Richie Benaud , '' Cricket Australia says .  Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985 .  `` From our broadcasting box you ca n't see any grass at all . It is simply a carpet of humanity , '' says Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott .  He was the first cricketer
John Helinski , 62 , was homeless for three years .  He had no Social Security card and a birth certificate .  Tampa police officer and a case worker pitched in to help him .
Photographer Fabien Le Coq 's photo series `` Treesome '' captures his unique way of interacting with the world .  The series , shot between 2012 and 2014 , reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia .  Branches take on their own patterns in the sky , creating a symmetry that is both interesting and comforting .
India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake .  With each hour , the scale of the devastation in Nepal became clearer .  India delivered 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of water , 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine .  India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal .
`` This crime has rightly caused outrage , '' says Nigeria 's President-elect , Muhammadu Buhari .  The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15 , 2014 , in the town of Chibok .  Boko Haram militants stormed a government school in northeastern Nigeria .  They forced the girls from their dormitories , loaded them into trucks and drove them into the forest .  Those who did not
The CDC has yet to determine what 's causing the illness on the Celebrity Infinity .  Of the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms .  Celebrity Cruises is taking action since the outbreak began .
11 channels associated with French-language network TV5Monde went black .  An `` extremely powerful cyberattack , '' the network 's director says .  The outage began around 10 p . m . Paris time -LRB- 4 p . m . ET -RRB- .
Lois Lilienstein was co-star of `` Sharon , Lois & Bram 's Elephant Show ''  She died Wednesday from a rare form of cancer .
`` Fit Nation '' triathlete Annastasia W . has been juggling training life with a full-time job , hectic commute and time with friends and family .  W.W. . was not very diligent in getting all of her training done .  A few weeks later , W.W. . traveled to Little Rock , Arkansas , to run a marathon .  W.W. . 's swim angels , Lovie Twine and Eanista
`` When we create embryos for the purpose of life , should we not define them as life , rather than as property ? , '' Nick Loeb says in an op-ed .  `` A woman is entitled to bring a pregnancy to term even if the man objects , '' he says .  `` I want to keep this private , but recently the story broke to the world
Lauren Bacall , who died in August 2014 at the age of 89 , first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , `` To Have And Have Not ''  The 750-piece collection , which fetched a total of $ 3.64 million , was sold at Bonhams auction house in New York .  Among the 50 items highlighted in the auction preview were six bronze maquettes by
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the fast food chain 's offer to pay for their July affair .  The couple met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin , Illinois .
CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims filed with the TSA from 2010 to 2014 shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables .  In 2013 , El Al Airlines set up a hidden camera in a baggage hold .  Six of those arrested pleaded guilty to possession of stolen property or petty larceny .  In Miami , police have arrested 31 baggage handlers and ramp workers since 2012 , including six
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , side salads , rolls and shrimp cocktails .  That 's more than 13 pounds of steak , not counting the sides .  The Nebraska native , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit .  `` This is a first for us , and after 55 years of it , it 's a big deal , ''
LZ Granderson : A video shows a white police officer killing an apparently unarmed black man .  He says it raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place .  We do n't know when and where police killings take place , or whether they cluster in particular cities or states .  LZ : It 's not supposed to be a mystery ; it 's never been
Freddie Gray was arrested Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident .  Less than an hour after he was detained , officers transporting him called for a medic .  He subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest .  `` We want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist , '' police commissioner says .
Gaioz Nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament .  Officials discovered he was darting to the bathroom to consult his smartphone .  The Georgian grandmaster 's smartphone was logged onto a chess analysis app .
Frida Ghitis : The idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is far too powerful for its own good .  She says it 's a juggernaut , with the world economy doubling in size every generation .  Greed also leads to fraud , mega-tax evasion , pervasive bribery , modern slavery , rising inequalities , and environmental destruction .  Greed rules the moral order at the top of raw
Sandra Bullock is the world 's most beautiful woman .  She joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor .  `` The people I find most beautiful are the ones who are n't trying , '' she says .
The recall is voluntary .  No illnesses have been reported .  Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections .
Frida Ghitis : U.S. . drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage by U.S. . drones .  She says the case of The Washington Post 's Tehran bureau chief is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages .  She says Iran 's hostage-taking may pale in comparison with Iranian behavior of decades past .  She says use of hostages to extract concessions or dampen enthusiasm around reconciliation .
Frida Ghitis : The U.S. . leads the world in incarceration , not education .  She says the U.S. . has shown a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself .  We ` re home to 25 % of the world 's prison population , and nearly three fourths are nonviolent offenders .  We are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens , she says .  We also burden
Marion `` Suge '' Knight pleads not guilty to murder , all other charges related to a hit-and-run incident .  The former rap mogul faces up to life in prison if convicted .  Knight is accused of running over Cle `` Bone '' Sloan , who was maimed in the incident .  In court testimony , Sloan declined to identify Knight as his attacker because he does n't want to
NEW : Up to 200 people are feared missing as a result of a landslide , a trekking association official says .  More than 4,600 people are dead , more than 9,000 injured and 1 million children are in need of help .  `` We never imagined this would happen to us . This much pain , '' says one man who lost his family in the quake .  ``
David Rothkopf : As Boston Marathon runners finish , there 's no one right way to mark the anniversary .  He says we thought we knew what was going on , but we were too much in the midst of our own situational awareness , the fog of war .  He says Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's sentencing phase will begin Tuesday , deciding whether he will receive the death penalty .
A new study suggests that the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genus .  O.C. . Marsh first named the dinosaur in 1879 .  The study took five years and included visits to 20 museums in Europe and the U.S. .  `` We ` re definitely going to have to change the label , '' a paleontologist says .
`` The police are not above the law , and must not be treated like they are , '' Amnesty International says .  20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers were shot in southeastern India .  The incident took place early Tuesday in India 's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state .
Frida Ghitis : Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize current actions in Iraq .  She says U.S. . was sloppy in relying on private security firms like Blackwater .  U.S. . turned a blind eye to the way its own troops were treating Iraqis , she says .  She says ISIS is reaping the benefits of good governance in pursuit of a solution to the unrest
E ! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner 's transition from male to female .  The as yet not titled eight-part , one-hour series is set to premiere July 26 .  Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender .  `` This series will present an unfiltered look as Bruce boldly steps into uncharted territory , '' E ! 's Jeff Olde says .
Pope Francis tells the world of the Vatican 's status as a state and his role as a moral diplomat .  The Pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines .  He asks that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need .
Carlos Colina , 32 , will be arraigned April 14 for murder , authorities say .  Colina is accused of aggravated battery and improper disposal of a body .  The remains were found in a duffel bag in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Fatu Kekula was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck .  A CNN story prompted donations from around the world to IAM , an organization that raises money to help African natives pay for education .  `` These things that I have learned here I am going to take back to my fellow nurses , '' she says .
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s .  `` The more you look at them , the more you are discovering , '' he said .
A girl with cystic fibrosis and a boy with CF fell in love on Facebook .  `` If you ever need a friend to talk to , you can reach out to me , '' Katie Donovan wrote .  `` I ` m usually not that kind of girl , but it just felt so right , '' she says .  `` When you have those feelings , you just
Dzhokhar `` Jahar '' Tsarnaev 's defense is seeking to spare him from a death sentence .  Tamerlan Tsarnav was convicted April 8 on all 30 counts , including 17 that carry a possible death penalty .  `` Every time we tried hands-on , he resisted that type of treatment , '' a paramedic says .  The defense 's transition from one brother to the other begins in the ambulances
Vidarbha , in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis .  Some 2,900 farmers from the area have taken their lives since 2013 .  A record surplus of cotton in the global market pushed down prices hurting farmers .  `` I ` m getting around 50 dollars per quintal . Just a year ago it was 100 dollars .
`` Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat , sometimes even at gunpoint , '' Malta 's Prime Minister says .  A Bangladeshi migrant tells investigators there were 950 people on board the shipwreck .  The migrant says many on lower levels of the boat were trapped inside because smugglers had locked the doors .  The ship 's leader says the international community `` cannot continue to turn
California is a breadbasket to the nation , growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts .  In 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the California drought .  Fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5 % and 3.5 % , U.S. . economist Annemarie Kuhns says .  Whether the drought will affect
Two Atlanta Hawks were arrested on obstruction and other charges , police say .  A review of the video footage seems to reveal the incident did not originate from the venue or its immediate surroundings , `` police say .  The Indiana Pacers ` Chris Copeland was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York club early Wednesday .  He and a female companion , Katrine Saltara , were in the
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray got into shoving matches with helmeted cops .  Vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-Eleven , police said .  `` My family wants to say , ` Can y ' all please , please stop the violence ? Freddie Gray would not want this . ` Freddie 's father and mother do not want any violence . Violence does
Ban on women attending men 's sports events will be lifted in the next year , Iranian official says .  Iran imposed the ban after the revolution , deeming mixed crowds watching games together was un-Islamic .  Iranian women were briefly permitted to attend volleyball matches under Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .  FIFA President Sepp Blatter called on Iran to end its `` intolerable '' ban on soccer matches .  Iran had
Jamal al-Labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the U.S. .  The gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home Hayward , California .  `` People were hoping things would get better , but they only got worse and worse , '' his cousin says .  Al-labani , 45 , was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar
A professor at Texas A & M Galveston tells CNN affiliate KPRC that he 'd fail the entire class .  Irwin Horwitz says he has reached a breaking point .  He says the students are a disgrace and he 'll fail the whole class .  A senior says he 's worried about the job he has lined up after graduation .  University officials say the department head will take over
On April 17,1975 , the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge regime .  About 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint .  `` It 's Not A Dream '' has reunited members of 54 families shattered by the genocide .
The U.S. . military is n't the only contingent of Western forces in the region .  Hundreds of foreigners , including Americans , have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS .  The Peshmerga , the military wing of the Kurdish Regional Government -LRB- KRG -RRB- , has said they do n't want or need foreign fighters .  Some organizations have set up recruitment drives online , with applications for
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought the Nazis in World War II .  Now 87 , he is a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army .  `` -LSB- The Nazis -RSB- would have erased us from the Earth , '' he says of the horrors of war .  `` As much as it 's not quiet here , it is the quietest
Documents show Robert Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period .  He had three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times to use a handgun .  `` I shot him ! I ` m sorry ! '' Bates is heard saying on video of the incident .  The lawyer for the family of the man who was killed says Bates was n't qualified to be on the
`` Fingers crossed , and we 'll hope to get there during the course of the day , '' British foreign secretary says .  U.S. . official tweets that `` some serious issues remain unresolved ''  U.S. . official : `` It is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all ''  Iran 's foreign minister : `` I ` ve always said that an
The new `` Fantastic Four '' movie is due out August 7 .  The movie promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters .  Fans on Twitter had mixed reactions .
`` He wanted me to tell people most that he does n't want violence in his name , '' Stephen Patrick Beatty says .  `` He said he 's physically OK , not injured . He 's safe in there , '' his lawyer says .  `` He went out there to try to settle things down , '' the lawyer says .  Kent , then 21 , walked in
Kanye West has settled a civil suit with a paparazzi photographer .  The hip-hop star attacked and tried to wrestle his camera from him in July 2013 .  West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery .
Varvara , which is Russian for `` Barbara , '' swam nearly 14,000 miles -LRB- 22,500 kilometers -RRB- .  She left her primary feeding ground off Russia 's Sakhalin Island .  She visited `` three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales ''
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has issued his call to `` Make in India , '' encouraging companies all over the world to manufacture their products in India .  While Modi 's India is out to put its economy on the fast track , China 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of growth .  It 's been predicted that India could outpace China as the world 's fastest
`` The way America changed after 9 / 11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa , '' Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto says in Nyeri .  The U.N. . refugee agency has not received a formal request from Kenya 's government about moving Dadaab .  It 's not clear where he expects the refugees to go , other than somewhere into Somalia and out of Kenya .  Al-Shabaab
Donna Brazile : Hillary Clinton should announce that she 'll take a 23 % pay cut if elected president .  She says it 's the perfect opportunity for Clinton to put her money where her mouth is .  Clinton is trying to portray herself as a woman of the people , a populist fighter for the middle class .  She says she 's not the first rich person to run
U.S. . Secretary of State John Kerry urges China to release five young feminists .  They face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality .
David Letterman 's final month of broadcasts will air May 20 .  George Clooney , Scarlett Johansson , Howard Stern , Tina Fey , Ray Romano .  Stephen Colbert will take over the `` Late Show '' on September 8 .
With the help of the Royal Institute of British Architects -LRB- RIBA -RRB- , Tristan da Cunha is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable .  The island is only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through a small port in its only town , Edinburgh of the Seven Seas .  The island 's main industry is lobster fishing , with exports reaching as far afield
`` Star Trek '' actor George Takei , who spent time in one of the camps , thanked people for working to stop the sale .  `` There is an essential discussion to be had about the sale of historical items , '' the auction house says .  The items were made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps .  Two-thirds of the people who were ordered there
LZ Granderson : Looting , fires and violence descended on Baltimore last weekend .  He says police were blamed both for doing too little and for do too much .  If there are criminally guilty cops , police have no problem with justice , but those who caused destruction had little , if anything , to do with Freddie Gray protests .  He says if all of America had homicide
Malala Yousafzai releases an `` open letter '' to nearly 300 schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram .  `` Like you , I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school , '' she writes in the letter .  The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban , which had singled her out for blogging from Pakistan .  In the letter
`` This is indeed a sad day for Wayne Community College , '' school president says .  All buildings have been cleared , police say .  Suspected gunman identified as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III .
Tulsa police Sgt . Jim Clark : Tulsa deputy `` inadvertently '' shot Eric Courtney Harris after he ran from authorities .  He says Bates ` actions were due to a phenomenon known as `` slip and capture ''  Clark : `` Your intended behavior slips off the path that you want it to go ''
`` As soon as we saw people running , we were running ourselves to save our lives , '' German climber Jost Kobusch says .  Helicopters brought stranded climbers off the mountain amid growing concern for the groups stuck around 20,000 feet -LRB- 6,100 meters -RRB- high .  Climbers who were higher up Everest appeared to have avoided the deadly avalanche that struck Base Camp .  But many -- estimated
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake near Nepal 's capital , Kathmandu , struck less than 48 hours ago .  The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs , inexorably .  Many rural areas , just as badly affected but isolated and vulnerable , have yet to be evaluated , the human cost is staggering .  Authorities say there is a chance that survivors may have been protected in a protected area
Alice Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar .  There were motion pictures made of Barker , but she had never seen any of them .  Some filmmakers put together a video of early music videos .
A study by We the People found that 80 % of women in Mumbai had been street harassed .  Many people , including women , only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching , groping and stalking .  U.N. . Women 's report : 1 in 3 women around the world face some form of violence at least once in their lifetime .
Illinois State University associate men 's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director died .  The plane was returning from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis .  `` The ISU community is reeling from the loss , '' a university spokesman says .
Photographer Laurence Rasti flew from her home in Geneva , to Denizli to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran .  `` I could n't understand that in Iran -LRB- homosexuality -RRB- is n't accepted , '' she said by phone from Geneva .  `` A lot of my friends are gay . And for me it was a huge cultural difference between Europe and Iran ''  She hopes
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls via C-section .  The parents are now a family of eight .  The babies are named Ava Lane , Hazel Grace , Olivia Marie , Parker Kate and Riley Paige .
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev .  Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing .  Tsarnae V 's lawyers say he was influenced and enlisted by his older , self-radicalized brother .  Her older sister , Bella , was arrested in June 2012 for allegedly shoplifting $ 1,600 worth of women 's clothing .  She is wanted on felony charges of
Dean Obeidallah : Mehmet Oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore .  He says he 's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital .  He says if he was ever going to go down , surely his ship would ` ve sunk in the wake of a Senate subcommittee testimony .  He says Oz and his producers responded with alacrity ,
Felix , a 2-year-old pet cat , went missing on a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York City .  The couple spent $ 1,200 to ship Felix on the 14-hour flight .  Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat .  `` For them to take a cat and ship him like he was
`` I forgive the hands of the people that had a hand in my son 's murder , '' Lloyd 's mother says .  `` As difficult as it is for people in the end , forgiveness is what it 's about , '' DA says .  `` They got it wrong , '' Hernandez says as he is being transported to state prison .  `` I do n't know
A new study has found that acetaminophen reduces pain and pleasure .  The drug is the main ingredient in Tylenol , most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines .  Authors of the study say it also blunted joy .
North Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding a cargo ship .  The ship , the Mu Du Bong , was detained after it ran aground in July .  Mexico says it followed proper protocol because it has skirted U.N. . sanctions .
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing .  `` Patriots ` Day '' is being produced by CBS Films .
Debra Lobo , a 55-year-old California native , was shot in the right cheek and left arm .  Police found pamphlets that assailants threw into Lobo 's car saying `` America should be burnt ''
Mark Ronson 's `` Uptown Funk ! , '' featuring Bruno Mars , is the longest Hot 100 of the 2010s .  It 's just the 10th single in the Hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No . 1 .  It passes Robin Thicke 's ` Blurred Lines , ' featuring T.I. . and Pharrell , to take sole possession of the chart 's
Julian Zelizer : It 's a few weeks since the first presidential announcement that the campaign is in high gear .  He says most of the candidates -- and some probable candidates-are already starting to make mistakes .  Christie called for cuts to Social Security and marijuana legalization , he says .  He says if Christie continues to veer right it will be harder to sell himself as the moderate
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , we are still experiencing its effects on the Gulf of Mexico seafood industry .  David Frum : It 's unclear where all of the oil went , how much remains remains or whether it 's a signal that the crisis is truly abating .  He says research shows crabs are turning some genes on or off in response to oil and
James Best played bumbling sheriff Rosco P . Coltrane on TV 's `` The Dukes of Hazzard ''  Best 's character chased moonshine-running Duke boys across the back roads of fictitious Georgia .  `` I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year , '' co-star John Schneider says .  `` Jimmy Best was the most constantly creative person I have
This week , social media heralded Toya Graham , the Baltimore single mom who pulled her son away from a riot .  Roxanne Jones : Many called Graham a hero : a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence .  She says she 's just like millions of other mothers of adolescents who will do whatever it takes to protect their children .  She says Graham 's actions are
Every week in Nima , a slum in the Ghanaian capital of Accra , young girls are taught how to code at a mosque .  Regina Agyare , founder of Soronko Solutions , visited the girls in January 2014 .  She has set up a coding club and started a mentor scheme as part of `` Tech Needs Girls ''  The group provides girls with education through extracurricular classes in
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others .  He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .  Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27 .
`` I truly regret and am sorry for the hurt these events have caused , '' Finn tells CNN affiliate KCTV .  Finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse in Kansas City-St . Joseph .  He was put on two years ` probation but not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine .  Prosecutor : If an allegation of child abuse
Jared Leto 's portrayal of the Joker is an internet sensation .  Twitter users got their first look at him Friday night .  `` Suicide Squad '' is set for release August 5,2016 .
Two African-American candidates win their wards to make the six-member City Council 50 % black .  Ella Jones becomes the first black woman ever to sit on the Ferguson Council .  `` My job is to be that catalyst so we can put a new face on Ferguson , '' Ella Jones says .  `` I ` m more interested in having quality on the council , '' says former
An Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan 's Hiroshima Airport .  Twenty-three people had minor injuries .  Authorities are investigating reports that the Airbus A320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing .
Ben Powers played Thelma 's husband on the final season of `` Good Times ''  Powers died April 6 in New Bedford , Mass . , his family announced .  He also had a regular role as `` Moochie '' on the CBS detective drama show , Mickey Spillane 's Mike Hammer .  Powers also guest-starred on shows such as `` Gimme a Break , '' `` Flamingo Road ''
Pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto a Beijing-backed Hong Kong election proposal .  If approved , the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 .  Hong Kong 's leaders argue its latest proposal fulfills the long-awaited promise of universal suffrage .  `` If it is a genuine election , people should be free to stand , '' says Hong Kong Democratic
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a `` purge '' led by large groups of high school students .  The term appears to be a reference to 2013 's `` The Purge , '' about a dystopian future America .  In the movies , people barricade themselves in their homes at night while gangs of violent `` purgers '' roam the streets .
Kim Richards is accused of trespassing , resisting arrest and public intoxication .  Richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges .  `` Real Housewives of Beverly Hills '' cast member 's mother dies .
ESPN 's Britt McHenry berating and belittling an employee of a tow company this week .  Dean Obeidallah : It 's cringe-worthy stuff that seems difficult , if not impossible , to defend .  He says it 's troubling that we ` re so quick and gleefully blaming the victim of a fall from grace .  He says we do n't seem to care about the other side of the
The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff .  Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime 's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute .  Showtime already had a deal in place with Lynch and co-creator Mark Frost to bring back the cult hit .  Kyle MacLachlan is the only cast member currently confirmed for the reboot .
Easter celebrates the completion of Christ 's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion and Resurrection .  Easter does n't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending on cosmic events .  A journey from the Vatican to the Holy Land , around the moon and the Earth 's tilting axis , to Germany and the United States to try to explain the complex holiday called
Kamron Taylor , 23 , jumped a correctional officer at a jail in Kankakee , Illinois .  Surveillance video was the last officials saw of Taylor until just before midnight Friday , in Chicago .  `` If you ` re in law enforcement very long , you just get a feeling that something 's not right , '' he says .  The name tattooed on Taylor 's neck -- Gertrude
A Columbia University student is suing the school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a `` serial rapist ''  According to the lawsuit , Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz 's 2013 rape claim .  The lawsuit alleges the defendants violated his right to an education free of gender-based discrimination .  The university declines to comment on the lawsuit 's outcome .  The suit says
The Washington Post 's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July on unspecified allegations .  The Iranian-American will be tried soon on espionage , Tehran 's chief justice said .
Peter Bergen : ISIS , Al-Shabaab and other extremist groups target Christians .  He says it 's a reminder of a larger narrative about Christian persecution .  He says a network of Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican in March 2010 .  Bergen : It 's not clear what group , if any , Sid Ahmed Ghlam was working with or possibly getting orders from .
A postal carrier from Florida landed a single person aircraft on Capitol grounds .  Bob Greene : A flying machine that looks like a lawn chair with helicopter blades invade such highly restricted airspace .  He says a gyrocopter ca n't launch straight up into the air in the manner of a typical helicopter .  Greene : It appears that this aircraft is classed as a ultralight aircraft in FAA
Olivia Munn will play Psylocke in next year 's `` X-Men : Apocalypse ''  The actress will play Betsy Braddock in the film .  `` Apocalypse '' is currently in production for a summer 2016 release .
`` We are willing to discuss everything , but we need to be patient , very patient , '' Castro says .  Obama says he has n't yet decided whether to remove Cuba 's designation as a state sponsor of terror .  `` I ` m not interested in having battles , frankly , that began before I was born , '' Obama says .  The two leaders meet for
Thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities .  Frida Ghitis : While the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling .  She says Jihad Ya ` qoub , the youngest Palestinian refugee to flee the camp
`` With a rope , something that he has , he just jumped on me , '' Oliver Minatel tells CNN .  The 22-year-old was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto when he felt something around his neck .  The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip , but the flight crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on .  The suspect
Of the $ 1.6 billion , $ 850 million will go to `` gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements ''  PG & E is working to become the safest energy company in the United States , the company 's chief executive officer says .  The company says it has paid more than $ 500 million in claims to the victims and victims ` families .
Ninety-one percent of Turks do not believe that the events of 1915 were genocide , according to a recent poll .  The Turkish government , which denies that a genocide took place , maintains that hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence .  Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens .  Many have hope that Turkey 's younger generation is
Gov . Mike Pence issued an executive order Monday to extend a public health emergency .  As of Tuesday , there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed , and six preliminary -- of HIV .  `` Scott County is facing an epidemic of HIV , '' Pence said in March .
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs is trending on social media .  The picture was apparently uploaded on Imgur a few days ago .
Men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot .  ISIS militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves .  `` They said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family , '' says a 19-year-old Yazidi girl .  `` The girl spoke to us in Kurdish and said they beat me , they cuffed me and raped
Malala Yousafzai was shot in a school bus attack in 2012 .  She survived the attack and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize last year .  Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison , a judge says .  They were arrested in Swat , a district of Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , a spokesman says .
Mötley Crüe 's Vince Neil reminded us of the dangers of tackling `` The Star-Spangled Banner ''  LZ Granderson : There 's less carnage when butchers are done with their work .
Kenya 's Police Air Wing Chief Col . Rogers Mbithi denies that his unit caused any delay .  He says one of the two aircraft used to transport the commandos to Garissa left Nairobi at 7 : 30 a . m . to fly to Mombasa on a scheduled flight .  The commando team rehearsed the assault on the university compound for about two-and-a-half hours , the commando source says
`` We were sitting here in base camp , feeling the situation was getting better , '' says climber Carsten Pederson .  `` So many people were hit from behind , blown off the mountain , blown into rocks , hit by debris , tents were flying off , '' he says .  `` They were trying to outrun the avalanche and you cannot , '' an American mountaineer at
`` What must ` ve happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal , '' comedian Ricky Gervais tweets .  `` The locals -RRB- showed me this beautiful old bull giraffe that was wandering all alone , '' she says .  `` I chose to honor his life by providing others with his uses and I do not regret it for one second
7-Eleven is hosting Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day from 11 a . m . to 7 p . m . Saturday .  Customers can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 .
Dean Obeidallah : Sen . Bernie Sanders is a long shot to win election to the highest office in the nation .  He says he was never a Democrat -- and is n't yet . He 's a progressive , holding his seat in the U.S. . Senate as an independent .  He says Bernie was outraged by the outing of former CIA spy Valerie Plame by the NRA in
Frida Ghitis : If the U.S. . - Iranian relationship was overmatched , it would be `` overmatching ''  She says the U.S. . - Iran relationship is not symmetrical . It 's not as if we are doing terrible things and looking for a fair and equitable compromise .  She says U.S. . is alienating some of our closest allies because of the Iran deal .  She says we
Washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion , a senior administration official says .  Mosul has long been the big prize in the Iraqi government 's fight to defeat ISIS .  U.S. . airstrikes have already targeted ISIS positions in the area .
Three of the teens , all of them either 18 or 19 , have since been released `` pending further enquiries , '' police say .  Sevdet Besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act .  The other suspect , a 19-year-old , has not yet appeared in court .  The suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day -LRB- Australia and New Zealand
Iman Hashi , 25 and her sister Siham , 27 , are the singers of Faarrow .  The sisters were born in the Somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 .  During their teens , they discovered a passion for music and music .  They ` ve been working with Elijah Kelley , who was in `` Hairspray , '' `` The Butler ,
British police say they know a burglar alarm went off but did n't respond to the call .  The call was recorded and transferred to the police 's computer-aided dispatch system , `` the company says .  The theft was so big that police have n't come up with a value for what was stolen .  British tabloid The Daily Mirror claims to have obtained closed-circuit TV footage that captured
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of `` The Muppets ''  `` The Big Bang Theory '' co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation .  Sources say the project , if all goes well , could go straight to series .  Bob Kushell -LRB- `` 3rd Rock From the Sun '' -RRB- will also co-write and is attached to serve as showrunner
Frida Ghitis : President Barack Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran .  She says the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations .  She says he may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it .  Ghiti : Obama may insist that the U.S. . will choose no deal over a bad deal , but
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution .  `` There will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , '' a spokesman for the Attorney General 's office says .  Mary Jane Veloso 's sister says her execution will take place on Tuesday , April 28 .  They had their petitions for clemency denied
Pemba Tamang , 15 , was pulled from the rubble of a building in Kathmandu .  He was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury .  A U.S. . special operations forces team rescued 30 people , including three Americans , by helicopter .
Seventy years ago , Anne Frank died of typhorus in a Nazi concentration camp .  Researchers re-examined archives of the Red Cross , the International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial .  They concluded that Anne and her older sister , Margot Frank , died at least a month earlier than previously thought .
Five suspects arrested in attack at Garissa University College , Kenya 's interior minister says .  Al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people , including 142 students , three security officers .  The attack left 104 people injured , including 19 who are in critical condition .  `` They ` re facing down , always , '' an ambulance worker says .
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions .  He is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012 .  A judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial .
A SkyWest Airlines flight makes an emergency landing in Buffalo , New York .  The passenger received medical attention before being released .  The flight was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford .
Shinzo Abe missed a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history .  He says Abe has been disappointing on Japan 's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility .  Abe 's `` Abenesia '' is harmful to Japan , riles China and South Korea and undermines bilateral security agenda .  U.S. . deliberately set the bar on
Julian Zelizer : Democratic populism ca n't really work within the current campaign finance system .  He says the pressure for parties to raise funds in campaigns has created pressure on Democrats to court big donors .  He says even at his most progressive moments , President Barack Obama relied on Wall Street donations for both campaigns .  He says Obama 's decision to abandon the post-Watergate public finance system
One of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas .  The first stop at the district hospital brings us into the full reality of the human catastrophe .  The hospital campus is not big enough to handle such calamity .  The injured are not from the town of Gorkha , which lies near the top of one of the numerous mountain ranges
Gov . Sam Brownback signs a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure .  The law is the first of its kind in the United States .  Opponents say it is among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country .
An experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain .  The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday .  The upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest .  More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak .
Peter Gallagher alleges Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard stole the idea for `` The Cabin in the Woods ''  The author of a 2006 novel , `` The Little White Trip : A Night In the Pines , '' is suing for $ 10 million in damages .
`` It 's been a really rough day , '' hiker Jon Reiter tells CNN .  `` Huge disaster , '' a mountaineer says , warning that the death toll could skyrocket .  `` There are so many-maybe one every 5 min-that I have stopped counting , '' one hiker says .  The Indian Army evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp , a spokesman says .
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942 .  The ship was bringing silver rupees from India to England as part of the war effort .  In 2011 , Deep Ocean Search found the ship split into two parts .  At today 's rates , 100 tons of silver would be worth about $ 50 million .
Floyd Dent , 57 , was arrested after a January traffic stop in Inkster , Michigan .  Prosecutor : `` The alleged police brutality in this case cannot and will not be tolerated ''  On Wednesday , drug charges against Dent were formally dropped in Michigan Circuit Court .  `` We are all ecstatic , especially Mr . Dent . This is another step in the right direction , ''
Frida Ghitis : U.S. . leader refuses to look with clear eyes at the fruits of radical Islam .  She says growing numbers of victims of ISIS and al Qaeda in Middle East , North Africa and South Asia .  She says U.S. . military and intelligence community taking action against ISIS , its progenitor , al Qaeda .  She says it 's hardly a surprise Obama refuses to acknowledge
In the past 10 days , as many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean .  Frida Ghitis : We are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight .  In Libya , I caught , perhaps , a glimpse of what was to come in the besieged city of Misrata .  Now that boom in human misery is coming in waves to
Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy .  Italian authorities estimate that up to 200,000 migrants in Libya are waiting to cross .  But some EU critics have called for tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey .  So what would it mean if the EU did `` get Australian '' in its approach to asylum seeker
As of Friday , 142 people have tested positive for HIV in Scott and Jackson counties .  This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people .  The `` severe outbreak '' has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana .
April 8,2015 , was `` Rex Manning Day ''  April 14 was `` Titanic ''  `` Mean Girls Day '' is officially October 3 .
Larry Upright , a staunch Republican , died Monday at a North Carolina hospital .  His family made just two requests in his obituary .  `` We know he 's up there giggling right now , just laughing out loud , '' his son says .  `` May you rest in peace . I will vote for Hillary if she is the best candidate , '' an anonymous commenter says
A . Alfred Taubman , a real estate developer , died Friday at the age of 91 .  He helped define suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls .  In 1983 , he bought the renowned international auction house Sotheby 's and was jailed in 2002 .  He was released in 2003 after serving nine months in prison for conspiring with rival auction house Christie 's to fix commission
An Indian Air Force helicopter is packed with tents , medicines and packages of tinned tuna , instant noodles and rice .  The situation in Melamchi and the surrounding villages is `` dire , '' a local official says .  The mission is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since Saturday 's massive 7.8-magnitude quake .  Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have
A stray pooch has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car , apparently whacked on the head with a hammer .  Theia , a friendly white-and-black bully breed mix , has been receiving care at Washington State University .  `` She 's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life , '' a resident says .
Saudi-led coalition smashed parts of Yemen 's Defense Ministry Central Command over the weekend .  Under the rain of coalition bombs , the Houthis , who are Shiites in a majority Sunni country , still control Sanaa .  The electricity has gone out on 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas , Yemeni officials say .  The International Committee of the Red Cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire
A large storm system dubbed Typhoon Maysak is churning over the Pacific Ocean .  Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday .  The storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines .
Patrick Dempsey played Dr . Derek Shepherd on `` Grey 's Anatomy ''  He died after helping victims of another accident .  Ellen Pompeo is also signed through season 12 .
Near-sightedness , or myopia , means nearby objects appear clearly , but those farther away look blurry .  Myopia rates among 20-year-olds in South Korea jumped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % in 2011 .  Experts say reducing risk is easy , free and readily-available : get some sunlight .  In China , students have been mandated by its education ministry to perform daily eye exercises .
`` There are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through , '' his wife says .  Gunmen abducted Warren Weinstein in 2011 from his home in Lahore , Pakistan .  He worked as a contractor for the U.S. . Agency for International Development from 2004 to 2011 .  `` It 's tragic that he was killed the way he was , '' former
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau was a married teacher and mother of four in Seattle .  She began an affair with her 13-year-old student in 1996 .  She served more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship .  The couple wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005 .  The couple will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20 .
The 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted Ringo Starr , Bill Withers , Lou Reed , Joan Jett & the Blackhearts and Stevie Ray Vaughan .  Paul McCartney , Yoko Ono , John Mayer , Paul Butterfield Blues Band , The 5 Royales , Green Day and Lou Reed .  Withers : `` This has got to be the biggest AA meeting -LSB- in the -RSB- Western hemisphere
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob in August , state news reports .  Most of those sentenced -- 52 of the 73 defendants -- were tried in absentia .  Some blamed the church and other attacks on supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood .
CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst .  The ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street .  One man gave up his umbrella for the cause `` while the mom was going crazy ''  `` We ` ve never seen anything like this in the middle of town , '' CNN 's Brian Todd says .
`` Losing five students is almost incomprehensible , '' Georgia Southern president says .  The women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations .  A tractor-trailer smashed into an eastbound line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident , a post commander says .  `` I ` ve never witnessed something like that in my life , '' one witness tells CNN affiliate
Dr . John Swartzberg , M.D. . , is a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley .  He says there 's nothing the consumer can do prior to learning about a food recall .  He recommends that anyone who has consumed a listeria-laden food should let their physician know as soon as possible .  Listeria monocytogenogens can lead to listeriosis , a serious infection .  `` Healthy
Walmart 's opposition to a religious freedom law puts it at odds with many in the GOP .  The company 's political action committee has tended to support the party 's position on gays and lesbians .  Tim Pawlenty : `` The Republican Party will have to better stand for '' ideas on helping the middle class ``  Walmarket 's anti-gay policies have been a gradual transformation for the U.S.
For the first time in Nigeria 's history , the opposition defeated the ruling party .  President-elect Muhammadu Buhari , 72 , defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes .  Many Nigerians said they saw President Jonathan as an ineffectual leader who was indecisive in dealing with the terror group Boko Haram .  The elections were largely predicted to be violent and everyone , Nigerians included , expected
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations after eight drug smugglers are executed .  Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called the executions `` cruel and unnecessary ''  One of the men 's Indonesian lawyers tweeted his apologies . `` I failed . I lost , '' he said . `` I ` m sorry ''  Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte is the second Brazilian to be executed in Indonesia this year
For the first time a majority , 53 % , favor medical marijuana legalization .  John Sutter : I see a revolution in the eyes of sterling scientists who are diving in head first .  He says it 's burning white hot among young people , but also shows up among parents and grandparents .  He says the word revolution , comes from the Latin revolutio , to `` turn
`` If war prevails , we shall beget a greater disorder in the Persian Gulf , '' Mackey wrote in `` The Reckoning ''  Mackey was an undercover reporter working for U.S. . newspapers from Saudi Arabia .  Her 1992 book `` Passion and Politics : The Turbulent World of the Arabs '' helped bridge gaps in understanding .  She wrote for the people she knew , in a layman
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers ` Party are killed in clashes with Turkish armed forces .  Four Turkish soldiers also are wounded in the fighting , the armed forces say .  The Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance , CNN Turk reports .  Last month , the longtime leader of the PKK called for the violence to end .
Over the last year more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of Key West , Florida , have fought Ebola .  The `` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times '' showed the world its vulnerability to disease .  In Liberia and Sierra Leone , the number of cases has fallen so much , there are more treatment facilities than demand .
Mohammed Abu Khdeir , 16 , was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July .  His father and others complained to the National Insurance Institute of Israel .
Joao Vaccari Neto faces charges of corruption and money laundering .  He is the closest political figure to President Dilma Rousseff so far implicated .
25-1 outsider Many Clouds won the Grand National on Saturday .  Jockey Leighton Aspell won last year 's race .  AP McCoy 's horse Shutthefrontdoor finished fifth .
Richard Corliss was perhaps the magazine 's most quoted writer of all time , `` colleague says .  He was not afraid to puncture hype around big movies he found overrated , including `` Titanic '' and `` Star Wars ''  Some credit him with coining the phrase `` drop-dead gorgeous '' to describe actress Pfeiffer in a review of `` Into the Night ''  `` He savored it all
`` July 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life , '' Sierra Sharry posted on Facebook .  Lane Smith fell and hit his head in July .  `` We do n't have a picture with Lane in it , '' the new mom says .  The family photo has become a social media sensation .  It has some 193,000 likes and more than 24,000 shares .
McDonald 's announced it will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees .  Dean Obeidallah : This is the kind of fast day I ` m after : to break the chains of injustice , .  get rid of exploitation in the workplace , .  free the oppressed , .  He says the raise falls short in three important ways : It leaves out the vast majority of workers ,
A Singapore high school student 's birthday challenge has got the Internet twisted into knots .  Some say it 's the math equivalent of the `` What color is the dress '' debate .  The challenge was meant to test the better students competing in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad .
About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power .  About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters .  The powerful storm has already claimed four lives .
TEPCO deploys a remote-controlled robot inside one of the damaged reactors .  It was the first time the probe had been used .  A newly released report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path .  The robot managed to collect data on radiation levels in 14 of the 18 targeted locations .
Ashish Thakkar is a Ugandan tycoon who has built his business empire from scratch .  He is the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Richard Branson 's company , Virgin Galactic .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Davion Navar Henry Only , 16 , had lived his entire life in foster care .  The older he got , the less likely it was that he would be adopted .  Thousands of calls came into his agency , and a minster 's family in Ohio sent him back to Florida .  His social worker : `` That boy spent his whole life in the system , that 's
For 25 years , Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti , which borders Eritrea , Ethiopia and Somalia in the Horn of Africa .  For those willing to pay , there 's another route to a new life across the Ethiopian border , through to Sudan and then into Libya .  Henol and Mebratu were separated when their boat capsized in the
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks , an Iraqi provincial official says .  ISIS took over parts of Ramadi in the first half of 2014 .
`` Bali Nine '' smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting execution by firing squad .  They were jailed since April 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle more than 8 kilograms of heroin from Bali to Australia .  Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia .
Jarret Stoll of the L.A. . Kings was arrested Friday at a Las Vegas resort .  He was charged with possession of controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy .  Stoll has been with the Kings since 2008 .  He is reportedly involved with Fox Sports reporter Erin Andrews .
Penelope Cruz will appear in `` Zoolander 2 ''  Ben Stiller plays male model Derek Zoolander .  The film is scheduled for release in February 2016 .
Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane , Scotland .  Couple met at the U.S. . Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year .
Cathay Pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong after one of the pilots was arrested .  The pilot , who has not been identified , was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart .  He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon and a knife blade / sharp pointed article in a public place .
Antarctica recorded 63.5 degrees Fahrenheit on March 24 .  The temperature may be the highest ever recorded on Antarctica .
For the fifth year in a row in 2014 , ambush attacks on police officers were the No . 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers .  Douglas Rushkoff : Google 's popular real-time traffic app , Waze , uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams .  He says the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers .  In 2013,10,076 people
The fight between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather wo n't `` save '' boxing .  Mike Downey : Boxing is n't fading away because we ` ve finally awoken to its brutality .  The rocket rise of MMA 's premier organization , the Ultimate Fighting Championship , has matched boxing 's decline .  We all claim to hate violence , but I think we protest too much , Downey says
Two police officers and a security guard of the provincial attorney general 's office are among the dead .  An exchange of fire between Afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing .
`` A.D. . . The Bible Continues '' is one of six shows to watch this week .  `` Mad Men , '' `` Louie '' and `` Marvel 's Daredevil '' are back on Netflix .
Three British citizens were arrested after they were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport .  The three have been in jail since February 22 .
On Kabul 's streets , you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America 's longest war .  Five men who months ago had one valuable skill NATO depended upon : to speak English .  They were all fired from their jobs and then blacklisted , meaning they can no longer get work .  They sleep in market stalls , and avoid traveling to see their families in case the
Former Maryland Gov . Martin O ` Malley enjoys using YouTube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion .  Clinton is a big fan of Obama 's health care law , but not so much of a booster when it comes to his presidential leadership style .  In big policy choice , Clinton signals an important campaign focus .  Kamala Harris is about to play a big role
A draft script of `` The Breakfast Crew '' has been found in a filing cabinet .  The movie was filmed in the school district where it was filmed .  `` The odds of having such an iconic movie filmed and associated with your district are astronomical , '' superintendent says .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey '' author EL James will write the script for the second film .  Sam Taylor-Johnson is n't returning to direct the sequel .  The sequel will hit theaters on Feb . 10,2017 .
In 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery .  A doctor told the family that Anthony 's low grades and time in juvenile detention factored into the hospital 's decision to deny him a heart , spokesman says .  Stokes carjacked someone at a mall , kicked in the door of a home and shot at an elderly woman
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd , a semi-pro player .  Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , says Hernandez told her to dispose of a box that smelled of marijuana .  Much of the evidence in the case is circumstantial .  `` The only way you rebut it is if you put him on the stand , '' CNN legal analyst Mel Robbins
Last month Wu Rongrong was detained for planning to protest on International Women 's Day against sexual harassment in China .  Chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for `` creating disturbances ''  This year marks the 20th anniversary of the influential Fourth World Conference on Women hosted in Beijing .  China 's anti-domestic violence law is expected to get a reading before the National People 's
Craig Hicks , 46 , is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students .  He turned himself in to police the night of the killings .  Hicks had no prior criminal record , police said .
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control during the Masters .  In the balance , he did it while maintaining a stable low back and integrated core strength as the foundation for expressing his swing mobility .  Try these three yoga-based moves I use with my PGA clients to address the key areas of the swing .  Start in a neutral
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slams world powers ` framework nuclear deal with Iran .  He demands a `` clear and unambiguous Iranian recognition of Israel 's right to exist ''  The deal `` would threaten the very survival of the state of Israel ''
Protesters rally at Baltimore City Hall on Thursday , and another march is planned for Saturday .  Police say when Freddie Gray saw police on April 12 , he started running , police say .  `` In this type of an incident , you do not need probable cause to arrest . You just need a reasonable suspicion to make the stop , '' police say .  Investigators still have
Betty Whitehead Willis died over the weekend .  She played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city .  Willis never trademarked her most-famous work , calling it `` my gift to the city ''
`` We know they are not enough , and we are planning more of these airlifts , '' a Yemeni representative says .  UNICEF says its cargo includes antibiotics , bandages , syringes , IV sets and other medical supplies .  About 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa , the U.N. . says .  `` As of 6 April 2015 there have been a total
Italian physician Dr . Sergio Canavero has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient .  The 30-year-old Russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called Werdnig-Hoffman disease .  He says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure , many of them are transsexuals who want a new body .  He 's hoping to get the green light he needs for the first
William and Kate 's second baby is expected to be the first to be born into the royal family in 182 years .  In a recent Today Show poll , 32 % of Americans predicted the name was a shoo-in , and in the UK the bookies ` odds of a baby named after her late grandmother change almost daily as Diana becomes an increasingly popular choice .  Peggy Drexler
Tanka Maya Sitoula , 40 , was at home when Saturday 's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck .  She endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor , before she was freed by an Indian rescue team .  Her husband Mahendra , a butcher , says he called out for help for hours after the quake , as he could hear her shouting in the rubble .
`` Roots '' is an epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants .  It had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 .  LeVar Burton , who portrayed Kinte in the original , will co-executive produce the new miniseries .
Anthony Ray Hinton , 58 , spent nearly 30 years on death row for killing two men .  `` It 's going to take a little time , but I 'll get used to it , '' he tells CNN .  `` I did n't come too close to a breaking point , '' Hinton says .  `` I would immediately tell Satan to get ... behind me , ''
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born .  Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walked her last fashion-show runway this week .  Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott had to vacate her tour bus when it caught fire .
A surge of refugees this year has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast .  Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy 's former colonies in North and East Africa .  The migrants traversing the Mediterranean today form part of a century-long chain of migrations , expulsions , and exiles .  Libya is an example of the long reach of Italian imperialism ,
Every year , Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to his students .  Many of the students just wish they had something in common with her , that she knew soccer or video games .  Their wishes bring tears to her eyes , and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives .  `` What do our students need ? How can we best serve them
Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence .  He shot Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun after an undercover weapons sting .  Investigators ` efforts to defend Bates and the other deputies have sparked a mounting chorus of criticism .  Harris ` family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality .  Bates , 73 , had 300 hours of
Google rolled out the Pac-Man game on April Fools ` Day .  Twitterers have been playing the game in Manhattan , London and San Francisco .
China surpassed the U.S. . as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009 .  Geely Automobile , which bought Volvo in 2010 , wants to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand .  Analysts say it 's unlikely we will see Chinese car makers shake up the U.S. . car market .
South Korean authorities say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  The 2013 attack , known as `` Dark Seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters .  `` It would try to delete essentially all your files ... then restart the system , '' a digital forensic expert says .  The latest high-profile digital incursion
Libyan army head Gen . Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities had not been consulted .  `` Military action against Libyan territory is an unwise decision , '' he says .  EU leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers .
What 's changed between the shooting death of Michael Brown and that of Walter Scott in North Charleston ?  It 's hard to say for sure , but there are some of the stark differences in the cases .  Black residents outnumber whites in the St . Louis suburb by more than a 2-to-1 ratio .  The ratio of white and black officers on the North Charleston Police Department appears
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings .  David Gergen : The trial has held Boston and the region in thrall -- more so than I might have imagined .  He says the only issue to be decided is whether he should be executed .  He says if he had been convicted , he would have been denied the public stage he has
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital .  If efforts by some health systems are an indicator , the design may be on its way out of style .  Diane von Furstenberg 's reversible gown with a front and back V-neck , complete derriere coverage .  `` People felt much more comfortable in the new design , not just physically but emotionally , ''
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh , 29 , was deported from Pakistan to the United States .  He 's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad , complaint says .  `` This is a great catch not because he was a potential bomber but because he could have trained tens of bombers , '' Mudd says .  `` homeland security is becoming a matter of ` hometown security ,
The U.N. . Security Council voted in favor of an arms embargo on the Houthis .  The resolution also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence .  Russia abstained from Tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions .
`` You ca n't cordon yourself off from air or climate , '' Obama tells CNN 's Dr . Sanjay Gupta .  `` The impacts of climate change could make the situation worse , '' Dr . Vivek Murthy says .  `` This is not just a future threat -- this is a present threat , '' a senior adviser to the President says .  `` We ` ve got
Corinthian Colleges Inc . will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses .  Dean Obeidallah : For-profit colleges account for nearly half of all student loan defaults .  He says the aggressive tactics of these colleges boggle the mind .  He says CEOs of these companies make millions a year , employ an army of lobbyists , donate money to both parties .  He says it 's a sign
U.N. . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon : `` The Islamic State is now in control of almost all the camp ''  An estimated 18,000 refugees are trapped inside Yarmouk , the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria .  Activists and residents tell CNN that as many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since ISIS stormed the camp .  The camp 's only functioning hospital was first occupied by
One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged but has n't left the area .  They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March , but none developed the deadly virus .
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder .  He was 16 at the time of the shooting .  Lane was jogging when he was shot in the back .
Cynthia Cheroitich , 19 , says Al-Shabaab told her if she did n't know to read to them in the Muslim word , whatever , and then you lie down ``  `` I was scared so much , '' she says after a visit by the head of the university convinced her to come out .  `` The fallacy and satanic mindset is that in Somalia , they kill Muslims
LZ Granderson : There are some people who blame President Barack Obama for racial tension in America .  He says some people are partially blaming the 2013 movie `` The Purge '' for the uprising in Baltimore .  He says there are more than 100 cases of police brutality that have been either lost or settled out of court .  LZ : Soul searching , as the President suggested ,
South African troops deploy to areas where police are spread too thin .  Defense Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula : `` This intervention is not an indictment on the police ''  Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .
Maria Cardona : Tuesday is Equal Pay Day , a point in the year women would have to work .  She says the 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated .  She says for many on the right the midterm election victories signaled that the `` war on women '' narrative was over .  She says in many ways , she rejected the insidious `` war of women '' rhetoric
Budae-jjigae -- or `` army stew ''-dates back to the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. . Army rations .  Anthony Bourdain : `` It 's , in fact , a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness ''  1 12-oz can of Spam , cut into 1 / 2-inch slices .  3 tablespoons cheongju , or a clear rice wine similar to
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide .  We have vetted a list of organizations that have created specific funds for relief efforts .
A white police officer in North Charleston , South Carolina , was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back .  The video contradicts a police officer 's statement that he felt threatened after Scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle .  `` We ca n't bring Mr . Scott back , but something like this today can have a bigger precedence than just
James Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings , is not guilty by reason of insanity .  Holmes is accused of opening fire at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , in June 2012 .  He appeared like a comic book character , with red-orange hair , similar to Heath Ledger 's .  Holmes admits to shootings but says he 's suffering `` a psychotic
The United Nations is appealing for $ 174 million to help Nigerian refugees who ` ve fled to neighboring nations .  Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques .  The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria .
The shootings occurred at the gates of the U.S. . Census Bureau 's headquarters .  The suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau in Suitland , Maryland .  A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing .  That guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , a fire department spokesman says .
`` If war 's drums are beaten , we are ready for them , '' says Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal .  Saudi-led coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis , a Saudi source says .  `` They are among the most vulnerable people in Yemen , '' a U.N. . official says .  Some 75,000 people have been displaced in the past week , a U.N. .
Yahya Rashid , a UK national from northwest London , was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday .  He 's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism .  Rashid is due to appear in Westminster Magistrates ` Court on Wednesday .
Adam Gadahn , 36 , was killed in January in a U.S. . government counterterrorism operation .  He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda , speaking against his native country .  A former al Qaeda member says he was tasked with greeting him at Peshawar airport in 1998 .  He was the chief English-language propagandist for al Qaeda 's tribal areas after 9 / 11 .  He
More than 200,000 `` comfort women '' were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the Japanese during World War II .  Nancy Pease : They suffered unimaginable physical , emotional , and psychological trauma .  She says Japan has an opportunity to do right by these women and issue an irrefutable apology .  She says in 2006 , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said there was no evidence of Japanese coercion .
NEW : The flight data recorder was found about 8 inches -LRB- 20 centimeters -RRB- below the surface .  Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane 's descent .  The `` black box '' was expected to yield important evidence about the crash 's final minutes .  The 27-year-old had researched suicide methods and cockpit door security on the Internet , prosecutors say
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Investors in Mayfair , Kensington and Chelsea are welcoming a new wave of African investors .  They mainly come from just six countries : Nigeria , Ghana , Gabon , Cameroon and Senegal .  Over the past three years Africans have spent over $ 900 million on luxury residential property in London .  High-end auction house Sotheby 's says that foreign investors see London as a `` safe haven ''
President Goodluck Jonathan 's victory in Nigeria 's elections is the first of its kind in history .  Frida Ghitis : Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites .  She says for too long , the poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .  She says the problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism .
Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the U.S. . designated as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008 .  It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations .  It has been blamed for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , peacekeepers .  The group 's predecessor was al-Ittihad al-Islami -LRB- AIAI -RRB- , which worked to
Yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought , scientists say .  Underneath the national park 's attractions is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over .  The discovery does n't mean there is now more magma than there was before , the scientists say .  An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely , the USGS says .
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday .  The 30-year-old was suspended in November over allegations he disciplined his son too harshly .  Peterson played in one game last season before being placed on an exempt list .  The Vikings will hold voluntary offseason workouts beginning Monday .
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $ 11,000 of welfare benefits a year .  Under the new `` no jab , no pay '' policy , the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016 .  More than 39,000 children under the age of seven have not been imaccinated .  More than 7,000 people have signed a petition in opposition to the
`` Operation Renewal of Hope '' will focus on the political process , a U.S. . military official says .  `` You will many changes in the days to come , '' says Yemen President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi .  U.S. . military official : The United States is conducting `` manned reconnaissance '' off Yemen .  The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government , a key
Photographer Timothy Bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills .  The greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird with an average wingspan of 8 feet .  The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati , about 300 miles from Bangladesh .  About 100 families live inside the landfill and search the area for treasure -- a tiny scrap of metal , a bit of plastic , maybe a
Frida Ghitis : Hillary Clinton is famous enough to go by one name , but should she ?  She says we ` ve long called Clinton by her first name , in a way we do n't do with men .  She says being president of the U.S. . is a serious job , but in a global context , it 's important to distinguish between this Clinton and that
Gov . Mike Pence said on Tuesday that Indiana will `` fix '' the Religious Freedom Restoration Act .  Danny Cevallos : Promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion and protecting equality serves no one .  He says it 's a good thing for society to shape its laws in ways that allow people to live their lives with their religious obligations .  He says in practice , it actually
Two of the airstrikes hit Al-Shabaab training camps , a military source says .  Kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in Garissa could be attacked , a police source says .  The country 's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre began .  A spokesman for Kenya 's president and deputy president defends the response time , saying `` with the benefit of
More than 60 people were rescued from the chilly waters in Russia 's Far East .  Of the people on board , 78 were Russians .  More than 20 fishing vessels are searching for the 15 people still thought to be missing .
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani tells Japan 's parliament that the country 's Air Self Defense Force has never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object .  Former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes , but admitted that he did n't know personally if aliens existed .  Inoki has appeared in the U.S. . - based WWE , and is the founder of the
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of all 30 counts he faced in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings .  He was found guilty of using weapons of mass destruction , conspiracy and aiding and abetting .  The trial 's sentencing phase begins April 21 , a day after this year 's race .
A grand jury decides not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison .  The 39-year-old schizophrenic man 's mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital .  The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison 's family .
Banksy 's graffiti in Gaza has become an attraction after he visited in February .  `` It 's a graffiti from the most famous artist in the world , and I ca n't give it away , '' Banksy says .  `` Things started becoming clear that the artist is worldwide famous , and he drew it secretly , '' says Rabea Darduna .  `` The buyer -RSB- used us
Irish betting company Paddy Power backtracks on controversial tweet .  The tweet alluded to recent incidents in the U.S. . where unarmed African-American men have been killed by police .  Paddy Power spokesman told CNN before Liverpool 's 2-0 win at Anfield : `` It was a joke , and no offense was meant ''  The company is well-known for its use of publicity stunts .
`` So far no videos were used in the crash investigation , '' French prosecutor Brice Robin says .  German daily Bild and French Paris Match reported that a cell phone video of the harrowing final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525 .  A French Gendarmerie spokesman says the reports are `` completely wrong '' and `` unwarranted ''  The German airline Lufthansa confirmed Tuesday that co-pilot Andreas Schmeier 's plane
Frida Ghitis : The U.S. . is failing its partners in counterterrorism efforts .  She says the majority of our partners do n't have credible and capable special operations forces .  She says U.S. . has failed to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units in partner nations .  U.S. . taxpayers are providing $ 5.65 billion in foreign military finance in 2015 , she says .
LZ Granderson : Mike Pence is drawing huge heat for signing a religious freedom law that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians .  He says Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives , but it 's more than enough to drag the entire GOP field .  He says there is no way a GOP can get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT
China launches smartphone app starring current leader , President Xi Jinping .  App designed by the Central Party School , which trains Chinese Communist Party leaders .  App aims to `` arouse enthusiasm '' for socialist ideologies .
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram 's most liked photo .  The Liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first post in November 2011 .  The 23-year-old has had over 25,000 followers on his personal account .
An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in Afghanistan .  The report , entitled `` Their Lives on the Line , '' examines the persecution of activists not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords , and by government officials .  For the first time in history , women in Afghanistan became pallbearers , hoisting the victim 's
In his Second Inaugural address , President Abraham Lincoln said `` With malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right ''  In April 1865 , Confederate Gen . Robert E . Lee surrendered to Union General Grant at Appomattox Courthouse .  Julian Zelizer : Grant purposely ended up being generous to Confederate soldiers .  He says
Oleg Kalashnikov , a former member of the Party of Regions , was shot and killed Wednesday .  Oles Buzyna , a journalist known for his pro-Russian views , was killed near his home .  The killings renewed speculation about a conspiracy to kill people close to ousted President Viktor Yanukovych .  At least three former members of parliament have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks .  Oleksandr
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006 .  Two years after he left , he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that he threatened to shoot him .  Colon and the city of Marana , Arizona , settled the suit for $ 20,000 .  The NYPD has said there is no indication of any disciplinary
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes `` treatment , '' police say .  She will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person .  If she does n't challenge her extradition , she will be transported to Philadelphia , police say .  The mother of a quadriplegic man was left in the woods while she traveled to see her boyfriend in
`` Game of Thrones '' fifth season premieres Sunday .  It 's the most high-profile premiere yet .  The show is currently set to end after seven years .
Since mid-December , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens .  That number will likely grow as birds with the disease fly from one state to the next .  The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus `` low ''  `` We are cautiously optimistic '' that it wo n't spread to humans , but `` we are
Two Australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad .  Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are on death row for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot .  Bali Nine member Michael Czugaj testified he was lured into the drug scheme with the promise of a free holiday to Bali .  Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen , 31 , from Brisbane
`` This is a treasure trove , '' photographer Jeff Gusky says from his home in Texas .  1,821 names , about 40 % are Australian , and most of the others identified as British .  `` Someone could be in this place one day and the next fighting at the front , '' he says .  Gusky , a National Geographic photographer , has chronicled the area in a
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream : changing the way we interact with electronic devices .  Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air , using ultrasound .  Through an emission of sound waves , sensations are projected through the air and to the user .  Changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended Tactile surfaces , creating invisible -- but tangible -- interface
`` I have watched the video , and I was sickened by what I saw , '' police chief says .  A video shows Officer Michael Slager , who is white , firing eight shots at Walter Scott .  Scott , who was unarmed , was struck five times , and his death was the result of a homicide .  `` We ca n't get into the brain of another
Andrew Getty 's death `` appears to be natural -LRB- causes -RRB- or an accident , '' a coroner says .  A female friend was at the home where Getty died , police say .
Alondra Luna Nuñez , 14 , was returned to Mexico from Texas .  DNA tests show she 's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter .  The woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico .
Five people are initially reported missing , but one of them has been rescued .  More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race .  As many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water , the Coast Guard says .
If newly revised training materials are approved by a federal judge , new cadets could be taking courses reminding them `` not to engage in racial profiling ''  The training notes , which include 140 pages of instruction and PowerPoint slides , are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the NYPD 's `` Stop , Question and Frisk '' practice unconstitutional .  The NYPD has said the policy
`` Saturday Night Live '' host Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents ` Association dinner .  Obama did n't hit the podium until 10 : 20 p . m .  Obama had strong comedy lines and delivered them with timing that many stand-up comics would envy .
Bobbi Kristina Brown has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' her grandmother says .  `` We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time , '' Cissy Houston says .  Brown 's father , Bobby Brown , said his daughter 's condition has improved .
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country .  As the insecurity in the region has spiraled , the worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks .  As Boko Haram increases its reliance on child suicide bombers , concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of the terror group
Taylor Swift 's mother has cancer .  She did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer .
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled the Yemeni island of Birim at first light .  Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti .  The families ` journey across this part of the Red Sea as `` a window into hell ''
`` Mad Men '' s `` end of an era '' begins Sunday , but it 's not a huge ratings hit .  The show about a 1960s ad agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric .  `` The Sopranos , '' creator Matthew Weiner 's former employer , divided fans with its cut-to-black finale .  `` Breaking Bad '' was saluted for
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual : an annual physical exam .  Poll : 92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam .  Dr . Ateev Mehrotra : randomized trials going back to the 1980s just do n't support it .  He says patients should only go to the doctor if something is wrong , or if
Jean Nidetch founded Weight Watchers in 1961 .  She took the company public five years later .
Frida Ghitis : Hillary Clinton has been a part of all our lives for nearly a quarter of a century .  She says she is the best-known presidential candidate across both parties and almost unchallenged within her own .  She says Clinton 's credentials as a fighter against inequality are mixed .  She says as secretary of state , she could be associated with controversies like Syria , Mubarak crisis
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days , according to Israeli law .  `` I wish you success in your work , '' President Reuven Rivlin tells the Prime Minister .
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever .  Dean Obeidallah : There 's a range of emoji skin tones to pick from , including yellow , brown and black .  He says when you embrace diversity , you will still leave out other minority groups .
`` Vampire Diaries '' star Nina Dobrev announced she will leave the show at the end of this season .  Fans were upset about the show 's producers for allowing it to go on to a seventh season .  `` Nothing will be the same again , '' Twitter user tweeted .
A small group of Assyrians , a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years , formed their own militia .  Many Assyrians see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists .  The exodus of Christians from Iraq started prior to ISIS -- and the civil war in the mid-2000s took an especially heavy toll .  Dwekh Nawsha fighters say
`` We believe the police are keeping the circumstances of Freddie Gray 's death secret , '' his attorney says .  Video recorded at the scene shows Gray , with his hands behind his back , screaming .  Police have not released the incident report , nor the names of the officers involved .
Danny Cevallos : It wo n't come as news to anyone today that the authority to make an arrest carries with it the potential to escalate to lethal force .  He says failure to pay child support is not a crime , but Skipping child support court should not be a crime .  He says a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support is n't about catching criminals
A wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead .  `` I ` m scared to go to town because I do not know when these people can attack and it 's stressful for me , '' says Congolese immigrant Tarsis Mboma Thale .  Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside .  Eric Kalonji left the
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen .  `` Their chances of survival depend on action within hours , not days , '' an ICRC official says .  Russia submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to airstrikes against Shiite rebels in Yemen .  The U.N. . Security Council met late Saturday morning to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula nation .  Houthi
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the `` Wonder Woman '' movie .  She was announced as director in November .  The movie is still set for release on June 23,2017 .
In Russia 's tightly-managed democracy , chances to question the country 's leader are rare .  Putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices , to relations with America .  The Kremlin says they will have to sift through 1.7 million emails , video messages and texts to decide who gets to ask what .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon bombings .  The sentencing phase begins Tuesday .  `` We are in favor of and would support the Department of Justice in taking the death penalty off the table , '' they say .
Ben Affleck lobbied producers of `` Finding Your Roots '' to remove any reference to his slave-owning ancestor .  Dean Obeidallah : It 's unlikely the show violated its own editorial standards .  He says the show 's producer , Henry Louis Gates Jr . , acquiesced to his request .
Ben Kacyra founded CyArk , a non-profit company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture .  He has a plan to scan 500 World Heritage sites in five years .  So far , the list of completed scans includes Ancient Thebes , Chichen Itza , Fort Laramie , Mesa Verde , Mount Rushmore , Petra , Pompeii , Rapa Nui , Tikal .  The idea is
Sen . Bernie Sanders of Vermont could make an announcement within days , reports CNN 's Nia-Malika Henderson .  Vice President Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the Democratic presidential nomination .  Ohio Gov . John Kasich is n't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy .  The old line `` elections have consequences '' gets repeated a lot because it just
After weeks of dramatic testimony , jurors are set to begin deliberations Tuesday .  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon .  `` The defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets , '' assistant U.S. . attorney says .  `` He wanted to terrorize this country ... he wanted to punish America
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994 .  `` # WeAreAfrica '' showscasing the need for a common front against this affront , says Frida Ghitis .  Attacks against newcomers in South Africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black Africans .  `` Xenophobia '' does not tell us that extreme poverty now exceeds that experienced under
Dr . Anthony Moschetto , 54 , pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , prescription sale and weapons charges .  Two other men -- identified as James Chmela , 43 , and James Kalamaras , 41 -- are named as accomplices , prosecutors say .  Police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at his home , including hand grenades , high-capacity magazines and knives
Dean Obeidallah : I ` m a lifelong Catholic who finally plans to read the Bible from cover to cover .  He says the whole Book of Genesis has everything to do with the Earth and man 's place in it .  He says 9 out 10 people in his unscientific poll had no idea who Seth was .  He says we do n't learn much about Seth , the
Kenneth Morgan Stancil , 20 , is charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of Ron Lane .  He is accused of killing Lane at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina .  `` I do n't give a f -- what you want , '' the judge tells him , `` I would have killed you , you know what I ` m saying , if you
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Rick Santorum says he 'd hoped Indiana Gov . Mike Pence would veto the `` fix '' to his state 's religious freedom law .  The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana , led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce and sports organizations like the NCAA .  Social conservatives have argued that Christian bakers , florists and wedding photographers should n't be forced to provide services to same-sex
`` It seems he survived by sheer willpower , '' says a doctor who treated Rishi Khanal , 27 .  A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building at least 22 hours after the quake .  Tanka Maya Sitoula , a 40-year-old mother of four , was at home in Kathmandu when the earthquake struck .  `` There was no room to move here and there , '' she
Scientists say they ` ve seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the Martian night .  The study does n't change the picture for life on Mars .  The possibility for liquid brines on Mars has wider implications for habitability , scientists say .
Thai Airways introduces animated characters from `` Adventure Time ''  The Airbus A320 features Jake , Finn and Princess Bubblegum .  The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4 .
CNN 's Alex Castellanos traveled from Djibouti to Aden , Yemen , to see what life was like for the people of Aden .  The ship was called Mecca -- after the holy city of Mecca .  The port-Master asked if we could take 60 refugees , but it was too late .  The port 's Harbor-Master offered them $ 300 a person , but they were being charged $
A skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops in the 17th century has been found .  Archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna found the skeleton in the city of Tulln .  They say the camel was a `` camelry , '' using camels for transportation and to ride .  DNA analysis on the skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid
A prosecutor has dismissed allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran 's involvement .  The original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January .  The 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires is the deadliest terror attack in the country 's history .
After a century of development , half the Everglades is dead and the other half is on life support .  This is a problem , not just for the gators and snakes .  It 's a problem for eagles , panthers , snails , dolphins , hawks , manatees , flamingos , vase sponges , black bears and ghost orchids .  Most of the drinking water in South Florida comes
The fiery sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia .  Strong winds picked up the smoke from the fires .  As the smoke starts to dissipate , air quality will get better .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , has been found guilty on every count , the jury must decide .  `` Before he murdered them in some of the cruelest ways imagiagible , '' the prosecutor says .  `` She was n't really a girly girl , but she loved to whitewater , '' a witness says .  `` She traded that in for a bat , '' one of the victims
On April 19,1995 , the Alfred R . Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed .  CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today .  A fly-by of Pluto , 4 billion miles away , shows the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world .
Shanghai rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads .  Each month there are around 10,000 license plates available .  Toyota , Volkswagen and Volvo all launched gasoline-electric hybrids for the Chinese market .  Sales of electric and hybrid vehicles lag behind the U.S. . , where more than 100,000 were sold last year .
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around our own sun .  Meg Urry : Astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like , habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone .  She says life that can use radio waves has existed on Earth for only 0.000002 % of the planet 's history .  If they all have histories like the Earth 's ,
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria .  Activists say ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front took control of 90 % of the camp .  `` Never has the hour been more desperate , '' the UNRWA says .
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in Izmir .  `` There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth , '' the petition says .  `` The nearest temple -LRB- is -RRB- billions of light years away , '' one supporter says .
Amy Schumer 's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show .  Channing Tatum twerked for Jennifer Lopez .  Tinashe got about 30 seconds to command the stage .  Kevin Hart 's Comedic Genius Award was bigger than the kid 's head .
Frida Ghitis : Domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to anti-government extremists .  She says the FBI 's goal is to prevent `` homegrown attacks '' before they happen .  She says it 's often successful , but every once in a while , the suspects get away .  She says some of the most-wanted domestic terror fugitives are Donna Joan Borup , Cheri Laverne Dalton , Ted Kaczynski
John Avlon : Public outrage over `` religious freedom '' bills caught governors of two states off-guard .  He says local and national businesses had better adjust to a new reality .  Marriott International 's `` # Love Travels '' marketing aimed at attracting lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender travelers .  He says 72 % of millennials believe same-sex couples have the right to have marriages recognized as
Frida Ghitis : Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon .  She says police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a `` moment '' and we have not yet shown the resolve needed to end it .  We are losing confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in law enforcement , justice system , she says .
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire are said to have been the first genocide of the 20th century .  Some Armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized unless the truth of what happened to their forebears is acknowledged .  April 24 , known as Red Sunday , is commemorated as Genocide Remembrance Day by Armenians around the world .  The number of Armenians living in Turkey
Cottonwood , Arizona , police release dramatic video of a Walmart parking lot brawl on March 21 .  The group of eight people -- all identified as members of the Gaver family ---are reportedly involved in a Christian family band .
Paul Begala : It 's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician .  He says it 's difficult to underestimate the task at hand .  He says the old lessons of message discipline do n't work in the informal environment the campaign is trying to create .
`` There is gong to be change , '' the head of a church in Summerville , South Carolina , says .  Scott 's death was `` an act of overt racism , '' a church official says .  Scott , who was black , was fatally shot in the back by a police officer in Charleston .  A Dallas Cowboys banner -- his favorite NFL team -- was placed
Pope Francis may make a stop in Cuba on his way to or from the U.S. . this September , a Vatican spokesman says .  `` contacts with the Cuban authorities are still in too early a phase , '' the Vatican says .  Francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the U.S. .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign-in-waiting met Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters .  A `` values statement '' outlines what the campaign will stand for , what their goals are and how they plan to win .  The memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble , disciplined and united .  `` This campaign is not about Hillary Clinton and not about us , '' the document says .
Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten sentenced to life in prison , mandatory for first-degree murder conviction .  Paul Slough , Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard sentenced to 30 year each , plus one day .  Blackwater said its convoy came under attack , and defense attorneys said in court that witness accounts were fabricated .  Among the dead were two boys , 9 and 11 , a doctor , a used
Since James Foley 's murder , the world has been regularly confronted with a modern form of an ancient , primally horrifying method of execution .  Psychologists say the spate of jihadist beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation .  Arie W . Kruglanski : `` The very concept of beheading , that was virtually non-existent in our unconscious prior to these events being propagated , is
Julian Zelizer : President Obama argued with Elizabeth Warren , calling her `` wrong '' on trade policy .  He says Warren has publicly criticized so-called `` fast track '' trade authority that would allow White House to negotiate multination trade deals .  He says Clinton 's staff is at pains to suggest that Clinton has always been a populist as opposed to co-opt a current trend .  He says
Michael Slager , 33 , has been fired from the North Charleston Police Department .  His wife is eight months ` pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance .  `` I ca n't imagine him doing something that ... . It 's not like him . That 's just not his character , '' his mother says .  `` Shots fired and the subject is down
Melissa Atkins Wardy , author of `` Redefining Girly '' is fighting gender stereotypes .  She shared a story about a `` Big Hero 6 '' fabric with her readers and her 6,700 Twitter followers .  Wardy : `` You are telling boys that it 's OK to think girls are yucky , unworthy and less than a boy ''  `` This sends the direct message to both boys and
`` If Iran cheats , '' Obama says , `` the world will know it , '' he says .  The U.S. . , Russia , China , France , the United Kingdom and Germany are involved in the talks with Iran .  `` People negotiated hard . It was tough , very intense at times , sometimes emotional and confrontational , '' U.S. . Secretary of State John Kerry
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell 's `` Rosie the Riveter ''  She died this week at her home in Simsbury , Connecticut .
Kamron Taylor , 23 , was convicted of murdering a correctional officer in Illinois .  Authorities do n't know how he got out of his two-man cell , when he should have been locked down .  He `` attacked from the side '' around 3 a . m . `` Beat him , choked him , '' the sheriff says .  `` The question for us is where did -LRB-
`` ISIS has taken the east of the city , it 's not accessible , '' the provincial council deputy chief says .  `` We just did n't have the force to hold them off , '' he says .  `` They took our homes and kicked us out , '' a woman in one of the carts .  `` We had been warning we could see their movements ,
`` Our nation has lost a great hero , and I have lost a dear friend , '' former secretary of state says .  Sarah Brady was involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years .  She was chairwoman of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence from 2000 until she died .  `` Sarah was an honorable American who we always respected , '' the gun rights
The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino in Queens , New York .  Several thousand dollars ` worth of damages was done to the casino , police said .
Norway is slated to become the first in the world to phase out FM radio entirely .  Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $ 25 million .  Radio will be phased out region by region , starting in January 2017 and concluding in December .
Loretta Lynch was nominated to become the country 's first African-American woman attorney general .  By the time the Senate returns from Easter recess on Monday , it 'll have been longer than the eight previous nominees for the job -- combined .  `` When it has taken so long , when it has been so different from any other person ... how else can we interpret that it is
Suzanne Crough played youngest daughter Tracy on `` The Partridge Family ''  Tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling band .  Crough also starred in the TV series `` Mulligan 's Stew ''
`` Grace of Monaco '' will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day , May 25 .  The critically-panned film opened last year 's Cannes Film Festival .  The Weinstein Co . decided to sell it directly to Lifetime .
In total , Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times .  She is believed to still be married to four men , and at one time , she was married to eight men at once .  Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam .
The death toll rises to 3,218 , a government official says .  India has reported 56 deaths , and China another 20 .  The country 's worst natural disaster in more than 80 years has left more than 3,000 people dead .  The quake and its aftershocks have turned one of the world 's most scenic regions into a panorama of devastation .  Many Nepalis slept in the open ,
Peter Greste : The centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign , our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance .  He says the historical legacy of Australia 's involvement in the first world war boils down to a simple equation : young -LRB- white -RRB- man plus distant beach equals sacrifice .  He says there is nothing intrinsically wrong with military commemoration that honors the dead .  To widen
`` The Dark Knight Returns '' is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture .  Comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story .  The final chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall .
China 's cybercensors have long used a `` Great Firewall '' to block its citizens from reading Western news sites .  They ` ve developed a new IT weapon and has attacked servers outside their borders .  The `` Great Cannon '' blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks .  It uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do it , the study 's
`` There is still smoke on and off , but nothing so dramatic -LRB- as before -RRB- , '' says a retired university adviser .  Calbuco Volcano erupts again Thursday , marking the third time since last week .  A 20-kilometer -LRB- 12-mile -RRB- exclusion zone has been established around the crater .  `` I understand that the rain that was announced for today would have been a disaster ,
Newly appointed Attorney General Loretta Lynch will lead a federal response to police violence .  Errol Louis : Lynch 's job is to create a muscular response to months of national unrest .  He says she will use the power to withhold federal funds from local departments .  Louis : The first order of business will be to re-establish order in Baltimore , where the National Guard has been mobilized
Tickets for Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao clash have sold out .  Most expensive seat on sale through StubHub website is $ 128,705 .  The cheapest priced ticket is $ 4,600 .
Al-Shabaab gunmen killed 147 people at Garissa University College in Kenya on Thursday .  It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to Kenya since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. . Embassy in Nairobi .  In October 2011 , Kenya Defense Forces invaded Somalia with crushing Operation Linda Nchi , Swahili for `` Protect the Country ''  In December , the Somali terrorist group carried out the same
`` I will carry his brilliant legacy forward as best I am able , '' Freberg 's son says .  `` He was and will always be my hero , '' his son says on Facebook .  `` Weird Al '' Yankovic : `` One of my absolute all-time heroes has just passed away ''  The Los Angeles native had hit records of his own , including `` St .
The debate over religious freedom and gay rights is always heated , but the interpretations and motives behind the law can be questioned .  Sen . Chuck Schumer mocks Indiana 's claim that the state law is simply a mirror of the 22-year-old federal law .  If you look at the purpose of the law , the language in the federal and Indiana religious freedom laws are nearly indistinguishable .
Migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya .  In the first three months of 2015 , Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving .  At least 480 migrants have died crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year .
`` I do n't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , '' Rebekah Gregory says .  `` I do believe , however , that he should be held accountable for his actions , '' she says .  `` I may be standing on one fake leg , but I ` m standing here , stronger than ever , because someone tried to destroy me , and
Frida Ghitis : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing .  She says there could be other more young men like him , who could be like him .  She says understanding what leads young Muslims down a dangerous path requires we understand radicalization .  Ghiti : To understand why , we have to take a stab at understanding what radicalizes Muslims .  She
65 cases of 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing in October 2013 .  Investigators say the high-end heist was `` indicative of an inside job ''  Gilbert `` Toby '' Curtsinger , 45 , a loading dock worker at the Buffalo Trace Distillery , is accused of allegedly engaging in organized crime .  He and his
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago Thursday .  A good portion of the armaments the Saudis send in on guided parachutes fall into Houthis ` hands .  There is a feeling that not enough of what the Arabias set out to do has been accomplished .  Aden is a city gripped by fear , desperation and want , CNN 's Al-Nasri says .  The
Most of those released are women and children ; the rest are ill or elderly .  ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis .
On Thursday , NPR ran a piece on Baltimore 's urban turmoil after the death of Freddie Gray .  Frida Ghitis : While it was a freshly produced piece , it was hardly a new story .  She says it 's time to call this persistent meme what it is : a misleading , hyperbolic and dangerous distraction .
`` They actually spit on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts , '' wounded veteran Nicholas Connole tells CNN affiliate WJHG .  `` There is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior , '' Zeta Beta Tau 's executive director says .  `` I am personally offended and disappointed by the behavior that
Jill -LRB- Duggar -RRB- Dillard gave birth to a 9-pound , 10-ounce son .  She and husband Derick have named Israel David .  The baby went past his due date by more than a week .
More than 1 million Armenians died at the hands of the Turks one hundred years ago .  Frida Ghitis : Pope Francis faced just such a dilemma this Sunday in Rome .  She says previous popes had to make a hard choice : Adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat ?
People who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies , more social support , more freedom to make life choices .  The U.N. . General Assembly declared March 20 as World Happiness Day in 2012 .  A visit to these happy places will give you a taste of what the locals enjoy every day .  If you do n't live in one of the 10 happier countries in
The New Orleans City Council passed a ban on smoking in most places in January .  Bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban , and a hearing is scheduled in state court in a month .
Bob Barker hosted `` The Price Is Right '' for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 .  Barker handled the first price-guessing game of the show , the classic `` Lucky Seven ''
The U.S. . Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs .  Danny Cevallos : FedEx is accused of conspiracies , misbranding , money laundering .  He says it 's not just `` No , '' but a `` No '' so conclusive that this case should never see a courtroom .  He says when it comes to drugs , the law recognizes two kinds
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series .  The magnitude-7 . 8 earthquake broke out in Nepal on Saturday .  The team kept the camera rolling as they traversed the streets .  The team 's videos show people 's reactions to various `` pranks ''
Donna Brazile : Rand Paul is trying to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning voting rights .  Paul has tried to brand himself as the GOP 's minority outreach candidate , says Brazile .  She says the problem for Paul , and the Republicans at large , is that they do n't back up their policies .  She says under Paul 's leadership , he would
Roxanne Jones : Britt McHenry 's comments about a towing company employee were outrageous .  She says she 's lost her cool from time to time , but some of her comments suggest she may have the dangerous thinking that she is better than others .  Jones : `` People do n't all of sudden have such a vile tirade . Let 's let her be an example to others
Sheriff says he is `` very concerned '' for their safety and that of their families .  The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when he was shot .  They are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning Harris ` head to the ground .  Harris ` family says the shooting reveals `` a deep-seated problem ''
Three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen .  There is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back , or that lives there are being saved .  The U.N. . Security Council voted in favor of an arms embargo on the Houthis .  Russia abstained from Tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions .
NASA 's Ellen Stofan says there 's evidence of life beyond Earth within a decade .  `` We know where to look . We know how to look , '' she says .  The Hubble Space Telescope has been key to the discoveries , NASA says .
CNN 's Arwa Damon saw a digger packed with explosives that Iraqi forces had to disarm .  Iraqi forces found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped .  Iraqi forces say they fired an RPG at a truck , killing three ISIS fighters in Tikrit .  Officials fear that `` scorched earth '' reprisals by Shiite militias could stoke local anger .  Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi
Concrete from a construction project crashed onto Josh and Vanessa Ellis ` car .  `` The only thing we had was we could tell there was one victim , '' police say .  The couple were pastors at a church in Puyallup , near Bonney Lake .  `` We are stunned ! Shocked ! Wounded , broken and dismayed , '' Pastor James Ludlow says .
`` There was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying , '' an EPA spokesman says .  The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity .  `` We ` re thinking about the family , and we join the community in wishing them , '' Sea Glass Vacations says .  The U.S. . Department of Justice
Noelle Velentzas , 28 , and her former roommate , Asia Siddiqui , 31 , face life in prison if convicted .  They were accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the U.S. . , prosecutors say .  `` Why ca n't we be some real bad bitches ? '' she asks , adding that people need to refer to them as `` citizens of the
California Gov . Jerry Brown ordered statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history .  David Frum : The new measures are the strongest acknowledgment yet that the drought is n't tenable today in a serious drought .  He says it wo n't be the last , and surely will not be the worst to come in the remainder of this century .  He
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the world .  At 42 , Sudan is elderly in rhino years ; Fatu , 15 , is a spring chicken , while Najin is 25 .  Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct .  If one is not recorded soon , the beloved animal will go extinct .  The Ol Pejeta Conservancy is raising
Popular Chinese TV host Bi Fujian was caught on camera cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong .  `` The Communist Party , Chairman Mao . Do n't mention that old son of a b * * * h . He made us suffer so bad , '' Bi 's impromptu lyrics .  `` As a public figure , I shall learn the lesson from this incident , adhering to strict
Jay Parini : Easter is unique on the Christian calendar , a major point in the religious year .  He says it 's about how religious impulses , and patterns , can operate in ways that affect our lives .  He says Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday , proceed through Easter Sunday .  He says Good Friday is n't so good
Hundreds of people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck Saturday .  Many people are too scared to go back inside any buildings .  `` The shake was like nothing I have experienced in my 57 years . It was strong and it shook for a long time , '' a witness says .
Yarmouk , on the outskirts of Damascus , was established as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s .  Since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict .  Most of those fighting on all sides are Palestinians .  Pro-government factions besiege the area from the outside , cutting off supplies and aid most of the time .  `` We have nothing . What can we do ?
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter 's conservator .  Mitchell was found unconscious in her home a month ago .  On Mitchell 's website , a statement says Mitchell is alert .
Percy Sledge 's biggest hit , `` When a Man Loves a Woman , '' became a cornerstone of soul music .  Sledge had a number of hits , including `` Take Time to Know Her , '' `` Warm and Tender Love '' and `` It Tears Me Up ''  `` I hummed it all my life , even when I was picking and chopping cotton in the fields
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. . Virgin Islands .  The pesticide was used at least twice at the gated Sirenusa resort on St . John , officials say .  Terminix says it is `` committed to performing all work ... in a safe that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment ''  Governor says his
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted about 56 miles from the Libyan port of Misrata .  `` They were armed . And at that point chaos erupted , '' the owner says .  Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year 's climbing season .  In 2014 , the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell , killing 16 Nepalis .  The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest .  The route through Khumbu Icefall , the notoriously treacherous path where the 16 were killed , has been changed to one
About a dozen Native American actors walk off the set of Adam Sandler 's `` The Ridiculous Six ''  `` When I began doing this film , I had an uneasy feeling inside of me and I felt so conflicted , '' one Navajo says .  `` Let me tell you , our dignity is not for sale , '' a Choctaw actor says .  `` Hey Adam , act
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title .  Their score of 94.196 narrowly misses their own world record in the sport .  Switzerland 's Steve Guerdat wins the Longines World Cup in Las Vegas at the 10th attempt .  Irish showjumper Bertram Allen takes bronze at the age of 19 .
Karni Bt . Medi Tarsim , 37 , was sentenced to death in March 2013 for killing her employer 's four-year-old child .  She was the second Indonesian domestic worker executed by the Saudis this week , following the death of Siti Zaenab Bt . Duhri Rupa on Tuesday .  Indonesia says in many cases its efforts had worked , from July 2011 to March this year , it said
`` In the past century , our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , '' the Pope says .  `` The first , which is widely considered ` the first genocide of the 20th century , ' struck your own Armenian people , '' he says .  Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for `` consultations '' hours after Francis ` comments .  Turkey 's
George Davon Kennedy has been arrested in the case of a gang rape in Panama City Beach .  He is from Murfreesboro , Tennessee , and has been a student at Middle Tennessee State University .  Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators .  A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped in broad daylight as bystanders watched .
Twisted Sister 's 2016 tour will be its last .  The band will play with a new drummer , Mike Portnoy of Adrenaline Mob .  Portnoy replaces A.J. . Pero , who died March 20 .
The Israeli military conducted airstrikes in the occupied Golan Heights .  Four militants allegedly tried to plant a bomb on the Israeli border .  Three of the alleged attackers were killed , Israeli media reported .
Frida Ghitis : There is a special kind of hell reserved for women who fall into the clutches of today 's Jihadi fighters .  She says the treatment of their female victims plays an important part in ISIS ` radical strategy .  She says it 's part of the larger plan of building a `` caliphate , '' a Sharia-ruled state with controls and norms .  She says women are
`` Lauren 's message was constantly positive , '' Mount St . Joseph University 's president says .  `` I have learned to see the blessings in every moment and through every struggle , '' says Mount St . Joseph University head coach Dan Benjamin .  Hill died early Friday after battling brain cancer .  Hill would go on to help raise $ 1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with
Thieves appeared to have gained access to Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd 's vault , police say .  They used a drill to bore through a 6-foot-thick wall and gain access to the safe deposit boxes , they say .  Police say there is no sign of forced entry to the building , `` whether that involves inside knowledge will form part of the investigation ''  A former police official
AC / DC drummer Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs .  Rudd was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis .  The 60-year-old Australian could face up to seven years in prison .
`` Odin was my first best gift I -LRB- will -RRB- ever receive , '' his mother says .  `` I ` m sorry for where I stand today but I know that all the time I had with him was special and he 'll always be with me , '' he says .  Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison for killing Odin Lloyd , 27 , in
Saudi airstrikes target rebel positions in three parts of Sanaa , two Yemeni Defense Ministry officials say .  The strikes cause no casualties , but destroy all three military compounds , officials say .  Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners started pounding Houthi positions across Yemen starting on March 26 .  The Saudis say they want to wipe out the Iranian-allied rebel group that overthrew the Yemeni government .  The
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma .  The actress said smoking marijuana is `` good medicine '' for relieving the pressure in her eyes .  Barr defended her use of pot , saying , `` It 's expansive . It opens your mind ''
Mike Downey : It seems almost silly to be writing about baseball in the context of recent events .  He says the death of Freddie Gray , who died last week from a spinal cord injury .  He says MLB 's decision to postpone Saturday 's game between the Orioles and the Red Sox was not without precedent .  He says our deep investment in our teams is supposed to
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility `` to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes ''  A lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes claims they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in NCAA history .  `` They seem to talk out of both sides of their mouths , '' a former athletic-academic director says .  `` This case
Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty if found guilty .  Sen . Rand Paul is expected to hit the campaign trail in New Hampshire , South Carolina , Iowa and Nevada .  Ferguson , Missouri , voters will head to the polls in a surprising runoff between Rahm Emanuel and Jesus `` Chuy '' Garcia .
A 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods for more than four days , police say .  He was left with only a blanket and a Bible in Cobbs Creeks Park , a police lieutenant says .  `` To see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that , '' he says
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree , university officials say .  The student is no longer on campus and will face student conduct review .  The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .
Dawn Milosky , 45 , of Beachwood , New Jersey , was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center .  She is charged with driving while intoxicated , reckless driving and failure to stay in her lane .
Brett McGurk : ISIS is a problem that is `` off the charts historically '' and has sent the U.S. . into `` uncharted territory ''  `` We ` re in unchartered territory here , '' he said in an exclusive interview with CNN .  He did not rule out expanding U.S. . military action beyond Iraq and Syria to combat the growing regional threat .  The U.S. . has
`` Everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power , '' one protester says .  Shell says the boarding is illegal and jeopardizes the safety of the activists and crew .  Greenpeace is furious over a decision by U.S. . authorities to suspend drilling leases in the Chukchi Sea .  The activists are from Australia , Austria , Germany , New Zealand and Sweden .
`` Kurt Cobain : Montage of Heck '' is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt .  Frances Bean , 22 , is executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life .  `` I do n't want the mythology of Kurt or romanticism , '' she says .  `` Even though Kurt died in the most horrific way possible , there is this mythology and romanticism that surrounds him
Searchers have covered about 60 % of the priority search zone without reporting any trace .  If they have n't found anything by the time they ` ve covered the 60,000-square-kilometer priority zone , the search will stretch .  The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May .  The size of the doubled search area would be bigger than the U.S. . state of
Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions on a website called the thedemocracyclub . org .  `` The point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC , '' Hughes wrote in an online post titled `` Your Pilot ''  `` There 's no need to worry -- I ` m just delivering the mail , '' he wrote in the post .  Hughes had letters for every member of
`` The decisions Mr . West made put his life in grave jeopardy , '' a clergyman says .  John Moynihan , 34 , is a former U.S. . Army Ranger who was honored at the White House for his heroism in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing .  `` His condition is best described as serious but improving , '' Boston police say .  `` clearly unprovoked ,
The group , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested Sunday .  `` They were not confused young men , '' the U.S. . Attorney says .  Recruiting for the ISIS terrorist network is a problem in Minnesota 's community of Somali immigrants .
20 years ago , Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in Oklahoma City .  Frida Ghitis : The Oklahoma City bombing exposed a new : U.S. . citizens targeting their own government .  She says the FBI 's annual report on terrorism had given short shrift to right-wing extremists .
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claims responsibility for the attack .  The group is an anti-Iranian group , according to Pakistani media .  The Pakistani government condemns the attack , calling it an `` act of terrorism ''
Africa 's rich are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent , with sales of high-end products growing by a third between 2008 and 2013 .  Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors , benefiting from local knowledge but still retain a significant amount of control over how their name is marketed .  `` Africa is one of the fastest growing regions in terms of middle
Three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson , Missouri , on Tuesday and Wednesday .  The two victims were in the neck and another was shot in the leg , a city spokesman says .  Police are not sure if the shootings are linked to the protest or not , a spokesman says .  The unrest carried on until about 3 a . m . and three police
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the deal is `` an informal arrangement ''  One Australian lawmaker reportedly describes the move as `` dancing with the devil ''  Bishop is the first Australian government minister to visit Iran in 12 years .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .  Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached .  The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $ 1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $ 11,000 .  Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of the
`` Monty Python and the Holy Grail '' is probably the loosest and most Python-esque of the Python oeuvre .  As a repository for some of Python 's best gags , it remains perhaps the best -LRB- and certainly most quotable -RRB- of the bunch .  The movie , a spoof of the Arthurian legend , did not start auspiciously , says Gene Seymour .  Seymour : `` It 's
Zhou Yongkang , 72 , is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges .  He was a member of the ruling Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee -- China 's top decision-making body .  At the height of his power , Zhou controlled police forces , spy agencies , court systems and prosecution offices across China .  His alleged actions have caused heavy losses to public
Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month 's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations .  `` The decision is connected with North Korean domestic affairs , '' a Kremlin spokesman says .  It would have been Kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting North Korea 's leadership .
The University of Nebraska at Omaha has teamed up with taco shop to shoot tacos into the stands .  # tacocannon is the No . 1 trending topic on Wednesday .
The U.S. . and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran on Thursday .  Frida Ghitis : Expect pushback anyway , if the recent past is any harbinger .  She says some members of Congress have implied that the negotiations have been between only the U.S. . and Iran .  She says if the deal is rejected by Congress , it could result in an unraveling
`` We shut down not out of fear , but for solidarity , '' co-owner Amanda Rothschild says .  `` You ca n't have a celebration without food , '' says Mike Dobson of Charmington 's cafe in Baltimore .  `` I have witnessed police brutality . I was roughed up by police before , '' Dobson says .  Some businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support
`` No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks , '' the government says .  Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants .  The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans .
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24 .  Frida Ghitis : Too often and for too long , people with mental illness have been regarded as disasters waiting to happen .  We need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing , she says .  We have to put policies in place that encourage more openness without the severe
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke started Memories Gourmet Pizza Co . in Wisconsin two years ago .  But this week , people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton , Indiana .  `` If I ` m ever in the area , I 'll be sure to starve to death before I give you and you intolerance any of my money , '' one commenter wrote on Facebook .
Maggie Doyne left her New Jersey hometown to travel the world 10 years ago .  Doyne met a young girl who wanted to find her family in Nepal and helped with refugees .  Doyne bought land in Surkhet , a district in western Nepal , to build a children 's home .  Today , Kopila Valley Children 's Home is home to about 50 children , from infants to teenagers
The Solar Impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in China for two weeks .  Pilots Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg are just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover 35,000 kilometers -LRB- 21,748 miles -RRB- over five months .  The single-seater aircraft , which took off from Abu Dhabi on March 9 , has successfully flown through Oman , India , and Myanmar .
`` The Pope coming here , maybe he could ... make more positive ways for Cubans , '' a Cuban-American says .  `` We are waiting for him . We ` re very happy he is coming , '' says a man who sells brightly colored paintings of antique cars to tourists .  `` He should come and get to know it and walk around the pretty spots in Havana
Photographer Andres Figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals in the Atacama Desert .  In his `` Dancers of the Deserts '' series , he chronicles these festivals , which attract about 200,000 people .  `` I have always wanted to see the desert . Even though I am not very religious , I ` ve always been curious about their traditions , '' he says .
South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol 's wreck `` as soon as possible ''  Divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage , bringing the dead home .  Park Eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter , Huh Da-yun .  `` I cannot think about anything except to find my daughter and other missing people , ''
As of today , 70 % of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess .  Peggy Drexler : The great British High Street is salivating at the prospect of a baby girl .  She says there is a far greater historical significance should a girl arrive .  Drexlers : As the daughter of the second-in-line to the
Mui Thomas , 22 , was born with Harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales .  Mui 's struggle to come to terms with her condition has , at times , left her on the brink of suicide .  She has a full-time job , plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker .  Mui was adopted
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States .  No arrests have been made .  It 's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational .
Danny Cevallos : Video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott defies any reasonable explanation .  He says there is another camera that might have prevented the entire tragedy .  He says body cameras are expensive to deploy , and storing massive amounts of data creates costs .  He says we need to ask ourselves : What 's the value of a human life ? Certainly it
The James Webb Space Telescope -LRB- JWST -RRB- is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe .  The new telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters -LRB- about 270 square feet -RRB- -- and a golf ball of gold -LRB- about 48 grams or 1.7 ounces -RRB- to optimize it for infra-red light .  Scientists hope the telescope will be
Japan 's space agency announced this week that it would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon .  The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies .  JAXA has also put a probe on an asteroid , which returned to Earth in 2010 .
`` You ` re going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded , and you ' re not going to be able to breathe , '' Larry Johnson says .  `` It was like being trapped and you could n't do anything . You have no control over it . Your body just felt pressured , '' Johnson says .  The FAA initially reported a pressurization problem with SkyWest Flight
Kim Bok-dong was a 14-year-old girl when the Japanese came to her village in Korea .  She says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort .  Instead of going to a sewing factory , she ended up in Japanese military brothels .  She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl
Daniel Boykin , 33 , pleaded guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and computer act .  Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin 's phone and computer .  Boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began .
Sonit Awal was just four months old when he was pulled from the rubble of the April 25 quake .  His face is covered in dust from the debris that crashed around him .  More than 5,000 people were killed and at least twice as many more were injured .
A hooded figure with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed .  The figure , painted black in mourning for the family , has wings because it 's going to heaven , Hyman says .  A protester with the Black Lives Matter movement asked for permission to use his artwork in its demonstrations .  `` It was very emotionally moving . It
Saudi general says 1,200 airstrikes have been carried out since March 26 .  The raids aim to keep Houthis from moving toward southern Yemen .  The Yemeni Health Ministry says 385 civilians have been killed and 342 wounded .
`` We ` re putting our faith in God that justice will be served , and we can get some closure in this situation , '' Eric Harris ' brother says .  Robert Bates , 73 , was charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Courtney Harris .  Harris ` family says Bates paid big money to play a cop in his spare time .  `` It
Attacks against foreigners and their businesses rage on , killing at least six people this week .  This is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse `` rainbow '' nation .  Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said at a recent gathering that foreigners `` should pack their bags and go '' because they are taking jobs from citizens ,
Actress Alyssa Milano tweeted that Heathrow Airport confiscated breast milk she 'd pumped for her daughter .  The airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight .  A blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011 .
Michele Bachmann compared President Obama to co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525 .  `` Comparing this tragedy to anything is moronic and despicable , '' she wrote .
Frida Ghitis : It 's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria .  She says ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power .  In the long run , ISIS might very well find that its greatest foes lie within its so-called Caliphate , she says .  She says people do
`` Just Got Paid '' was a No . 1 hit on the U.S. . Billboard R & B chart .  Boy band ` NSYNC covered the song in the 2000 album .
Two guests were found dead in their stateroom on the ms Ryndam in Puerto Rico .  The ship left Tampa , Florida , on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise .
Two TSA officers have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport .  The scheme worked when a male TSA officer noticed a man he found attractive , police say .  The female officer would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger -- not a male -- was walking through .  That information would trigger a machine to register anomaly in the groin area
Kenyans use social media to share the victims ` stories , hopes and dreams .  The hashtag # 147notjustanumber is a reference to the number of people killed at Garissa University College .  The attack in Kenya killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .  It was the nation 's deadliest since the bombing of the U.S. . Embassy in 1998 .
Tulsa deputy accidentally shoots suspect with gun during arrest .  Robert Bates , 73 , was trying to arrest suspect Eric Courtney Harris , 44 .  Harris admitted to medics that he may have been under the influence of a street drug .
FBI agents and six government vehicles were chasing an armed robbery suspect .  Kevone Charleston , 36 , is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013 .  Two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured .
The former NFL player and convicted murderer will be sent to Massachusetts ` flagship maximum-security prison .  The Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center is one of the most high-tech jails in the United States .  Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once .  `` We will figure out where he belongs in the population once the processing of Aaron Hernandez is complete , '' a prison spokesman
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake : `` I have no interest in hiding information ''  `` He was dragged a bit , but then you did n't ask for medical attention , '' she says .  `` We wo n't stop , '' one man shouted into a megaphone ; `` We have the power ''  Earlier in the day , police released the names of six officers suspended with pay
Detective suspended after being accused of stealing $ 3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid .  Surveillance video appears to show Det . Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag .  The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes .
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe 's project `` Toy Soldiers '' uses the desert of Western Sahara as a backdrop for soldiers posing as plastic figurines .  The soldiers are with the Polisario Front , an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco .
U.N. . - sponsored talks should resume `` but only after a complete halt of attacks , '' Houthi spokesman says .  Houthis release Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi , a senior Saudi source says .  Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government , a key U.S. . ally in the fight against al Qaeda .  The Saudis launched airstrikes on Houtti positions across Yemen starting on March
The # FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week .  The challenge is in response to recent cuts to food stamps .
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo to members of the Justice Department .  `` The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department , '' he says .  The directive comes a few weeks after a report found DEA agents attended sex parties with prostitutes .
Adrianne Haslet-Davis : `` I saw all five of my toes , but I saw a lot of blood , '' and `` I did n't see my ankle ''  `` I said I was in a terrorist attack at the Boston Marathon and Adam is dead and this might be it for me , '' she says .  Her husband , Adam Davis , has since `` bravely admitted
A Japan Railway maglev train hits 603 kilometers per hour -LRB- 374 miles per hour -RRB- .  That 's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences .  Witnesses erupt with excitement when the new record is set .  The train is trying to figure out the best operational speed for a planned route between Tokyo and Nagoya .
Etan Patz 's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children .  A bodega worker named Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago , but his lawyers said he made up his account of the crime .  In November , a New York judge ruled that Hernandez 's confession and waiving of his Miranda rights were legal , making the confession admissible in court .  Etan
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix .  Mercedes driver beats Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second .  Sebastian Vettel will start in third after winning the Malaysian GP .
Common has closed a deal to join the cast of `` Suicide Squad ''  Warner Bros . and DC Entertainment are all units of Time Warner .  There will be cameos from Jesse Eisenberg who plays Lex Luthor and Ben Affleck as Batman in `` Batman v Superman ''
Police chief : `` I was sickened by what I saw and I have not watched it since ''  Officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott .  Scott , 50 , was pulled over Saturday for a broken taillight , police say .
Chad Bernstein 's nonprofit , Guitars Over Guns , pairs middle-school students with professional musicians .  Since 2008 , the group has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County .  Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 .  He 's gone on to play and record with such musical greats as Shakira , Pharrell , Jennifer Hudson and Pitbull .
More than 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes , UNICEF says .  More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence , it says .  The abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago captured global attention .  `` They have the right to get their childhoods back , '' it says .
Brynn Duncan , 21 , was diagnosed with IBS , or irritable bowel syndrome , at the age of 11 .  When she was 16 , she had her first serious allergic reaction .  `` I just get this overwhelming sense of -- they call it impending doom , '' Brynn says .  `` The meds we have to give her to keep her alive , she reacts to ,
The five members of China 's Women 's Rights Action Group were detained last month .  They will be under police surveillance for a year .  `` Free the five '' became a Twitter hashtag .
Photographer Carolina Sandretto captures Cubans living in `` solares , '' the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate .  After Fidel Castro 's 1959 revolution , houses and apartments were redistributed throughout Cuba .  Cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and re-dividing up homes to make room .  `` It ends up to be a very interesting habitat , '' she said . `` It creates a
Marion `` Suge '' Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder , other charges .  He is accused of running over two men , killing one of them , during an argument on a movie set .  Knight faces up to life in prison if convicted .  He collapsed in court last month after learning of the $ 25 million bail and was taken to the hospital for treatment
David Gergen : Americans mark 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln 's death this week .  He says Lincoln , whose two greatest legacies-indivisible union and emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots .  He says he knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded land of corn from the land of cotton .  He says the Union is older than any of the States ; and in fact , it
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces .  He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions .  Harry is known in the British Army as `` Captain Harry Wales ''
SpaceX plans to launch Tuesday at 4 : 10 p . m . ET .  The company hopes to land a rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft .  The company has previously said the odds of a successful landing are about 50 % .  This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station .
Countries around the world have launched massive aid operations to help victims of the Nepal earthquake .  Dispute over distribution of humanitarian aid faces challenges as Nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster .  Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid .  Relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of
Robert Lewis Burns Jr . was the original drummer in Lynyrd Skynyrd .  He died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville , Georgia .  `` He was not restrained at the time of the crash , '' a spokesman says .
South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz has created a microscopic polymer sculpture called Trust .  The 45-year-old 's `` Nano-sculptures '' are made from a mysterious resin and created through a process called `` two-photon lithography ''  He uses beams of ultraviolet light to `` zap '' solid the liquid resin , one 3D pixel at a time .  He has also created a statue depicting the myth of Cupid and
Tulsa World : Some supervisors at the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office were told to forge Robert Bates ` training records .  Three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties , the Tulsa World reports .  The sheriff 's office denies the allegations in the report and declines a CNN interview to respond to the claims .  `` I do n't put a lot of stock in that report
`` I am lucky to be alive , because I jumped through the fence with other students , '' one survivor says .  At one point , they burst into a room where Christians had gathered and took hostages .  `` They shot anybody they came across -- except their Fellow , the Muslims , '' a lecturer says .  The attackers separated the students by religion and allowed Muslims
Adult coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out , work-addled adults .  `` Secret Garden : An Inky Treasure Hunt & Coloring Book '' is now at No . 3 on Amazon .  `` The Mindfulness Colouring Book : Anti-stress Art Therapy for Busy People '' by Emma Farrarons is No . 8 on Amazon 's bestselling books list .  `` Color Me Calm '' is a U.S. . art
The dress was worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O ` Hara in `` Gone With the Wind ''  It was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills , California , on Saturday .
NASA 's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto .  The probe is due to make its closest approach on July 14 .
`` A big ship creating a big wave ... they lost balance , '' a U.N. . official says .  A U.N. . official says the ship may have been touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid .  A company that manages the King Jacob denies that the cargo ship caused the boat to capsize .  A U.N. . official says she and her colleagues
A jury of Rolling Stone 's media peers has dissected the magazine 's disastrous , discredited story .  Peggy Drexler : It 's a mistake to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not .  She says it 's not the first time the magazine has sloppy and blunders amount to journalistic malpractice .  `` A Rape on Campus , '' was pulled from the Rolling Stone website ,
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique lingerie line .  The campaign is titled # ImNoAngel .  It is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria 's Secret and its Angels line .
`` He was a person of humility , integrity , and compassion , '' military veteran Kyle Upham says .  Walker 's co-star Vin Diesel : `` This movie is more than a movie ''  `` It 's like losing a friend or a really close family member ... even though he is an actor ''
Kim Kardashian , sister Khloe visited Armenia on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the Genocide .  On April 24 , Pope Francis called `` the first genocide of the 20th century ''
Dean Obeidallah : We set Baltimore on fire , let the violence stand for everything we already did n't like .  He says the word `` we '' is one of the great American words . We are People .  He says we created a culture of such deep distrust and disrespect that violence seemed the inevitable response .  He says every time protests break out in response to police
Writers : Obama administration 's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon reduction plan .  Writers : Nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our electricity .  They say EPA credits nuclear power in its models of both emissions and plan implementation .  Writers : EPA 's model shows emission reductions while real world emissions actually increase .
Louis Jordan , 37 , took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and had n't been heard from in 66 days .  `` I thought I lost you , '' the relieved father says of his son , who is an inexperienced sailor .  `` He 's got very strong constitution and -LRB- is strong -RRB- not only physically , but spiritually , '' Frank Jordan says .  Jordan
Sabeen Mahmud became a Pakistani figurehead for humanism , love and tolerance .  `` She took that torch into the dark forest and so many people followed , '' says close friend and BBC journalist Ziad Zafar .  `` She was the bravest woman in the world , she really was , she was a brave heart ; my God , she is a brave , brave girl , ''
Police in India are buying four drones and is in the process of buying one more .  The aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray .  Views on the new measure are mixed , with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech .
Canadian fighter jets strike near ISIS ` de facto capital of Raqqa , Canada says .  Canadian forces are part of the U.S. . - led coalition trying to stem the extremist group 's advances .  U.S. . warplanes have been bombing ISIS positions in Iraq since November .
Duke University students and faculty members chant `` We are not afraid . We stand together ''  Photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community .  The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .
Mohamed Mohamud is suspected of being the `` mastermind '' behind the deadly attack at a Kenyan university .  He taught at the religious school in Garissa , a town in northeastern Kenya .  Authorities say he is now in command of an Al-Shabaab militia near the border with Somalia .  The group is believed to be responsible for numerous cross-border attacks into Kenya .  `` This man is a
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury at 3 : 26 p . m . EDT .  The crash was n't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury .  It was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun .
April is National Get Tested Month , and there are many lab tests to order on yourself .  Aaron Carroll : Private sector is gearing up to serve the `` test me '' market .  It 's hard for us to make people feel better , but it 's not that hard to make them feel worse .  He says research shows there are real side-effects to testing the well
Police say there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty , 47 .  The grandson of oil tycoon J . Paul Getty had `` several health issues , '' police say .  Some medication had also been recovered from Getty 's home .
Dean Obeidallah : Ben Affleck 's `` Finding Your Roots '' segment may have been a cover-up .  He says he did n't want a show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves ... I was embarrassed , `` he said on Facebook .  He says Gates should have shown the courage to stay in an uncomfortable place if he wanted to tackle slavery in his own
More than 8,480 migrants were rescued from the Mediterranean from Friday to Monday .  The Italian coast guard received SOS calls from 20 boats in distress on Monday .  Save the Children fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors .  There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy .  Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa
`` The idea of your nice little green grass getting lots of water every day , that 's going to be a thing of the past , '' Gov . Jerry Brown says .  `` This historic drought demands unprecedented action , '' Brown says .  The reduction does not apply to the agriculture industry , except for the requirement that it report more information on its groundwater use .
The suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank .  At least 33 people were killed and more than 100 injured .  The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh says .  `` The explosion in Jalalabad does n't have anything to do with us , '' a Taliban spokesman says .  Fears about ISIS
`` I ca n't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying , '' says a woman in Nakuru , hundreds of miles from Garissa .  `` They were just children . They were trying to make a better life for themselves , '' one woman says .  `` We are trying to avoid remembering these people as just a number , '' an organizer says .  ``
World 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week 's World Cup Finals .  Event organizers say more than 80,000 fans will attend the event , which boasts an $ 8 million budget .  `` It 's like a Wrigley Field feel , '' says one of the Vegas organizers , describing how the bowl of the arena will seat spectators unusually close to the
Officer Michael Rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the suspect .  The Marana Police Department has defended the officer , saying deadly force was warranted .  Valencia faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day .
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria 's Ondo state since April 13 .  The disease does not appear to be contagious , health officials say .  Symptoms include headaches , blurred vision , loss of sight and unconsciousness .
Tommy Schaefer , 21 , and Heather Mack , 19 , were found guilty of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack in August .  The American helped her boyfriend stuff her mother 's body into a suitcase at an upmarket hotel in Bali .  Schaafer had claimed he killed his girlfriend 's mother in self-defense after an argument over their relationship .  Mack told the court her mother had threatened to kill
Iran 's nuclear deal will paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June .  President Hassan Rouhani 's team has done nothing to improve the living conditions of ordinary Iranians .  Many believe that now there is a joint comprehensive plan of action -- the culmination of a 12-year process -- there is something to hope for .  In many respects , it 's a new
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50 of which risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources .  The UNESCO-listed Basilica of Assisi , where St . Frances ` tomb lies , is just the last of a series of national shames .  Crowdfunding has already saved Bologna 's San Luca Portico , and a few visionary
Russia expects North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations .  Kim will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit , Tass reports .  This would be Kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011 .  Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union 's victory over Nazi
`` We will not sign any deal unless economic sanctions against Iran are lifted all at once , '' President Hassan Rouhani says .  Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he 's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it is n't final .  `` The other side , which is known for backpedaling on its commitments , may want to corner our country when it comes to the specifics
This page includes the show Transcript .  Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call .  The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ` knowledge of
A car bomb explodes near a police station in Al-Arish , Egypt 's capital of North Sinai .  An ISIS affiliate , Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis , claims responsibility for the attack .  The attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions .  Hundreds of police and soldiers , as well as civilians , have been killed in militant attacks in the past months .
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion on climate change this week .  Aaron Carroll : `` No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change , '' the President said .  Carroll : Obama is trying to reframe the discussion around climate change as a public health issue that affects all of us .  He says we do n't fully understand the correlation between temperatures
Frida Ghitis : Christians need to reflect on the crucifixion , beheading , stoning , enforced slavery .  She says Iraq , Syria , Pakistan , India , Egypt , Kenya and Nigeria have all been targeted by religious extremists .  She says it 's not an exaggerated or contrived crisis ; Christians are united in an `` ecumenism of blood ''  She says Christians in other nations are also
`` The Meatrix : Relaunched '' is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement .  A decade ago , concepts like `` sustainable farming , '' `` animal welfare '' and `` organic food '' were considered fringe .  David Frum : Factory farms reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting air and water resources , and damaging the public 's health .  He
Tokyo Electric Power Company deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week .  It detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected .  The first robot , which was sent in on April 10 , stalled after moving about 10 meters .  TEPCO says the yellow seen on the images seemed to suggest a discoloration of the grating .
Roxanne Jones : I stopped praying the day after my brother , Jimmy , died of cancer .  Jones : Since Pope Francis , I ` ve considered myself a lapsed Catholic .  She says there is something about Francis that 's reawakened my faith . He 's in tune with the Lord .  She says he defies tradition , washes the feet of the disabled , women and those
President Obama 's trip to Panama for a regional summit will be one of the biggest issues of the week .  One of the big questions is whether he 'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with Cuban leader Raul Castro .  A carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce Hillary Clinton -- with an emphasis on her childhood and her earlier work on children 's issues .  `` When they
Misao Okawa was born on March 5,1898 .  She left behind three children , four grandchildren and six great grandchildren .
Novidenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor 's No . 2 .  Belize 's Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 .  Only two more of 2014 's top 10 islands appear on the global list .
Danny Cevallos : Columbia 's `` institutional failure '' at Rolling Stone resulted in a deeply flawed article .  He says there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation case .  He says UVA , Phi Kappa Psi or any of the other fraternities on campus can sue for defamations .  He says a private plaintiff must show that the statements were `` of or
The company is shutting down the Broken Arrow , Oklahoma , plant `` out of an abundance of caution ''  It is the third time Blue Bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a Kansas hospital .  Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the plant .  Five people were infected and three died in the past year in Kansas
`` This is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community , '' Charleston mayor says .  Scott family attorney says the man with Scott was a co-worker and friend .  Michael Slager has been fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted on a murder charge .  Scott 's lawyer says he `` has not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has
`` He was a great Dad and a great man of God , '' his daughter-in-law says .  The Rev . Robert H . Schuller was a televangelist and founder of the television ministry `` Hour of Power ''  He was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013 , his family says .  He sold a softer , gentler message , which borrowed heavily from the father of the feel-good
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country 's shrinking workforce .  They ` re appearing in stores , banks and soon even hotels .  `` Pepper '' is a humanoid robot that `` chats '' with customers .  A humanoid has human-like characteristics such as arms , legs and a head -- but is designed to look like a robot
Wednesday 's issue of `` All-New X-Men '' reveals Bobby Drake , aka Iceman , is gay .  `` This is just the first little chapter of a much larger story that will be told , '' says writer Brian Michael Bendis .  Bendis : `` I swear on my dogs , i wanted the issue to come out and just be . no press . no sensational headlines ''
President Obama and Cuban counterpart Raul Castro met at a dinner for the Summit of the Americas .  The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years .  Obama spoke by phone Wednesday with the Cuban leader before heading to Panama City .  Obama is expected to announce he 's removing Cuba from the U.S. . ` list of countries that sponsor
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of `` Twin Peaks ''  The offbeat TV series was set to return in 2016 .  Lynch said he had called the actors over the weekend to tell them he would no longer be directing .  Showtime Network , which will air the nine-episode comeback , said they were `` saddened '' by Lynch 's decision .  Kyle MacLachlan
Daisy Bentley , a 23-year-old London-based artist , has been collecting notes for six years .  The collection includes shopping lists , reminders , requests , love notes and motivational musings .  The collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London 's Hackney Wick .  Bentley says it is part of human nature to hold on to items , no matter how small or insignificant they
Blue Bell recalls all its ice cream , frozen yogurt , sherbet and other frozen treats .  The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in children , the elderly and others .  Three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill , the CDC says .  `` The fact that it was the same strain over the last
`` When you think you ` re high and mighty ... you do n't have to answer to nobody , '' he says .  Anthony Ray Hinton , 58 , was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two fast-food restaurant managers .  A new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified that the revolver Hinton was said to have used in the crimes could n't be
Passengers were mostly Indian nationals , plus Yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in Sanaa .  The stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers ` faces .  India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen over the last few days .  Some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as Aden .  `` Gunshots being fired every minute . Sometimes
Remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for will be exhumed this year .  The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7,1941 .  Thirty-five crew members were positively identified and buried in the years immediately after the attack .  In 2003 , five more service members were identified .
Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries .  For the first time since 1962 , the U.S. . has not blocked Cuba 's attempt to join the Summit of the Americas .  Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama , arriving with more than 100 government officials , diplomats , small business people and artists .  `` We
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 310,000 people have died since civil war broke out .  A year earlier , the U.N. . put the death toll at 70,000 .  The number of Syrians in need of life-saving aid , according to the U.N. .
About 23 1 / 2 inches -LRB- 60 centimeters -RRB- of ash fell in some places .  Authorities issued a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas .  A 12-mile exclusion zone was established around the crater .
Anamarie Shreeves , 26 , composts , makes her own shampoo , toothpaste and even uses reusable feminine products .  She does n't use plastic packaging , new clothing , metal cans , or gas .  She 's the site manager for Keep Atlanta Beautiful , a non-profit that promotes zero-waste living .  `` The average person throws away a ton of trash a year , '' she says .
A Texas A & M professor threatened to fail his entire class .  Irwin Horwitz wrote an email to his students accusing them of `` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting ''  `` I will stand by what I did , but I ` m not career suicidal , '' he said .  `` I am frankly and completely disgusted ''
Many of Nepal 's most renowned pagodas , stupas and shrines crumbled into rubble-covered stumps when the quake hit .  But the Kathmandu Valley 's other pagoda , stipas and shrine -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago -- suffered surprisingly little damage .  The two temples were obliterated and the scene comprises pathetic piles of rubble , a bulldozer shoveling a path for vehicles and
China 's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week , the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels .  Showizers hope the scantily-clad `` car babes '' that in previous years have posed provocatively on car hoods and sashayed through aisles .  The focus of the 9-day event is the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers .  Vehicle sales in China totaled
Donna Brazile : Department of Justice will negotiate with Ferguson to restructure police department .  She says DOJ review of Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by protests and activism .  She says police department preyed disproportionately on African-American citizens .  Brazile says police chief resigned weeks ago after months of astonishing incompetence , inexplicably eluded scrutiny .  She says two new black city council members elected Tuesday , now council
NEW : Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday 's demonstrations .  In NYC , protesters chant `` All night , all day , we ` re gonna fight for Freddie Gray ''  In Washington , 500 protesters , mostly in their 20s , gathered in the middle of H Street and 7th Street .  # BlackLivesMatter is a group that has held protests in the past in response to
Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the presidential race for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination .  The Texas senator hit the trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate last week .  He 's counting on Iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base , to propel him forward in what 's expected to be a tough competition among a crowded field of
Frida Ghitis : Mohammad Javad Zarif has gone a long way to bring Iran in from the cold .  She says he has been U.S. . Secretary of State John Kerry 's opposite number in securing breakthrough in nuclear discussions .  She says there are some facts about him that are less well-known .  She says in September 2013 , he tweeted `` Happy Rosh Hashanah , '' referring to
`` Arrested Development '' will return for a fifth season .  It was not yet known if the full cast will return .
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate .  An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK , CNN affiliate reports .  The men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted .
Former banker Rurik Jutting , 29 , is charged with two counts of murder in Hong Kong .  He allegedly lived at an upmarket apartment in the middle of an inner-city suburb .  Sumarti Ningsih , 25 , was killed on October 27 , five days before her body was found .  Her cousin describes her as `` just an ordinary woman from Indonesia '' who `` did not deserve
Robert Champion , 26 , died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual .  A medical examiner ruled Champion 's death a homicide .  15 defendants were charged originally , but most took plea deals .
The Palestinian Authority officially becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court .  The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories .  `` The world is also a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice , '' says Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki .  Acceding to the Rome Statute was just the first step for the Palestinians , a judge says
Officer Michael Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott .  A bystander 's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times .  The officer initially said that he used a Taser on Scott , who , Scott said , tried to take the weapon .  A witness who recorded the video says he did n't see Scott grab
Kate Parker 's series , `` Strong is the New Pretty , '' covers the last two years .  `` I want to capture them before they lose that sense of ` I ' m so awesome , '' she says .  `` They ` re just being themselves , and I 's just recording it , '' Parker says .  `` I wanted her to remember that she was
James Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in a trial that could last months .  Jurors will also be asked to consider events that occurred before and after the July 20,2012 , shooting .  Prosecution says it will seek the death penalty ; the prosecution has said it will ask for it .  Holmes faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges , but there
Jack White announces he 'll take a hiatus from touring .  The brief will hit `` the only five states left in the U.S. . that he has yet to play , '' White 's website says .  It 's unclear whether White includes his work with The White Stripes , The Raconteurs and Dead Weather in his touring history .
Roxanne Jones : Criminal justice reform is becoming one of the few bipartisan issues of our time .  Jones : America has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world 's population and 25 % of its prisoners .  Jones : Politicians should consider reducing nonviolent offenses from felonies to misdemeanors .  She says on the left , civil rights groups and allies in
Muna Mansour 's family is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen .  `` There 's nowhere to sleep , there 's no food , '' says Mansour , who is from Buffalo in upstate New York .  A group of U.S. . organizations have filed a lawsuit against the State Department and Defense Department .  They say sending in military assets could
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in Luxor , Egypt .  A widow at just 21 , Dahou was forced to fend for herself in Egypt 's patriarchal south , where decades ago it was unheard of for women to earn their own living .  `` If it was n't for my mother , I would have
Keonna Thomas , 30 , also known as `` Young Lioness '' and `` Fatayat Al Khilafah ''  She 's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges .
Lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins University and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala .  The subjects of the experiments were n't told they 'd been infected , the lawsuit says .  In 2012 , a class-action federal lawsuit was filed against the U.S. . government over the Guatemala experiments .  Bristol-Myers Squibb and Mead Johnson , the company that supplied drugs , are defendants .  Johns Hopkins
RDJ grew increasingly agitated as a Channel 4 interviewer asked about his private life .  Alice Barker went back in time with a prom-posal that referenced bombs .
`` Victims will be dying if we do n't have it , '' a doctor tweets .  The U.S. . government is providing $ 1 million in immediate assistance , the embassy says .  Pakistan sends a medical team , a 30-bed hospital and search-and-rescue experts .  Google India launches a person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on those missing and those who have been found
Avril Lavigne tells People magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease .  The Canadian singer says being ill was a `` wake-up call ''
Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage .  The split helped pave the way for the U.S. . Supreme Court to take up a case on Tuesday .  Critics call the opinion an outlier and do n't believe it will carry much weight .  `` Judge Sutton 's opinion stands alone , '' says legal director of Lambda Legal ,
Marco Rubio has announced he is running for the GOP presidential nomination .  Ruben Navarrette : He has been his own worst enemy on immigration reform and Cuba relations .  He says he 's embraced a typical conservative approach to immigration .
The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row .  They include Filipino maid Mary Jane Veloso and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .  `` The chances are slim but we ` re hoping for a miracle . That 's what we need , a miracle , '' sister says .  The 10 inmates , from Australia , France , Ghana , the
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men .  Abdurasul Hasanovich Juraboev , Akhror Saidakhmetov , and Abror Habibov have pleaded not guilty to providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .  The men are accused of planning to join ISIS and had purchased airline tickets to Turkey , court documents say .  A 30-year-old Uzbekistani citizen , police say `` helped organize and
Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. . Navy helicopter .  `` We think this might have been locally ordered , '' a U.S. . military official says .  The incident may have triggered a serious incident .  CNN has reached out to Iranian officials but has not received a response .
Rory McIlroy drops two shots late on to finish six under par at the Masters .  Jordan Spieth 's 15 birdies are just 10 away from Phil Mickelson 's Masters mark set in 2001 .  Tiger Woods still believes anything is possible on the final day of the 2015 Masters .  McIIlroy 's round of 32 is one of the best in golf 's history .  Justin Rose shoots four
Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein .  `` Jane Doe 3 '' was forced to have sex with several men when she was a teenager , a federal court filing alleged .  A Florida judge denied a motion by the alleged victims to join a lawsuit against the federal government .  The `` lurid details '' of alleged abuse were unnecessary
Protesters chant `` Out with Dilma '' and `` Time for change '' in Sao Paulo .  It 's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month .  Rousseff won re-election with just over 50 % of the votes in October .  Her approval rating plummeted to 13 % after protests began last month .
Saudi Arabia 's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels .  Militants on the Yemeni side fired on Saudi border troops , prompting them to return fire , SPA reports .  Houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden , a neutral official says .  U.S. . Navy warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the
Cassandra , 17 , is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments .  She was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September and doctors gave her an 85 % chance of survival .  A judge ordered her to be under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families .  A juvenile court judge denied a motion to let the teen go home ; the judge also
Judge : `` When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something 's wrong , something is usually wrong ''  Tamara Cotman , Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also ordered to serve seven years on probation , pay $ 10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service .  `` I ` m going to put myself out to pasture in the not-too-distant future ,
Scientists found the species in Costa Rica .  The last time a new glassfrog was found in the country was in 1973 .
South Korean Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign amid a growing political scandal .  Lee will stay in his official role until President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation .  Lee and seven other politicians with links to the South Korean President are under investigation .
Former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson 's abandoned mansion features a roller coaster .  Penn Jillette speaks to a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525 .
The death toll in Nepal is rising ; it has now surpassed more than 5,000 .  A handful of adventurers , trekkers and vacationers have not been heard from since the quake .  Ahmed Shadmann of Bangladesh reached out to his nation 's embassy in Nepal and posted pleas on social media .  Raisaa Tashnova , 25 , was with a group of friends at a spa-like resort near the
Eric Liu : Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg talked about S & M in oral arguments .  Liu : To argue that marriage has `` always been '' between a man and a woman is either willfully ignorant or woefully naïve .  Liu : Clarence Thomas , with one slight exception , has gone over nine years without a single inquiry from the bench .  Liu : Thomas ` marriage required
`` This is what we warned Baghdad of what 's going to happen , '' Falih Essawi tells CNN .  `` Where is Baghdad ? Where is al-Abadi ? '' he tells CNN from inside the city .  `` Just Allah knows if we will survive this , '' he says .  At least 150,000 people have already fled since Wednesday morning , the deputy head of the Anbar Provincial
Fireball is the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the U.S. . as measured by retail sales .  It 's only 66 proof , or 33 % alcohol -- than most whiskeys .  `` I ` ve known people who ca n't do shots , but they can do Fireball , '' says Zachary Jones , a bartender in Atlanta .  Whiskey enthusiasts say it does n't singe their throat and
Marvel 's `` Daredevil '' premiered on Netflix on Friday .  Charlie Cox plays blind attorney Matt Murdock .  The series is already a hit with fans .
Danny Cevallos : Supreme Court justices practice politics as much as law .  He says opposition has turned into majority support , especially among young people of all political persuasions .  He says Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers .  He says Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is a fervent supporter of abortion rights for women , but she has expressed reservations
`` A terrorist attack has been foiled , '' French President Francois Hollande says .  Prosecutor : Sid Ahmed Ghlam , 24 , was suspected of killing a 32-year-old woman hours earlier .  A search inside his home turned up more potentially key evidence , including 3 Kalashnikovs , bulletproof vests , police armbands , a camera , 2,000 euros in cash , prosecutor says .  The man was a
Marvel 's `` Avengers : Age of Ultron '' stars Jeremy Renner and Chris Evans apologize .  Evans said Black Widow is `` a slut '' and Evans said she is a `` complete whore ''
Ronald Williams , 21 , and A 15-year-old have been charged with assault .  The beating occurred on a MetroLink light rail train .
15 buffalo were shot and killed after a day on the loose in upstate New York .  The chase took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions .  `` They got spooked and they charged through our guys , '' the sheriff says .  `` There was no choice ; the animals had to be destroyed , '' he says .
NFL legend Deion Sanders Jr . tweeted that he only eats `` hood doughnuts ''  He reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line .  `` You ` re a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund . Stop the hood stuff ! '' Sanders said .
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show `` American Sniper ''  Some students believed the movie 's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East .  A counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider .
Richard Dysart played law firm leader Leland McKenzie on `` L.A. . Law ''  He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica , California .  He appeared in every episode of the show , which ran from 1986 to 1994 .
In 2013 , Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus ` cross .  Frida Ghitis : Could fragments of the true cross of Jesus really be among us today ? Or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe ?
Season 3 of `` The Americans '' is winding down .  `` Fresh Off the Boat '' is the first sitcom with an Asian-American cast since the 1990s .  `` Scorpion '' gets a second season .
`` Star Wars : Rogue One '' is scheduled to hit theaters December 16,2016 .  The movie will star Felicity Jones .  It was one of the final events at Star Wars Celebration .
Joy Womack left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia , aged 15 .  She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted into the company .  In 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked to pay $ 10,000 to dance in even small roles .  The dancer says
Six people were injured after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China .  The plant produces paraxylene -LRB- PX -RRB- , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics .  The explosion occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak .  Residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos of
`` Furious 7 '' earned a record-breaking $ 60 million internationally on Wednesday and Thursday .  It 's the largest opening in North America since fall 2013 .  Universal intended to open the film on July 11,2014 , but production was halted in November 2013 .
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her 13-year-old daughter , Stoni Ann Blair , and her then 9-old son , Stephen Gage Berry .  The bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on March 24 .  Investigators believe Stephen was scalded with hot water , beaten and strangled , according to CNN affiliate WDIV .
In Guatemala , nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed .  A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala .  The country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide , according to the U.N. .
Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on `` Everybody Loves Raymond ''  `` This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , '' his sister Madylin Sweeten says .
Marleni Olivo threw a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro .  Maduro says she will be given a new apartment in the next few hours .  Maduro 's critics are calling the incident a `` manguicidio , '' a play on the words `` mango '' and `` magnicidio ''
Giovanni Lo Porto was abducted and killed in Pakistan in January 2012 , according to Italian state media .  He was working with a German aid group dedicated to fighting hunger and poverty worldwide .  He was killed by a U.S. . drone strike two years later , a U.S. . official says .  `` I love the people , culture and food in this part of the world ,
Two people , one of them a licensed greyhound trainer , have been arrested in Australia .  At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush , according to Australian media reports .  Two Bundaberg residents are each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm .  The woman , a licensed trainer , is also charged with obstructing police .  `` The people who have
CNN affiliate BFMTV says one of its journalists `` mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside the Hyper Cacher ''  BFM says it regrets that the mention of this information could cause concern to the hostages ``
Many Australians are understandably appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .  Writers : Indonesia 's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states .  They say we can order people to be killed because-especially in democracies -- we authorize them to do so .  Writers : We can give no more significant power to another human being than to
Jake Tapper will take over `` State of the Union '' in June .  He 'll remain the channel 's chief Washington correspondent .  Tapper joined CNN from ABC in 2013 to anchor `` The Lead ''
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on using focused laser beams to affect the weather .  Just like cloud seeding , it can create new clouds where there are none , by inducing condensation .  At one terawatt , it has the same energy produced by all the nuclear power plants on Earth .  Once it 's perfected , it could help us modulate the weather in areas of high
Jordan Spieth becomes the second-youngest winner of the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday .  The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods ` 1997 record winning score of 18 under par .  `` I 'll have to bring her back a present from here . That 's what she 'll be expecting , '' he says of his autistic sister Ellie , who was not able to attend the tournament .  ``
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show ''  The musical will be directed , executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega .  The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film .  NBC recently announced plans to air a live version of The Wiz later this year .
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , a French police official says .  Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps .  The flight data recorder , or `` black box , '' was found Thursday .
`` My first bow kill , lol . The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it 's head ! '' the veterinarian wrote on Facebook .  `` No I did not lose my job . Lol . Psshh . Like someone would get rid of me . I ` m awesome ! ''  The clinic fired Lindsey , covered her name on its marquee with duct
The election could result in the handing of power from David Cameron 's Conservative government to the Labour Party .  Queen Elizabeth II is officially Britain 's head of state , but she 's only nominally in charge .  In presidential elections U.S. . vote in each state for `` electors , '' who support the candidate they want to lead the country .  In a UK parliamentary the vote
Syrians do n't need visas to get into Turkey , so Turkey it was .  Nader Nader : I would have done anything to get to Europe . It was worth the risk , the bad treatment and the fear , hard as that may be to believe .  Nader says he met a smuggler in Mersin , a port city on the southern border , and agreed to pay
Cynthia Lennon , born Cynthia Powell in 1939 , was a stabilizing force for the young John .  `` John was always insecure , '' she said in a 2005 interview , having lost his mother at a young age .  `` He was a rebel . He was outrageous . That was something I had n't experienced before the age that I was , which was about 16 or
The U.S. . says it has given America `` options '' for how it could react to Iran 's behavior .  The warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels .  President Obama tells MSNBC that the U.S. . has been clear in its messages to Tehran .  `` They are not there to intercept Iranian ships , '' the
A U.S. . soldier was killed in an attack in eastern Afghanistan by an Afghan National Army gunman , a U.S. . military official says .  A U.S. . official had just held a meeting with a provincial governor 's compound when gunfire erupted .  The U.S. . military official did n't know what motivated the shooting .  Other troops were injured in the attack , the U.S. . defense
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb near the U.S. . Consulate in Irbil .  The U.S. . Consulate was the target of the attack , ISIS says .  At least four people were killed and 18 injured , police said .  All U.S. . Consulate personnel were safe and accounted for , the U.S. . State Department says .
Study : `` The match between the ` Double Falsehood ' play and Shakespeare was a landslide . It was shockingly clear ''  `` We ` re certainly not suggesting that Theobald did n't make edits , '' says Ryan L . Boyd , a researcher at the University of Texas at Austin .  Boyd says he and colleague James W . Pennebaker analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare , nine
Frida Ghitis : Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen in name of `` restoring the legitimate government ''  She says Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country 's `` legitimate government , '' its constitution or electoral process .  U.S. . policy has adopted the Saudi-Gulf narrative on Yemen , effectively placing Saudi ambitions to control Yemen above previous U.S. . priorities .  She
Al-Furqan Media video shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black .  One group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea , while the other group is shot in Southern Libya .  `` Their blood is the purest blood because there is a nation behind them -LRB- which -RRB- inherits revenge , '' the narrator says in Arabic .  `` Our
David Cameron , Ed Miliband , Nick Clegg , Nigel Farage , Nicola Sturgeon , Leanne Wood , Plaid Cymru , no clear winner in opinion polls on UK election debate .  David Cameron is probably wise to have refused invitations to go head-to-head with Edliband alone in verbal fisticuffs , says Tim Stanley .  Stanley : Labour 's leader is a perfectly capable debater . He could only gain
WikiLeaks founder has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 .  Prosecutors want to question him about allegations he raped one woman and sexually molested another .  Assange has said he fears Sweden would extradite him to the United States .
In January , the NFL launched an investigation into the New England Patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided were underinflated .  The league hired attorney Ted Wells -- who also investigated the Miami Dolphins bullying scandal -- to run the investigation .  It 's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced .  `` We have
Four rainbows were spotted in the New York area on Tuesday .  `` I had a small moment of awe , '' the CEO of a fashion company says .  `` It 's been surreal I feel like we ` re breaking the Internet but in a really great way , '' she says .
Camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region .  CNN 's Richard Quest is the only Gulf national in the team .  Camel races are an ancient sport in the UAE .  The sport is moving with the times .  The camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy new cars for their owners .  The winning camel are paraded with pride , their heads
`` Downward Spiral : Inside the Case against Aaron Hernandez '' tonight at 9 p . m . ET .  Former Patriots owner Robert Kraft testifies Hernandez would usually greet him with a kiss and a hug .  Hernandez 's lawyers have been representing him since June 2013 .  He 's not unusual for his lawyers to slap him on his back and huddle before court begins , appearing at
Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah early Thursday .  At least 270 prisoners , a third of whom have al Qaeda links , were freed , officials said .  Dozens of attackers took control of government buildings , including the city 's Central Prison , bank and radio station .  Last month , hundreds of inmates escaped after clashes between Shiite Houthi
Donna Brazile : President Kennedy broke with his party to support climate change action .  She says we share an unwavering belief that the U.S. . must lead the world on climate change .  She says our knowledge of the causes and dangers of climate change has increased even as our ignorance of its ramifications has unfolded .  She says climate change is a chance for all of us to
Danny Cevallos : There has been outrage at the idea of sterilization as part of a plea deal .  He says the practice `` evokes a dark corner of American history , '' but this is n't quite that .  He says Supreme Court has never technically overruled a state 's sterilized law .  He says even if a punishment vciolates the Constitution , it is permissible , if you
`` Batman v . Superman : Dawn of Justice '' fan trailer gets a makeover .  18-year-old Bobby Burns did his own version using classic superhero footage .  Burns : `` I wanted to contrast the old with the new ''
Dr . Sanjay Gupta helped doctors perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room .  Selena Dohal , 8 , and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood .  `` She was badly crushed . The roof of the house was on her , '' neurosurgeon says .  Despite the suboptimal conditions , the operation is a success , Gupta says .  `` I ` ve
The total eclipse started at 3 : 16 a . m . Pacific Daylight Time .  It will only last four minutes and 43 seconds .  NASA says it 's the shortest one of the century .
According to a female businesswoman , Hillary Clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war .  Peggy Drexler : If she 's concerned about hormones , she 'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president .  She says studies show that women leaders take fewer unnecessary risks than their male counterparts .  She says a bias
LZ Granderson : As a 12-year-old girl in Miami , I did n't understand how people could injure and even kill others .  He says Miami riots of 1980 were first major `` race riots '' since wave of riots spread .  LZ : Images of young people all over the country propelled civil rights movement into national spotlight .
Jay Parini : I ` m horrified by the story of Lot in Genesis .  Lot is central character in the grim story of Sodom and Gomorrah 's demise in Chapter 19 .  `` Intimacies '' are meant to understand , account for Sodom 's wickedness , he says .  `` I truly do n't believe in a God that wipes out a town in general because of sexuality ,
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests against President Dilma Rousseff .  She is struggling with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal .  Investigators have launched an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company Petrobras .  Protesters have called for the President to be impeached .  She has defended Brazilians ` right to protest , but denied any prior
The headstone of Hillary Clinton 's father , Hugh Rodham , was found this week .  Police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over .  Funeral director says vandalism is the most-likely cause , not the weather .
Erika Langhart was just 24 years old when she died on Thanksgiving .  Erika 's boyfriend , Sean Coakley , found her collapsed on the floor at her Phoenix apartment .  `` I think she had a heart attack and then two more on the way to the hospital , and she never woke up , '' her father says .  Hospital records cited the NuvaRing as a risk factor
Frida Ghitis : Iran 's defiance to halt its nuclear program has defined Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's era .  She says Khameni 's refusal to end uranium enrichment activities has landed the country under crippling sanctions .  She says if Iran can finalize a deal by June with the U.S. . and its P5 + 1 partners , international investors , including Americans , would be able to invest in
The U.S. . Religious Freedom Restoration Act became law in 1993 .  It prohibits the federal government from `` substantially burdening '' a person 's exercise of religion .  So far , 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law , and the legal controversies have grown , too .  In 2006 , Robert Soto and Michael Russell attended an American Indian powwow in violation of the federal
`` The Blob '' is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific .  It 's 1,000 miles long , 1,00 miles wide and 100 yards deep in 2014 .  The blob has been warmer by about 5.5 degrees , a significant rise .  A high-pressure ridge over the West Coast has calmed ocean waters for two winters .  Some marine species are exploring the warmer waters ,
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week .  In practice , it means official eating / drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues .  For Koreans , drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like .  Drinking is such a big part of Korean life that Seoul traffic is said to correspond
`` This is a sad and terrible day in Egyptian history , '' his Freedom and Justice Party says .  `` We wish we could see the trial of a regime when it is in power , not after that , '' a lawyer says .  `` Sentencing the president wo n't pass , '' says a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman .  `` The revolution will be ignited , popular anger
A successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway .  The U.S. . has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change .  The U.S. . administration unveiled details about its proposal to reduce U.S. . greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 .
Chris Rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks .  Now , he 's stirring things up again with a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops .  Actor Isaiah Washington urged Rock to `` # Adapt '' to avoid racial profiling .
A Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors .  Locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture , where the plant is located .  Japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011 .  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy , arguing it is essential to the country 's economic
Authorities debriefed the girl 's family and released her into the family 's care .  It 's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged .
`` True Detective '' returns June 21 .  Colin Farrell , Vince Vaughn , Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star .
At least 147 people were killed , many of them students at Garissa University College in Kenya .  Investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews are removing the bodies of four Al-Shabaab attackers .  Shattered glass and shell casings littered the floor , walls and ceilings were marred by bullet holes .  `` We just lay there hopelessly , because we know automatically we ` re going to be killed ,
Nelly , 40 , is charged with felony possession of drugs , simple possession of marijuana .  The state trooper stopped the bus because it was n't displaying stickers , authorities say .  Two troopers searched the bus , finding rocks that tested positive for methamphetamine .  Nelly shot to fame 15 years ago with the track `` Country Grammar ''
Residents in the city of Malegaon have to asked to submit a ` mugshot ' of their cattle to the police .  The residents have to give information about their animal 's ` unique features '  Cows are considered holy and revered by the state 's majority Hindu population .  The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill now includes bans on the killing of bulls and bullocks in its list of non-bailable
New South China Mall opened to the public in 2005 in Dongguan in the south of China .  The goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment , shops and eateries .  Despite the grand plans neither stores nor shoppers came , it was classified by industry analysts as a `` dead mall ''  The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area ,
Attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans , including a 14-year-old boy .  About 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence .  In 2008 , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg .
Gorilla jumps toward exhibit window in Omaha , Nebraska .  Kevin Cave caught the incident on video .  `` It was n't as bad as we thought it was , '' zoo official says .
On July 20,2012 , moviegoers gathered for a midnight screening of `` The Dark Knight Rises ''  Shortly after midnight , a gunman opened fire on the audience , killing 12 people .  James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges .  Kaylan Bailey , 13 at the time , babysat 6-year-old Veronica often at the theater .  Tom and Caren Teves lost
`` We all are prepared to go and destroy ISIS totally , '' one Basij commander says .  Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guard 's Quds Force is training , advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias .  Iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the U.S. . , but point out that the level of trust simply is n't there .  Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not
Feidin Santana says he was told by another officer to stop using his phone to capture the incident .  `` One of the officers told me to stop , but it was because I -LRB- said -RRB- to them that what they did it was an abuse and I witnessed everything , '' he told CNN .  `` Mr . Scott never tried to fight , '' Santana told CNN
A massive fire broke out in Louisville , Kentucky , Friday morning .  The blaze sent plumes of thick smoke over the area .  There were no reports of anyone injured or trapped .
Pope Francis ` iPad sells for $ 30,500 .  Proceeds will go to a school in Uruguay .  Last year , the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson .
Mexican state oil company Pemex says 45 workers were injured in the fire .  Authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform .  The fire had been extinguished by Wednesday night .  The platform is located in the Gulf of Mexico 's Campeche Sound .
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa .  This year 's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks .
Attorney general asks O ` Melveny & Myers to look at how UVA handled sexual assault allegations .  UVA has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it .  UVA knew about the allegations for more than a year before the Rolling Stone article came out .  `` You lose a lot of other people 's voices who were in that article
Sen . Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class .  Warren says Washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation .  `` I really want to give everybody who gets in this race a chance to get out there and put their agenda in front of us , '' she says .
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster , it 's time to ask ourselves : What have we learned ?  Dean Obeidallah : The BP oil spill 's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer .  He says a kind of normalcy has returned to the Gulf region and important progress has been made , the oil is still there .
A section of a fiberglass boat was spotted off Oregon 's coast this week .  The boat is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011 .  Inside were some specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters .
Michael Keaton hosted `` Saturday Night Live '' this weekend .  He paid homage to his roles in `` Beetlejuice '' and `` Batman ''  Fans were hoping for a full-blown revival of Keaton 's characters .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , faces life in prison or the death penalty for the Boston Marathon bombing .  `` He wanted to terrorize this ... he wanted to punish America for what it was doing to his people , '' the prosecutor says .  Prosecutor : `` They were the mujahedeen and they were bringing their battle to Boston ''  `` The defendant thought that his values were more
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish .  The Atlantic island country of just 500,000 people has long been a mesh of cultures , history and races .  The former Portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade , a target for 16th century pirates and a refuge for exiled Jews .
`` Bali Nine '' duo , Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , will be executed on Wednesday .  Their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta .  The Australian public 's view of Indonesia , and anger with its government , will take much longer to subside .  Tony Abbott appeared to accept the inevitability of the executions , even as he publicly reiterated
NATO says it 's not a deliberate response to Russia 's brazen behavior .  The British-led war games are code named Joint Warrior .  13,000 personnel from 14 countries operate more than 50 ships and submarines .
The first six `` Star Wars '' movies will be available in digital HD on Friday .  One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies .  The exclusive first-look video , sound designer explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds .
Two African-Americans -- Ella Jones and Wesley Bell -- are elected to the Ferguson City Council .  `` We have to get out of this law enforcement for business , '' says candidate Doyle McClellan , a computer network security coordinator .  Five of the six current City Council members and the mayor are white .  70 % of Ferguson 's 21,000 people are black , but five of the
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship the Bob Barker encountered it .  The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea , off the coast of west Africa .  Captain Peter Hammarstedt : `` I ` m 100 % confident that the captain of the Thunder destroyed his own ship ''  He says he believes the Thunder was deliberately sunk to destroy physical
The entire `` Star Wars '' saga will be released on digital HD at the end of the week .  Michelle Obama brought the White House down with the `` So You Think You Can Dance '' all-stars on Easter egg roll .  Anne Hathaway 's take on Miley Cyrus ` `` Wrecking Ball ''  The cast of the movie `` Suicide Squad '' assembled in a Twitter photo from
`` Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens '' is due out December 18 .  Director J.J. . Abrams and the cast showed off for the audience at an event in Anaheim , California .  It was n't CGI , either , as much of the movie , Abrams said , was filmed on actual sets .  The shooting location was not meant to represent the Skywalker ancestral
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's sentencing hearing is set for Monday .  Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories .  `` I was completely terrified because I did n't know if I was ever going to see my son again , '' Steve Woolfenden testifies .  `` There was blood all over the sidewalk , all around me , '' a trauma surgeon says
A Lamborghini sports car crashed into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway .  The passenger , 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport , Florida , was pronounced dead at the scene .  The driver , Tavon Watson , 24 , lost control of the vehicle .  The Exotic Driving Experience bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack .
Frida Ghitis : President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran .  She says Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the U.S. .  But Obama has given Tehran an easy exit , she says . He gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief .  She says the most concerning
In Neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines .  Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels .  Today , a small number of surgeons are using obsidian to carry out fine incisions that they say heal with minimal scarring
Warren Weinstein was killed in an anti-terror strike in January , the White House says .  The American aid worker 's family paid money to his captors in 2011 , a Pakistani source says .  The money did not lead to Weinstein 's release , the source says .  The family was initially reluctant to take their case to Congress because of his plight , he says .  Weinstein ,
The National Park Service hosts National Park Week on Saturday and Sunday .  Most of the U.S. . 's 407 sites are free year-round .  The 128 parks that charge a fee will be free those two days .  Go to FindYourPark . com to learn more about park sites near you .
Ray Gricar 's case has become one of the most intriguing and talked about missing persons stories in the country .  Investigators have considered three possibilities : suicide , foul play or deliberately walked away .  For confidential support call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or visit www . suicidepreventionlifeline . org .
LZ Granderson : Barney Frank was the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office .  `` We ` re winning '' is a phrase I ' ve heard a lot recently as it pertains to LGBT rights , he says .  LZ : If you look at where the country was 10 years ago , we definitely are . We definitely are .  He
Writers : Many believe that syringe exchange programs promote and encourage drug use .  Writers : An estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV every year , 8 % are injection drug users .  Writers : Syringe services have played crucial role in driving down HIV transmission among injecting drug users .
Gunshots fired at rapper Lil Wayne 's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta .  No arrests have been made .  Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance Saturday night .
U.N. . : 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 others wounded in the past two weeks .  Saudi special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles , a source says .  Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other key parts of the port city of Aden .  U.S. . Navy ships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping , a U.S. . defense
Flight 448 was bound for Los Angeles .  A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold .  He told authorities he had fallen asleep .
`` Furious 7 '' hits theaters Friday , months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the Oscars .  There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category , which was dominated by white males .  The filmmakers even went so far as to make sure casting directors in Abu Dhabi and Dubai found diverse extras .
Marvel 's `` Daredevil '' has arrived on Netflix .  It 's just one of four shows that the Disney-owned Marvel has committed to airing on Netflix .  The show stars Charlie Cox , Rosario Dawson , Vincent D ` Onofrio and Deborah Ann Woll .
The International Organization for Migration -LRB- IOM -RRB- has tracked the migrant flows through North Africa for years .  Eritreans have long been prominent among the travelers , escaping an authoritarian government , poverty and indefinite military service .  The `` push '' is much greater than the `` pull '' of Europe , says researcher Arezo Malakooti .  Upheavals and instability across much of Africa and the Middle East
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie .  Producer Jonathan Shestack is working on the yet-untitled project .  Carey 's good friend director Brett Ratner is co-producing .
A judge orders V . Stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts .  Rochelle `` Shelly '' Sterling accuses Donald Sterling of targeting wealthy older men .  She says she never took advantage of the former Los Angeles Clippers owner .  `` This is a victory for the Sterling family , '' her lawyer says .
A higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark when the band The Slants sought to protect its name .  Dean Obeidallah : `` Slant '' is n't an insult , it is empowering to the band 's Asian-American front-man .  He says it 's not the first time that someone has `` taken back '' a marginalizing term in a trademark fight .  He says the U.S. . Patent and Trademark
`` They ` re fighting for everything right now . I understand it 's a long recovery , '' the family 's lawyer says .  Steve Esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ` mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St . John .  The family was airlifted to hospitals in the U.S. . ; the boys , 16 and 14 , are in critical condition
`` Amy : The Girl Behind the Name '' is set for UK release on July 3 .  The teaser features early footage of Winehouse talking about her music career .  Winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during her career .  A U.S. . release date for the film has yet to be announced .
A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night .  The man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the South Lawn .  The package was later deemed harmless , a Secret Service source says .  A U.S. . official says temporary steel spikes may be added to the tip of the fence .
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary .  A video posted to Facebook shows her group packing up from an Alaska Airlines plane .  An Alaska Airlines spokeswoman says the situation could have been handled differently .
New book by Peter Schweizer raises questions about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors .  Errol Louis : The Clinton Foundation received money from the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia and Oman .  He says the State Department all but endorsed the Keystone XL pipeline , but it 's legitimate to ask .  Louis : A bank giving money to charity in hopes of buying leniency from the
Al-Shabaab , a Somali nationalist , Islamist group affiliated with al Qaeda , has been losing ground in Somalia .  U.S. . drone strikes and Special Operations raids have targeted the terrorist group 's training camps and leaders .  Peter Bergen : The group says its attacks are to protest more than 3,500 Kenyan soldiers participating in the African Union peacekeeping mission .
Danny Cevallos : The death of Freddie Gray raises questions about police use of force .  He says the charging document in this case gives us more information than the now-viral video of the arrest .  He says in that narrative , police state `` Defendant fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence ''  He says having grounds to stop is not the same as having probable cause to make an
Police chief says shooting does not have apparent connection to terrorism .  Unidentified male walked through a public area and shot himself , police say .  Authorities treated the shooting as suspicious packages , prompting the lockdown .  The lockdown was lifted about 3 : 50 p . m . ET .
Terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for Monday 's attack .  Four of the victims were foreigners and two were Somalis , police chief says .  UNICEF says it employed four of the dead , four in serious condition .
Kim Jong Un has ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials , a South Korean lawmaker says .  Lawmaker Shin Kyung-min says he was given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service .  Kim is said to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012,10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014 .
Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a Gulfstream G650 .  `` I ` m on my sabbatical , and the enemy 's trying to discredit me , '' Dollar said in a recent address to his congregants .  `` Just because the world does n't have it , does ` t mean that you ca n't , '' he said .  A nearly
A bomb threat that led to the evacuation of the Statue of Liberty was declared unfounded .  The NYPD bomb squad examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty .  About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds .
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston , Idaho , when he saw a fallen tree .  The only thing holding the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a chain-link fence .  `` I was like , I gotta do something and no one was doing anything , '' Warnock says .  `` I just did what anyone would do , went right
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday .  Millions of people were affected , including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways .  The mysterious collapse of much of the country 's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories .  Some Twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections scheduled to take place in June .
Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman wrote `` The Eureka Factor ''  The book explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after `` Aha ! '' moment .  In trying to conjure up inspiration , most of us end up suppressing it .  Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts , even high ceilings have been shown to broaden attention .  The threat of a firm deadline will narrow your thinking and
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters .  That storm moves to the northeast , missing Wichita .  `` Nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , '' says CNN severe weather expert Chad Myers .  A tornado may have touched down in Potosi , Missouri , about 70 miles from St . Louis .
`` If a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding , we 'd have to say no , '' Crystal O ` Connor says .  `` Who 's going to Walkerton with me to burn down Memories Pizza ? '' Jessica Dooley of Goshen tweeted .  `` I do n't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your freedom to
`` I ` m inside a plane and I felt like it 's up moving in the air , '' the caller said .  The caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold .  The call broke up , but the man was making himself known in other ways .  `` There could be a person in there so we ` re going to
`` Everyone in our game hopes for peace and the safety of a great American city , '' Rob Manfred says .  Tickets from Monday 's game can be used for admittance on May 28 .  `` We ` re a sports town . We love our O 's , '' Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says .  The game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Chicago White Sox will be
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California 's Farallon Islands .  It survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts .  Sonar images show what looks to be an airplane on one of the elevators that took planes from the hangar deck to its flight deck .  `` This ship fought a long , hard war in
This week marks the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide .  It 's also the seventh year in a row President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word `` genocide '' to describe the atrocity .
Jury finds Aaron Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder , unlawful possession of a firearm .  He also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide ; he has pleaded not guilty .  `` I do n't think there was another family that was more familiar in Bristol , Connecticut , '' a high school athlete says .  `` I know he was at the club , but he never saw
Robert Bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police .  LZ Granderson : Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to `` work full time jobs ''  He says from a policing perspective , there was n't even good reason to use a Taser against Eric Harris .  LZ : Harris had given $ 2,500 to Sheriff Stanley
Sally Kohn : Hillary Clinton 's campaign ad features 38 women , 20 of them women .  She says the proportion of women who vote has exceeded proportion of men who vote since 1980 .  She says Democrats who overtly pandered to women at expense of real issues crashed and burned .  She says 2014 midterm elections saw the death of a political meme : the `` war on women
DC Entertainment , Warner Bros . and Mattel have launched DC Super Hero Girls .  The initiative is aimed at girls ages 6-12 .  The first elements will be released in the fall .
Charles Alasholuyi has taken time nearly every day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the # BringBackOurGirls hashtag and post it on CNN iReport .  The marketing professional and father-of-three says he feels a moral obligation to continue posting his daily photo until the girls are returned .  He says he does n't want anyone to forget about the girls and the struggles their families
The singer 's family is creating a hologram-like figure .  `` By no means is this something that 's creepy or weird , '' her sister says .  The technology is being called `` Selena the One ''
On October 31,2014 , the Italian government announced the end of `` Mare Nostrum '' -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril .  In 2014,170,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea ; Italian ships have picked up about 11,000 migrant in the past week alone .  Frida Ghitis : The operation proved expensive and politically contentious , and Europe was not prepared to help Italy shoulder the
King 's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes , his daughter says .  `` He was struggling before , and he is a trouper , '' a publicist says .  King was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
A team of students from across Africa are creating an eco-friendly electric car .  The `` ABUCAR 2 '' will compete in the European leg of this year 's Shell Eco-marathon .  At low speeds the vehicle will be powered by electricity alone , but at higher speeds both electric and petrol components will work together .  Some studies say 50 % of global emissions of organic carbon could come
Writers : Our entire nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis .  Writers : 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing , spend more than half their incomes on rent or both .  Writers : HUD has allowed local communities to raise more than $ 733 million in new capital .  Writers : No American should ever have to wait six decades to have a decent
Jenner 's daughter : `` So very proud of you , my hero ''  `` With courage and bravery , let 's change the world , '' Kourtney Kardashian says .  `` Let 's empower people like Bruce all over the world by being loving & not mean , '' Laverne Cox tweets .  GLAAD : `` Welcome , # BruceJenner and their family tonight ''
Ben & Jerry 's and New Belgium Brewery are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream .  The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall .
Damani Terry , 2 , was attending a birthday party when he was killed by a van .  The driver of the van , Archie Brown Jr . , 40 , was also killed , police say .  The suspect , Ricky Ricardo Chiles III , committed suicide at a Chicago-area hotel .  `` Sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life , '' a
`` It was time to come home , '' Kelley tells People magazine about his decision to return to the U.S. .  Kelley , 50 , is accused of kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution .  His wife , Genevieve Kelley , who 's charged with the same crimes , turned herself in last year .  `` We love Mary and are overjoyed that she is alive and back
Defense lawyer : Aaron Hernandez had no conceivable reason to kill Odin Lloyd .  `` Do n't you think you would have heard about it in nine weeks ? '' he asks jurors .  Prosecution portrayed Hernandez as cold , calculating and insecure , a man who believed others should be grateful for his attention .  `` He 's not talking about Odin , '' the defense says of Hernandez
Over the last few years , we ` ve been close to eradicating worldwide polio without success .  A new medical technology , an easily applied microneedle patch , could be the key to that goal .  By applying it to the skin and pushing down , the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes .  Jonas Salk 's vaccine , developed in the 1950s , involved injecting a
Stephen Hawking and Monty Python recreate `` Galaxy Song '' from their 1983 film `` The Meaning of Life ''  The 7-inch single is in honor of Record Store Day .
Jia Jiang quit his six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30 .  After his tech start-up was declined investment , Jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on .  His book , Rejection Proof , is part self-help and part motivational / autobiography .  `` I ` m trying to demystify the idea of rejection , '' he says .  Rejection
Huntley High School 's `` homegrown '' program merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting .  `` Blended learning is not a panacea , '' says the superintendent for the school 's district .  `` I can learn on my own . I can work at the pace I want to learn , '' student Jason Zobott says .  The program allows students who struggle in certain content
CNN 's Laura Bernardini says she has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation .  She says she loves to read , but it 's hard to understand why she did n't .  `` I love to read ... there is no excuse , '' she says .  `` I am no scholar , no expert on scripture , as should be obvious , '' says Bernardini .  She
Gov . Andrew Cuomo says more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals .  Symptoms after use have a wide range of severity , from confusion , drowsiness and headaches .  Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to `` mask its true purpose ''
People are going crazy for tins of butter cookies in Hong Kong .  The `` little bear cookies '' are known across Asia .  In other parts of the world , food mania has erupted , winning people 's hearts and stomachs .  From cronuts to ramen burgers , here are some foods that people around the world have spent hours of their lives waiting for .
In rural China , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice .  It is now the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice .  Exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in China .
Robert Durst , a convicted felon , is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm .  He 's accused of possessing a . 38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room .  Durst was featured this spring in `` The Jinx , '' a HBO documentary about him .  Prosecutors accuse Durst of killing his friend Susan Berman because she `` was a witness to a
Frida Ghitis : Hillary Clinton 's online declaration for president means focus will now shift to campaign .  She says Clinton will add to her potential `` firsts '' : first woman president , first secretary of state .  She says she 'll have to negotiate several tricky paths to ensure her career stays an advantage .  She says the last president to serve in a top job in the
`` Today there was absolutely no protest , no demonstration , '' says Rev . Jamal Bryant .  `` For us to come out of the burial and walk into this is absolutely inexcusable , '' he says .  `` We have a line of gentlemen from the Nation of Islam to build a human wall , '' Rev . Bryant says .  `` They could have moved down here
Julian Zelizer : The White House should probably learn another lesson from history : getting Congress ` signature might be worth the effort .  He says the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising , but it would still be a mistake to move forward with the deal as an executive-based agreement .  He says there is a big legal argument that will play out over the definition of
365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in Chibok , Nigeria .  # BringBackOurGirls campaigners in Nigeria have worked tirelessly to keep the story alive for the past year .  Malala : `` We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality , tied in a single garment of destiny ''  Malala offers ` solidarity , love , hope ' to abducted schoolgirls
A Polish Prince has challenged UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel in London 's Hyde Park .  Prince Jan Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain .  Farage is on the campaign trail ahead of Britain 's general elections on May 7 .  `` I ` m not intending to accept the offer , '' Farage 's spokesman quoted as saying .  UKIP
CNN 's Richard Quest was in Kathmandu when he was hit by a strong aftershock .  There 's some structural damage to buildings , but it 's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake .  Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .
Louis Jordan , 37 , left Conway , South Carolina , to fish in the ocean for more than two months .  A storm capsized his boat and broke his mast and he could n't fix the boat right away .  After his food and water ran out , it became an issue of survival for Jordan .  Records show there were more than a dozen storms off the coast
`` We are so happy , so happy . I thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good , '' her mother tells CNN .  Mary Jane Veloso 's alleged recruiter , Maria Kristina Sergio , and her partner Julius Lacanilao surrendered to authorities in the Philippines .  The Philippines believes she herself is a victim of heartless drug syndicates , `` an embassy official says
East Baltimore community center burned to the ground after the funeral of Freddie Gray .  The $ 16 million Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built .  The cause of the blaze is still under investigation .
Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces , an operations officer says .  Dia is a village that borders Lake Chad and has been identified as a recruiting ground for Boko Haram .  Cameroonian troops retook cattle that was stolen by the attackers in Dia .
John Travolta is premiering his new film , `` The Forger , '' in Clearwater , Florida .  The HBO documentary is critical of the Church of Scientology .  He credits the church with helping him survive the death of his son , Jett .
Jay Z used the hashtag # TidalFacts to defend his Tidal streaming service .  The rapper launched the streaming service last month .  Jay Z 's `` stream of consciousness '' tweets have been met with some derision .
Julian Zelizer : It 's time for liberals to look local with Washington gridlocked over everything .  He says liberals have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives .  In New York City , Mayor Bill de Blasio has launched a pre-K education program to broaden access for all residents .  He says the drive for same-sex marriage equality took hold in the states before reaching the
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton 's first campaign video with a rating of 18 + .  The channel said it did n't want to break the country 's anti-gay propaganda law .  The law bans `` propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors ''
Ringling Bros . . Center for Elephant Conservation sits on 200 acres of land in central Florida .  Kenneth Feld , who opened the center in 1995 , says the center is a `` family affair ''  Feld : `` This is a whole family affair for our family but also for all the elephants ''  Feld 's company , Feld Entertainment , has been a part of the Feld
The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality .  It 's unclear how Gray , who was arrested on a weapons charge April 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury .  `` He did n't never say yes or no , he just said ` I ca n't breathe ' and just was yelling , '' a woman who recorded
Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the U.S. . and Cuba .  The tide changed when President Obama and Castro announced that more than five decades of Cold War rivalry was ending .  Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro recently accused the U.S. . of trying to topple his government .  Maduro has been rallying other Latin American leaders , including Bolivia 's Evo
ESPN suspends Britt McHenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced .  `` I should always choose to be respectful and take the high road , '' she wrote on Twitter .  `` I would n't work at a scumbag place like this , '' the reporter says .  `` I ` m on television and you ' re in a -LRB- expletive
Cassandra C . , 17 , was ordered into custody by a judge in December .  She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo , claiming she did not want to be treated .  Earlier this month , CNN reported that she was in remission , feeling well and her treatment was almost complete .
Martin O ` Malley and Jim Webb met at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines , Iowa .  Both Democrats are toying with a presidential run , and both are facing long odds in that endeavor .  In a March CNN / ORC poll of national Democrats , only 1 % said O ` malley and Webb were their top choice .
Geoffrey Lewis was a prolific character actor .  He played Orville Boggs in `` Every Which Way But Loose ''  Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis .
Don McLean 's song `` American Pie '' sells for $ 1.2 million at Christie 's .  The song is one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon .  The song hit No . 1 in early 1972 .
Freddie Gray , 25 , was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore .  He `` gave up without the use of force , '' deputy police commissioner says .  It 's unclear what caused the spinal cord injury that led to his death a week later .  Court documents allege that Gray was arrested after finding a switchblade in his pocket .  `` It is
Paramedics were called to Joni Mitchell 's home Tuesday .  Mitchell is currently in intensive care , her website says .  Judy Collins registered a Top 10 hit with Mitchell in 1967 with `` Both Sides Now ''  Mitchell , 71 , was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 .
50 years ago in Frankfurt , German prosecutors tried 22 former Nazi SS soldiers at Auschwitz .  John Demjanjuk 's conviction established the precedent that has now made possible the trial of Oskar Gröning .  Investigators and historians failed to uncover so much as a single instance in which a German officer or NCO was executed or severely punished for opting out of genocide .  He says the refusal of
The five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three cities .  They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation .  `` I ` m still speechless and do n't know how to react , '' tweeted Li 's girlfriend .  They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend .  The 34-year-old was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013 .  That jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision on whether she should live or die .
Dean Obeidallah : For many Girl Scout troops , cookie season is officially cookie season .  He says Thin Mints , Caramel deLites , Peanut Butter Patties , high fructose corn syrup contribute to obesity .  He says there are two more insidious and dangerous risks to consider : cancer and heart disease .
Jon `` Bones '' Jones , the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion , is wanted in a hit-and-run accident .  A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries , police said .  Jones , 27 , is arguably UFC 's biggest star in the sport 's most respected weight class .
Paul Bettany will play the Vision in the `` Avengers : Age of Ultron '' sequel .  The actor 's character has been a mystery for a month .  Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series `` Daredevil ''
Nyia Parler , 41 , cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes `` treatment , '' police say .  The mother of a quadriplegic man was found in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland .  The man , who also suffers from cerebral palsy , was found lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Saddam Hussein 's regime to evade capture .  He was a man thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army .  DNA samples were taken to confirm his identity , a Shiite militia spokesman says .  The U.S. . military is aware of the media reports but does n't have further information to evaluate them , a U.S. .
The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists , Marwan , was killed in a raid in the Philippines in January .  Marwan was believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah 's central command .  The FBI had been offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to Marwan 's capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on
Sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income .  The remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day , or $ 22 .  Sweden has mandated that 60 of the 480 days be `` daddy months '' or `` partner months ''  In reality , only 12 % of Swedish
Frida Ghitis : Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia have always been thorny , but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today .  She says Iran and Riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East .  She says both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons along a canal when she tried to repel a bee .  `` The stroller rolled away from her into the canal , with the boys belted in the seat , '' police said .  The boys were found after more than an hour of searching .  `` No parent should ever have to lose a child , let alone both of them
`` It 's certainly a step towards acknowledging the truth , '' an attorney for the Gray family says .  Freddie Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest , police say .  Investigators are trying to learn more about Gray 's condition at each of the three stops the van made .  A witness said the man was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty
The flight voice recorder aboard Germanwings Flight 9525 reportedly captured blaring cockpit alarms .  Bob Greene : There are new calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software .  He says the technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidingance technology already used in cars .  Greene : In the case of the doomed aircraft , `` this technology , I believe , would
Chinese court convicts veteran journalist Gao Yu for revealing state secrets .  Gao , 71 , immediately said she would appeal , her lawyer says .  The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential document .  Gao was arrested ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown .
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants was caught in bad weather .  The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore near Le Borgne .  Haiti 's government urged migrants not to board clandestine ships .
Two of the best actresses on television are back on `` The Big Bang Theory ''  Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf return as the mothers of Leonard and Sheldon .  `` Saturday Night Live '' host Scarlett Johannsson also returns .
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break .  Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee , students at Troy University , were arrested .
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula offers $ 774,000 for the death or capture of Houthi leader .  AQAP referred to Al-Houthis and Saleh as the `` two heads of evil ''  At least 540 people have died as a result of the fighting , the U.N. . says .
Kim Ki-Jong is accused of stabbing U.S. . Ambassador Mark Lippert last month .  He has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction .  Kimppert was stabbed in the face and jaw .
Russian President Vladimir Putin 's annual Q & A is broadcast live on state-run television .  Last year , he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes .  Public interest was especially strong this year , with 2.4 million questions submitted .
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with bin Laden , state media reports .  Some evidence indicates the Vatican was among the targets considered , police say .  Some suspects had an abundance of weapons and moved cash around the world .  The operation is expected to result in the arrest of 18 people , most of them from Pakistan .
A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film is in the works .  `` Galaxy Quest '' is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen .
The Chilean government estimates that around 2 million people will benefit from the change .  A number of South American nations have moved to allow same-sex civil unions in recent years .  marriage between people of the same sex is legal only in Argentina , Brazil and Uruguay .
Reinforcements come from Camp Speicher , a fortified Iraqi base near the city of Tikrit .  ISIS launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday .
North Korea 's leader was expected to visit Moscow to mark 70th anniversary of end of WWII .  Frida Ghitis : The trip was highly anticipated , but it was canceled this week .  She says Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position , but may be nervous dictators .  She says a possible explanation is that Kim has ordered the execution of his uncle , Jang
`` I saw the top of the funnel cloud , and it was absolutely massive , '' resident Cathy Olson says .  One person dies in Fairdale , Illinois , as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees .  `` We ` re a community . If one person is in need , we 'll all be there for them , '' says Eric Widick , who drove up in
Arizona police chief : `` The fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized ''  The suspect , 36-year-old Mario Valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged .  `` We do n't know that if -LRB- Rapiejko -RRB- lets him go for another 10 seconds , -LRB- Valencia -RRB- does n't take somebody out in the parking lot , '' police chief says
Roxy Walsh found a ring engraved with the words `` Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 . Love Jenny ''  Nine months earlier , Joe Langley lost the ring while snorkeling in the same spot in Bali .  The Langleys ` granddaughter saw the Facebook post and made the connection .
Novak Djokovic wins his second Monte Carlo Masters title .  Beats Thomas Berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in rain-interrupted final .  First man to win opening three Masters tournaments of the season .
After Hillary Clinton 's announcement , social media responded in a big way .  Some tweeted their immediate support , with one word : `` Hillary ''  There were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour .
The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department is changing its uniform to white .  The new color will be worn by command staff members of the department .  IMPD says the decision is `` not related to any specific , individual incident occurring elsewhere in the United States ''
Helicopter crash in Malaysia kills six people , including the nation 's former ambassador to the United States .  Jamaluddin Jarjis , a high-ranking member of the prime minister 's staff , was killed .  The helicopter 's flight recorder has been found in good condition , state news agency says .
Mullah Mohammed Omar is credited with founding the Taliban 's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan .  Some Afghans say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar 's demise .  `` I think the Taliban thought it was an important time to release his biography , '' a former Taliban insider says .  Omar was famously camera-shy during the group 's six-year rule over most of Afghanistan .  To
The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11 , a Turkish official says .  Accompanying the children were three men and two women ; all nine had British passports .  The British Foreign Office is seeking information about the incident from Turkish authorities .
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words such as `` enemy forces '' and `` adversaries '' to refer to protesters , documents obtained by CNN .  The language is intensifying the concerns of some who objected to the police officers ` actions in putting down riots .  `` It 's disturbing when you have what amounts to American soldiers viewing American citizens somehow as the enemy , ''
U.S. . State Department condemns U.S. . - Egyptian activist Mohamad Soltan 's sentence .  Mohamed Badie , the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , has been sentenced to death by hanging .  The sentences will be appealed .  They were sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities .  They were arrested in a crackdown on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy .
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband via Facebook .  Danny Cevallos : Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law .  He says if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .  Cevallo : If you ca n't find a defendant , a judge might let
`` I was just angry , at that moment , for that exchange , '' a detective tells WNBC 's Jonathan Dienst .  The NYPD detective faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance .  `` No good cop can watch that without a wince , '' police Commissioner William Bratton says .  `` The officer made their jobs a little bit harder . That kind of anger like
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality .  The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing , Guangzhou and Hangzhou .  One of the women , Wei Tingting , said police had recommended prosecutors press charges of `` assembling a crowd to disturb public order ''  Amnesty International said the
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East .  A top military official says he hopes the U.S. . and Iran can work closer together to fight ISIS in Iraq .  Iran has long claimed the U.S. . is partly responsible for creating ISIS , which now controls large parts of Iraq and Syria .  Iran has often dismissed the coalition air campaign as
Britain 's Prince Harry will spend four weeks with the Australian military .  He announced last month he would be leaving the armed forces in June .  Harry is known in the British Army as `` Captain Harry Wales ''
Roseanne Barr , 62 , has macular degeneration and glaucoma .  The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 .  There is no cure for either disease .
Andrew Lesnie won an Oscar for his work on `` Lord of the Rings '' and `` Hobbit '' films .  He also worked with director Peter Jackson on the remake of `` King Kong ''  Lesnie , 59 , suffered a heart attack Monday .  Lesnie recently polished off The Water Diviner , the directorial debut of Russell Crowe , another New Zealand native .  Lesnie was inducted into
Afghan woman Gulnaz was raped by her cousin 's husband and jailed for adultery .  Her attacker , Asadullah , was convicted and jailed , but this was reduced .  CNN 's Frida Ghitis says the solution was a quiet , Afghan solution to the `` problem ''  `` When we get a bad name , we prefer death to ... with that name in society , '' she says
NEW : `` We did n't execute as a team , but me being the point guard , I did ` t do what coach told me to , '' says point guard Andrew Harrison .  The Kentucky Wildcats are the first men 's team to have a 38-0 record in the Final Four .  They will face four-time national champ Duke in Monday night 's title game .  Wisconsin
Explosion outside a bus station in northeast Nigeria kills at least five people .  Woman left explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers .  The bus was headed to the central Nigerian city of Jos , 125 kilometers away .  Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets .
Katie -- a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo -- gave birth to a not-so-little baby early Friday evening .  The baby is about 6 feet tall .  `` We ` re so proud , '' the zoo tweets .
Reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix for Mercedes .  Teammate Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly .  Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel finishes third to claim his third straight podium of 2015 .  Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo finishes second to extend his lead in the drivers ` standings .  Mercedes ` Jenson Button finishes third in his first race of the season in
Tropical storm Maysak has been classified as a tropical storm .  It 's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province .
Kayahan Acar was one of Turkey 's best-loved singers and songwriters .  He was diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest .  The cancer returned in 2005 and again in 2014 .
The couple announced the pregnancy in January .  It is the first baby for both .
A year after ISIS became a household name in America , U.S. . prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded .  At least 25 people have been detained since January .  ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda , officials say .  In Minnesota , nine men have been charged as part of an alleged cell of recruits linked to Abdi Nur .  ISIS recruiters have an
Freddie Gray , 25 , died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge .  His family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma .  Hundreds of protesters peacefully rallied on the streets of Baltimore on Saturday against the alleged police role in Gray 's death .  `` There are those who will tell you
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own a recreational marijuana dispensary in Breckenridge , Colorado .  In 2014 , legal marijuana was a $ 700 million industry in Colorado .  A 2014 Gallup Poll : 51 % of Americans favor legalizing marijuana , but that was down from the previous year 's approval .  `` Somebody is going to become a mogul , '' Rogers says .  `` We want to
The drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities .  One Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique .
Frida Ghitis : Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S. .  She says a win would mean a woman in the White House , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion .  She says the loss would perpetuate the myth that women cannot win big elections , that the electoral environment is rife with bias
U.N. . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon : `` It is clear that very many lives have been lost ''  At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest , where the quake caused multiple avalanches .
CNN 's Alastair Campbell was in Kathmandu when the quake struck .  Many houses , old and new -- torn apart , were destroyed in the city .  A mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace could be found of its rider .  A blood donation camp was said to be buried by the same structure that sheltered it .  The Kasthamandap temple had caved in
Charlie Hill 's journey began in 1971 when he and two other men were arrested in New Mexico .  Hill was charged with killing a New Mexico police officer and hijacking an airliner .  Hill , now 65 , decided to give CNN an interview after we 'd spent two years trying to reach him .  `` I miss my country . I would like to go back and see
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney 's `` Tron 3 ''  The pair will reprise their characters from 2010 's ` Tron : Legacy '  The sequel is being directed by Joseph Kosinski .
Smugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships .  CNN producer secretly filmed a conversation with a smuggler in Tripoli .  The conversation exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible .  An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing .
Astrophysicist Amy Mainzer named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai .  Mainzer discovered Malala 's asteroid in June 2010 .  Asteroid 316201 Malala circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years .
David Frum : 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes .  He says the once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans .  He says 3 out of 4 Americans using a standard deduction get no break for their charitable contributions .  Frum says it 's not the time to explain such serious matters ; the people are
Tom Brady 's wife , model Gisele Bundchen , walked the catwalk last week .  The New England Patriots quarterback expressed his love for her on Facebook .  She announced her retirement last weekend .  `` I want to be with my family more and focus on special projects , '' she said .
Artist Dave Poulin has `` had plenty of opportunity to step forward , '' Celoron mayor says .  The bronze figure of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a `` Walking Dead '' zombie .  The sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009 .  The town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the
Rabbi Joshua Garroway : It 's possible that Jesus and his followers received donations from supporters .  He says it was possible , even likely , that he and his supporters received donations .  `` I imagine the ministry functioned at a subsistence level , '' he says of the Jesus community .  `` Sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor , and you will
`` Sopranos '' creator David Chase revealed the reason for the show 's ending .  He did n't reveal whether Tony Soprano lives or dies , but what he did .  `` The tension is quite high now , but if you think about it , for no real reason , '' Chase said .  `` The biggest feeling I was going for , honestly , was do n't stop
Amnesty International releases its annual report on the death penalty , `` Death Sentences and Executions 2014 ''  At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2013 .  `` The long-term trend is definitely positive -- we are seeing a decrease in the number of executions , '' says Amnesty 's Director of Global Issues Audrey Gaughran .  At least 2,466 people
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him .  17 of those counts carry the death penalty for the murders of four -- Krystle Campbell , 29 , Lingzi Lu , 23 , Martin Richard , 8 , and Sean Collier , 26 .  `` No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and victims
Large Hadron Collider -LRB- LHC -RRB- is the world 's biggest and most powerful particle accelerator .  It was shut down in March after a two-year shutdown .  The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second , with a beam circulating for 10 hours .  The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the `` Big Bang ''  By replicating the
A hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky , `` F * * k that -LRB- N-word -RRB- ''  Harrison , who is black , said his words were `` in jest , '' and that he meant no disrespect to the white standout .  Kaminky -- the 2015 Associated Press player of the year -- said Sunday that he was `` over
The Lamborghini crashed into a guardrail at the Exotic Driving Experience .  The passenger , 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport , Florida , died at the scene .  The driver lost control of the vehicle , was hospitalized with minor injuries .
A group of 10 doctors from across the country emailed a letter to Columbia University .  They accuse Oz of `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity '' in his TV and promotional work .  They say he has `` either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments ''  They say Oz has `` baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops ''  They say the group
Philip Morris , R.J. . Reynolds , U.S. . Smokeless Tobacco Co . , American Snuff Co . , Lorillard Tobacco Co . are suing the FDA .  They say the FDA is violating the companies ` free speech rights .
The U.S. . Embassy in Jalalabad is a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force .  It was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles .  U.S. . officials told us they are optimistic the logistical road ahead can be smoothed -- that in the 18 plus months they can get the Afghan army and police up
`` Baltimore is not violent . We have been under a lot of duress , '' a student says .  President Obama denounces `` violence , looting , destruction that we saw from a handful of individuals ''  `` There 's no excuse for that , '' he says in an interview on `` Steve Harvey Morning Show ''  More than 100 people are arrested in New York during a
Baltimore City State 's Attorney Marilyn Mosby is married to Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby .  Mosby , 35 , comes from a long line of police officers , including her grandfather , uncles and her mother .  Gray , 25 , died in police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury one week after he was arrested .  Six officers involved in his arrest have been suspended with pay
A 14-year-old is accused of encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead .  He was communicating with suspects in an Australian operation that apprehended several men .  The acts of terror were planned for Anzac Day on Friday , the centennial of the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I .
A ramp agent from Alaska Airlines says he was napping in the cargo hold of a plane .  `` There could be a person in there so we ` re going to come back around , '' the pilot tells air traffic control .  `` We started hearing yelling , screams for help , very , very faint , '' one passenger says .  `` What if it 's someone
ISIS is known for its terrorist actions .  Some communities , the group is the local governing authority .  CNN 's Atika Shubert explains how ISIS functions as a state .  Some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look just like Kyle Jenner 's .
`` Some think that we should either fight ... or we should surrender to other powers , '' President Hassan Rouhani says .  `` There is a third path . We can cooperate with the world , '' he says .  `` We do not lie , '' the Iranian president says , vowing that Iran will be true to its word .  Iran 's nuclear program wo n't go
`` Orphan Black 's '' second season kicks off on Saturday , April 18 .  Tatiana Maslany says we can expect more complex clone work this season .  `` Game of Thrones '' returns for a fifth season in one of the biggest season premieres of the year .  `` Justified , '' 10 p . m . ET , Sunday , HBO .  `` Clone Club '' returns with
Natural gas line explosion at law enforcement shooting range in Fresno , California , injures 11 people .  Some inmates on work detail at firing range also injured .  Explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine , sheriff says .
North Korean defector Lee Min-bok is sending propaganda balloons across the border from South to North Korea .  He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen .  Lee says he does n't know if ordinary North Koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets .
In 2003 , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated Americans supported gays ` and lesbians ' right to wed .  That 's more than the 45 % who said they opposed same-sex nuptials .  `` There 's been a huge swing in the last decade , '' says Robert P . Jones , CEO of PRRI .  Each time the U.S. . Supreme Court has considered a case related
It was n't until her 20s that Fethiye Cetin discovered her Armenian ancestry .  Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink .  Armenia and the Armenian diaspora are demanding that the `` Great Catastrophe '' be recognized as genocide .
Carlos Colina , 32 , was arraigned on charges of assault and battery .  `` This was a gruesome discovery , '' district attorney says .
Thieves broke into the vault of a 60-year-old safe deposit company in Hatton Garden , London .  They reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash .  In the educated guess of one former police official , as much as 200 million pounds , or $ 300 million .
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack , a spokesman says .  At least 12 people were killed in the attack in Mogadishu , officials say .  Soldiers from the African Union teamed up with Somali security forces to shoot and kill the attackers .
The investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of the co-pilot 's motive .  Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives , a prosecutor 's spokesman says .  Medical records reveal that the 27-year-old was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy .  It 's not clear if Lubit Z was unfit to fly , but some media outlets
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS .  The map shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force .  Afzal Ashraf , a counterinsurgency specialist at the Royal United Services Institute , gives us a look at what this data tells us about the fight
The Finance Police 's ship , the Calabrese , regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa , Italy .  It 's the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East .  In recent years , its 12-man crew has joined Italy 's effort to rescue migrants coming from Africa .  `` If it were low in the water , we 'd
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress .  Julian Zelizer : The importance of the U.S. . - Japan relationship is long overdue .  He says Abe 's appearance has garnered less attention than last month 's speech by Netanyahu .  He says the TPP is a potentially massive free trade agreement involving the U.S. . , Japan and 10 other
Bob Greene : Stress from the job is an accepted part of our career , but may manifest as depression .  He says co-pilot on Germanwings Flight 9525 had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression .  He says it 's curious to me how the red flags of Lubitz 's illness were missed .  He says the selection process is highly competitive , requiring above-average aptitude .  He says Lufthansa
131 people came down with the B3 strain of measles .  The outbreak began with visitors to two Disney theme parks .  Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease .
ACLU : `` The government 's new redress process falls far short of constitutional requirements ''  People on the no-fly list are prohibited from boarding a commercial flight for travel into or out of the United States .  They 'll be made aware of their status if they apply for redress , with an option to request further information .  The U.S. . government is making enhancements to the Department
Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college and set up a study group for calculus-based physics .  `` He was sneaky , '' says Shelby , `` and that was the best way I could figure out ''  Eight years later , Ben was diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma , a highly aggressive form of brain cancer .  He was slated for a clinical trial with an experimental drug , but
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone , the Italian Coast Guard says .  In 2008 , Silvio Berlusconi and Moammar Gadhafi signed a friendship agreement in which Italy promised to invest $ 5 billion in Libyan infrastructure .  In 2010 , he famously threatened to `` turn Europe black '' if Libya did n't enjoy cordial relations with the EU .  In November 2013
Gov . Mary Fallin signs a bill allowing executions with nitrogen gas .  Nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen .  CNN affiliate KFOR says it 's never been used in an execution in the United States .
`` Thailand 's friends abroad should not be fooled by this obvious sleight of hand , '' says U.N. . High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ` ad Al Hussein .  The Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej approves a request from Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-ocha .  The head of the National Council for Peace and Order -LRB- NCPO -RRB- junta immediately invoked Article 44 of the country 's interim
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate .  For ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law , even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who defies that Islamic law .  Aymenn Al-Tamimi shared the documents with CNN by sharing them with CNN .  He says ISIS regards pre-Islamic artifacts as relics from
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie on `` L.A. . Law '' for eight seasons .  He won an Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .  He also played Henry L . Stimson , Secretary of War in the 1995 HBO telefilm `` Meteor ''  He also appeared in the 1972 Broadway production of `` That Championship Season ''  He was one of the
Ryan Shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation near Dallas .  It looked like a mile wide , the National Weather Service says .
Ebony Dickens of East Point , Georgia , threatened to shoot every white cop .  The post was removed a day later , just before Dickens was arrested , CNN affiliate WSB reports .  `` I condone black on white killings , '' the post said .  Dickens appeared in court Wednesday on a charge of disseminating information related to terrorist acts .
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of tobacco to anybody under age 21 .  The state legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes .  Forty-six U.S. . states permit the sale to anyone 18 or older .  Alabama , Alaska , New Jersey and Utah require customers to be at
Cyclist Wang Pingan 's mountain bike was stolen just days before completing his two-wheel trek .  The bike had been sold twice before being recovered , police say .  Wang will be able to add his final destination , Hainan Island , to his epic trip .  Wang had earlier turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike .  He vowed to walk if he
A Wall Street Journal report says Pyongyang may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads .  Frida Ghitis : That 's actually only part of a troubling story about North Korea 's nuclear capabilities .  She says it 's not in the actual number of warheads , but the type of warhead .  She says North Korea could be in a position to double its arsenal by next year with
British men 's magazine FHM names Michelle Keegan the sexiest woman in the world .  Keegan is best known for her roles on `` Ordinary Lies '' and `` Coronation Street ''  Sandra Bullock does n't appear on the list .
Trey Moses asked his girlfriend , Ellie Meredith , to be his prom date .  `` That 's the kind of person Trey is , '' Ellie 's mom says .  `` You just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child , '' her mom says .
`` Of course it 's not the right word , to call our children ` thugs , '' a Baltimore councilman says .  The Rev . Jamal Bryant : `` These are not thug , these are upset and frustrated children ''  Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake tweeted that she `` saw misguided young people who need to be held accountable ''  `` What matters is how do we take back
Nepal 's capital , Kathmandu , has been ravaged by the quake that struck Saturday .  The main highway that heads east out of the capital shows massive cracks , the tarmac torn apart by the force of the huge tremor .  A village official tells CNN that 90 % of the houses in Ravi Opi are uninhabitable .  Maili Tamang , 62 , is alive , but surveys the
Prime Minister John Key is seeking compensation for a waitress who complained about him pulling her ponytail .  CNN affiliate TVNZ reported that Key breached a section of the country 's Human Rights Act .  The complaint was filed by an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a `` serial litigant ''  Key publicly apologized to a waitress at his local cafe after she complained about his odd
It 's only June , but 2015 may be remembered as the year the term `` transgender '' fully entered mainstream consciousness .  In January , President Obama condemned the persecution of `` people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender ''  `` We are at a social inflection point on transgender issues , '' says Riki Wilchins , a former transgender activist .
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison .  He says he killed Jeffrey Dahmer and another manmate in 1994 .  Dahmers 's former prison minister says he would make jokes about this cannibalistic past .  `` This was just his way -- a morbid humor to deal with his hopeless situation , '' he says .
Altamura Man is the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted .  He fell into a well in southern Italy about 150,000 years ago .  Scientists hope they will be able to sequence his DNA .
The right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum after the death of an East Bay woman .  Brittany Maynard , 29 , moved to Oregon to take advantage of its `` Death with Dignity '' law .  She died in November after taking a fatal dose of barbiturates prescribed by her doctor .  Swangard joined a California lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medication to certain patients .
Anthony Sideri , 25 , was arrested in 2007 after shooting up heroin all day .  `` I knew that my whole world was over , and I thought I was going to die because I never had been so sick , '' Sideri says .  `` I did n't have to worry about what anyone thought , I could just go to a fantasy land and not have worries
Anthony Doerr 's `` All the Light We Cannot See '' wins for Pulitzer Prize for fiction .  The novel centers on the World War II bombing of St . - Malo , France .  A play by Stephen Adly Guirgis won the Pulitzer for drama .
Robert Kennedy Jr . compared `` vaccine-induced '' autism to the Holocaust .  Frida Ghitis : Kennedy 's rhetoric is a problem , even beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims about vaccines .  She says people with autism are `` gone , '' their lives `` destroyed '' and their families `` shattered ''
`` Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat , sometimes even at gunpoint , '' Malta 's prime minister says .  The International Organization for Migrants says there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters .  A Bangladeshi survivor told investigators there were 950 people on board the ship from Libya .  Since the beginning of 2015 , more than 35,000 refugees and migrants
Gov . Nathan Deal signs a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies ''  `` Every time she smiled I knew we did the right thing , '' says mother of 5-year-old Haleigh Cox .  `` For the families enduring separation and patients suffering pain , the wait is finally over , '' Gov . Nathan Deal says .  `` We have n't seen her
5-year-old Mocha , a Boston area Doberman pincher , recently ate three watches , screws , watches .  A veterinarian performed a 3-hour endoscopy to explore the contents of her belly .  She had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed .  `` It just looked like a Christmas tree and I almost threw up , '' Mocha 's husband says .  `` We ` ve
`` In his excavation of the past , Günter Grass goes deeper than most , '' the Nobel committee says .  Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend , his publisher says .  Grass , an outspoken public figure , has sparked controversy in the last decade .  In 2006 , he confessed that he volunteered for military service
Al Qaeda confirmed two of its leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January in North Waziristan .  Peter Bergen : Al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West .  He says it 's now reduced only to holding American hostages such as Warren Weinstein .  Bergen : It 's a sign of how al Qaeda has become a largely Pakistan-focused group .  Al
`` The police had no reasonable suspicion to stop or arrest Freddie Gray , '' an attorney for the Gray family says .  `` The choice of words is not only ironic , it 's sad , '' the attorney for one of the suspects says .  `` We are very concerned about the rhetoric of the protests , '' a Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 3 says .
Edwin Sabuhoro is a warden in Rwanda 's Volcanoes National Park , home to the endangered mountain gorilla .  He volunteered to infiltrate poachers by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla .  He decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poaching make a living -- a plan that did n't include killing wildlife .  He took all of his savings --
Bikram Choudhury says he wants to set the record straight .  He is accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students .  `` I want to show you , '' he says , `` tell the truth to the world , that I never assaulted them ''  `` He 's hurting people and hiding behind this good stuff , '' a former student says .
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his leg injury when he was arrested last week .  He and teammate Pero Antic were charged with misdemeanors , including disorderly conduct and obstructing governmental administration .  The 6-foot-7 guard / forward will miss the rest of the season , including the playoffs , which begin this weekend .  `` I will simply say that I am in great pain , have experienced a
Jared Leto will play the Joker in `` Suicide Squad ''  The Oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role .  The movie hits theaters August 5,2016 .
The Yarmouk refugee camp is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria .  The U.N. . commissioner-general will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp on Saturday .  The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012 .
A female employee accuses Xavier Morales of assault after he made sexual advances at her .  Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended .  Last month , two top-ranking officials were suspended following an incident at a White House command post .
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter .  He was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office .  He was involved in the arrest of Eric Harris in a weapons sting operation .
`` He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie , '' Toya Graham says .  `` She did n't want me to be like another Freddie Gray , '' a 16-year-old boy says .  `` I was so angry with him that he made a decision to do some harm to the police officers , '' she says .  `` I did -LRB- get emotional -RRB- .
Readers were curious about the effects of medical marijuana easing symptoms of various ailments .  Dr . Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years .  Gupta 's research has resulted in three CNN documentaries , including `` Weed 3 : The Marijuana Revolution ''
Writers : U.S. . is far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations .  Writers : We depend on the Atlas V rocket , powered by the Russian-made RD-180 rocket engine .  U.S. . should play no part in supporting the defense industry of a country that continues to abrogate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors .  Writers : It is bad policy to
The U.S. . needs to rethink the role of manned submarines .  China and other nations are rapidly expanding their submarine forces .  Concern that China could match U.S. . underwater capabilities .
Photographer Ken Hermann visited Malik Ghat , a wholesale flower market in Kolkata , India , for his project `` Flower Man ''  He spent 10 days at the market , and none of the female flower sellers wished to be a part of the project .  For the portraits , Hermann sought a neutral background , but then decided to create the portraits by the Hooghly River .  This
Beatriz Paez said she was terrified when a deputy U.S. . marshal walked toward her .  She said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so .  The U.S. . Marshals Service said it is reviewing the incident .
Police say a 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people at a bus stop .  The driver has been arrested and is under investigation .  A magistrate court has issued a gag order on details of the incident .
Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia , took responsibility for the attack .  Mohamed Mohamud , also known by aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere , is credited with having an extensive terrorist network in Kenya .  He has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years , including a quarry attack that killed at least 36 people .  Kenya 's Interior Ministry identifies another terrorist
TSA : Full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection ''  The TSA and most airports could not afford 100 % employee screening , the report says .  Only two major U.S. . airports require employees to be screened through metal detectors , a CNN investigation found .  TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson 's report comes after a Delta ramp worker and passenger were arrested for allegedly
In real life , it 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months .  It 's rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough that they run out of whatever food and drinking water they 'd brought aboard .  Louis Jordan says he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina
`` I ` m hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , '' Clinton said in a video officially kicking off her campaign .  Clinton , 67 , has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry .  As a New York senator for almost a decade , she represented Wall Street and courted the industry aggressively during her last presidential campaign .
`` This event reminds us that we are all immigrants and our life is a journey of migration , '' Imam says .  Libyan prison head says there is no system in place to send these people home , jail them or let them go .  About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa .  They denied they were heading to Europe and told
Actress Mindy Kaling 's brother says he posed as a black man to get into medical school .  Vijay Chokal-Ingam is pitching a book about his experiences as a `` hard-partying college frat boy ''  He says he hatched the plan in 1998 after realizing his grades were n't going to be good enough .  `` I shaved my head , trimmed my long Indian eyelashes , '' he says
Actor Jon Cryer performed `` Try a Little Tenderness '' on `` Late Late Show ''  The scene was from the 1986 John Hughes film .  James Corden tweeted that he 'd `` fulfilled a childhood dream '' by re-creating the scene .
A New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against Pedro Hernandez .  Hernandez confessed to police three years ago .  A judge ruled in November that Hernandez 's confession and waiving of his Miranda rights were legal .
Warren Weinstein appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda .  Peter Bergen : U.S. . made no serious effort to negotiate for Weinstein 's release .  He says Pakistani soldiers went door-to-door looking for the 73-year-old development expert .  Bergen : Dr . Shakil Afridi , a U.S. . spied for the CIA in Pakistan , was killed in a U.S. . drone strike
John T . Booker Jr . of Topeka , an American citizen also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan .  He is accused of trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base in Kansas .  Booker enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7,2014 .  He said he believed ISIS wanted him to commit a truck bombing in the
Susie Clark found a 3.69-carat diamond at Crater of Diamonds State Park .  It 's the largest found at the state park so far this year .  The park is the only public site in the world where anyone can dig for diamonds and keep them .
Italian authorities arrest 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea .  The alleged assailants -- Muslims from the Ivory Coast , Mali and Senegal -- threw the 12 overboard , police say .  The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat .
Washington University rowers were practicing in Creve Coeur Lake .  They were attacked by a swarm of Asian carp .  No one was injured .
None of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps in Nigeria has been identified .  Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest .  `` We have no idea where the Chibok girls are or were , '' CNN correspondent Christian Purefoy says .
Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed is battling muscular dystrophy .  He has completed marathons in Chicago , New York , Berlin and Tokyo .
`` We think there will be more activity today , '' a geologist says .  The volcano has already erupted twice this week .  Authorities issue a red alert for the popular tourist towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas .
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world .  In 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day .  Five years later , local officials say the city is much safer and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists .  U.S. . Rep . Robert `` Beto '' O ` Rourke of Texas was one
Ramalinga Raju , the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services , was also fined $ 804,000 .  Raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash .  Raju and nine others were convicted of cheating , criminal conspiracy , breach of public trust and other charges .
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott , 50 .  `` He grabbed my Taser , yeah . Yeah , '' he tells her , `` He was running from me ... . I ` m fine ''  `` I 'll never know why he ran , but I know he did n't deserve to die , '' Scott 's lawyer says .  `` I
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit .  ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher .  Iraqi officials say it may take weeks or months to exhume all the bodies .  Families of the missing soldiers had been demanding answers from the Iraqi government about what happened .  ISIS released videos of
Florida law threatens prosecution and loss of licensure for doctors who ask patients about gun ownership .  David Frum : It 's a good thing I do n't practice in Florida .  In Arizona , a bill requiring doctors who prescribe the abortion pill tell patients the pill is reversible .  Frum says lawmakers are overstepping bounds of patient-doctor relationship .
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years .  Her attorney says she has n't been able to find him to serve him the papers .  A judge says Facebook and Twitter are the `` next frontier '' as `` forums ''
Justice Anthony Kennedy returns to a familiar role as the court 's pivotal vote in the constitutionality of gay marriage .  Chief Justice John Roberts seems to lean more closely to conservative justices .  `` People feel very differently about something if they have a chance to vote on it , than if it 's imposed on them by the courts , '' he said .  Justice Antonin Scalia and
A magnitude-7 . 8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of Kathmandu rocked Nepal .  `` The worry now is to get Nepal up and running again on feet , '' U.S. . Geological Survey says .  `` The monsoons in a couple of months could make things worse if we do n't sort things out before then , '' scientist Kate Ravilious says .  The
Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on Emmanuel Sithole in Johannesburg 's Alexandra Township .  `` They looked like hardened thugs , just by their intensity , the way they moved , the expressions on their faces , '' he says .  `` They wanted one thing and that was to kill Emmanuel . They wanted his blood and nothing was going to stop them from doing that , ''
Jonathan Crombie co-starred in the `` Anne of Green Gables '' TV movies .  He died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage , producer says .  `` It was an amazing chemistry between him and Megan Follows , '' producer says .
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud pleads not guilty to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists .  He allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans .  `` I am confident in the system working fairly , '' his lawyer says .
117 migrants , mostly from sub-Saharan Africa , arrived in the port of Augusta , Sicily , around 1p . m . Tuesday .  So far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives .  Since 2000 , almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the Mediterranean .  `` I was taking a big risk . either I enter Europe or I die , '' a man from
A group of world powers known as the P5 + 1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country 's nuclear program .  The talks were historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S. . - Iranian relationship .  Over the course of the eight-day round of talks , negotiators were confined to the immediate area around the five-star Beau-Rivage Palace Hotel .  `` People negotiated hard , ''
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary Sunday night at the Dallas Cowboys stadium .  Reba McEntire showed the entire Cowboys stadium -- and many younger singers who do n't have half her energy -- how it 's done .  T-Swift was heating up the audience by singing and swaying along to country staples .  Garth Brooks ` All-American Kid `` welcomed a slew of U.S. .
Like phone booths and typewriters , record stores are a vanishing breed .  Record stores will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day on Saturday .  To their diehard customers , these stores are more than mere stores .
`` I think there 's a third alternative , and that is standing firm , '' Netanyahu says .  He says he sees better options than `` this bad deal or war ''  Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran .  President Barack Obama endorsed the deal , saying it was better than the alternatives .  GOP contenders for the party
`` Furious 7 '' is the seventh installment of the `` Fast and Furious '' franchise .  Peter Travers , Rolling Stone : `` Two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart ''  `` No one forks over 10 bucks to see one of these flicks for its logic ''  `` It 's entirely possible , of course , that my fandom has simply blinded me to
By Monday night , the fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres .  High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread .
Robert Downey Jr . is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a British journalist .  Dean Obeidallah : The journalist started asking personal questions about the actor 's political beliefs .  He says Downey has the right to refuse to answer the question , of course , but that 's not what he does next .  He says most celebrities , especially those with a big budget
Kagoshima District Court finds no `` irrationalities '' in new safety standards set out by the government .  The ruling could provide a fillip to the government 's plans to restart Japanese reactors .  Japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011 .  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy , arguing it is essential to the
A car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in Mogadishu , Somalia .  At least 10 people were killed , including a woman and a boy , police say .  Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .
Douglas Rushkoff : Hillary Clinton surprised the world by opening a campaign to `` rebrand '' herself .  He says her video , new logo and road trip , she reframes who she is , what she stands for .  He says from a marketing perspective , her launch may have been much more successful than critics think .  He says rebranding is a strategy to bring a new name
The spacecraft that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the Earth 's atmosphere in about a week , NASA says .  The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between May 5 and May 7 .  A planned rendezvous with the ISS six hours later was initially postponed to Thursday but has now been canceled .  The cargo ship is
Thousands of Yazidis now call the Shariya refugee camp in Iraqi Kurdistan home .  The vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of Sinjar , which is near the border with Syrian Kurdistan .  ISIS fighters separated the young women and girls , some as young as 8 years old , to be sold as slaves , for their `` masters '' to use as concubines
Danny Cevallos : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's killing was `` heinous , cruel and depraved ''  He says the prosecution 's case is underway : What does he likely to get and why ?  Cevallo : Cruelty shows a cold , callous indifference to innocent victims .  He says it 's a far cry from genuine remorse for the victims he 's killed and maimed .  He says he was the
Anuradha Koirala , the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year , has a rehab center in Kathmandu , Nepal .  She has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .  Another CNN Hero , Pushpa Basnet , and 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground in a nearby field .  `` I was not afraid that I was going to be killed
Hillary Clinton 's low-key campaign video is filled with women getting ready for life in the working world .  She 's betting that there is no better time for her to make history as the nation 's first woman president .  `` People are ready for a woman president , '' says Jennifer Lawless of American University .  `` This is as good a time as any for a women
Robert Boardwine 's friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant .  She thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent .  A court-ordered DNA test proved Boardwine is the biological father .
`` The submarine is in a dry dock , '' state-run news agency reports .  Rubber insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the submarine .  Nuclear fuel from the sub 's reactor has been unloaded , a spokesman says .
Education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in Goa .  She discovered a security camera pointing at the changing room , police say .  Four employees of the store have been arrested , but its manager is still at large .  The store is accused of voyeurism and breach of privacy .
Arsenal keep slim hopes of winning English Premier League alive with 1-0 win over Burnley .  Aaron Ramsey 's goal keeps Gunners within four points of first placed Chelsea .  Chelsea play Queens Park Rangers next week .
Yuhei Takashima says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women in the Philippines .  Police say he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 .  Police seized 147,600 photos of his activities over the years , police say .  He says stepping outside of moral codes relieved the pressure he felt at work .  The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists ,
Al-Shabaab opened fire at a college campus in Garissa on Thursday , killing 147 people .  The number of people killed is plaguing Kenyans with self-doubt .  Building a wall the length of the border with Somalia , recruit and train up thousands of new security officers .  Kenya will need a lot more help from its neighbors and the international community , including the U.S. .
`` We will continue to follow the evidence wherever it goes , '' police Commissioner Anthony Batts says .  Baltimore officials have a `` duty to protect the justice process , '' Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says .  `` It ca n't be the end . There 's been no charges . It cannot be the ending , '' she says .  `` We ` ve told the family from the
TV5Monde regains control of one of its 11 channels after a cyberattack .  The network says it was `` hacked by an Islamist group '' on a mobile site .  There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group .
Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer on `` The Price Is Right ''  Host Drew Carey could n't stop laughing .  It 's been a busy week for the popular game show .
`` This stunt was expected , '' Winston 's attorney says .  Erica Kinsman says Jameis Winston raped her in December 2012 .  Winston has said the sex was consensual .  `` Mr . Winston welcomes the opportunity to clear his name with the truth , '' his attorney says .  Winston is expected to be a top pick in the NFL Draft , which begins April 30 .
Consumer Reports : Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets , 11.9 million .  JetBlue was at the bottom of the list with 892,000 one-way passenger tickets , or 4.5 % of its total 19.7 million U.S. . seats .  The cost of miles is built into everything you buy that 's earning you miles , and the airlines profit from you not using your miles at all .  On
Ryan Gosling 's first feature as director , `` Lost River '' is still causing quite a stir at Cannes .  The film 's setting , a decaying Detroit , is the perfect backdrop for the director 's post-industrial gothic .  In London , the actor made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact , without Detroit 's crumbling edifices there would be
`` A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us , '' Muhammadu Buhari says after his victory .  `` The victory is yours , and the glory is that of our nation , '' he says .  `` I will continue to do my best at the helm of national affairs until the end of my tenure , '' Jonathan says .  `` You believe Nigeria 's future
A group of ISIS fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul .  They are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside Afghanistan .  One U.S. . military officer says the militants currently have limited capability but are trying to recruit disillusioned Taliban in several areas around country 's
John Sutter 's `` 2 degrees '' will be the subject of CNN 's next series on climate change .  The number is a way to focus the world 's attention , he says .  `` This is gambling with the planet , '' says Gernot Wagner , the lead economist at the Environmental Defense Fund .  Sutter will vote on the first story he 'll report for the series
Ernst Haas , one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers , was a regular on movie sets .  The photographers `` are definitely producing work for posterity , that very much has their own fingerprint on it , '' says John Jacob , the editor of a new book .  Haas ` work -- some of which is as famous as the movies he worked on --
A Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. . reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner ''  The Pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland .  A year ago , a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC-135U over the Sea of Okhotsk .
Zuriel Oduwole , 12 , is often described as `` the world 's youngest filmmaker ''  Born in California to a Nigerian father and a Mauritian mother , she has four documentaries under her belt .  Her most recent project , `` A Promising Africa , '' is the first in an ongoing series which will profile five African nations .  `` I ` ve interviewed 14 heads of state
Wladimir Klitschko is the IBF , WBA , WBO and IBO heavyweight champion .  He is preparing for an April 25 showdown with American challenger Bryant Jennings in New York .  He says the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset .  `` The aggression , in the military presence of -LRB- Russian -RRB- soldiers and military equipment in my country , Ukraine , is upsetting ,
Lady Antebellum 's tour bus caught fire on Interstate 30 just northeast of Dallas .  Hillary Scott , co-lead singer for the band , posted a photo of the charred bus on Instagram .  The band 's two other members , Charles Kelley and Dave Haywood , were not traveling on the bus .
Philippe Braham was one of 17 people killed in January 's terror attacks in Paris .  `` Today we all share the same pain ... I know they protect us from above , '' she says .  One month after the terror attacks , a gunman attacked a synagogue in Copenhagen , Denmark , killing Dan Uzan , a security guard for a bat mitzvah party .  `` I have
Ronen Ziv 's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu .  `` It 's terrifying , '' he says .
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab .  So far , the government has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up , an official says .  Kenyans use the hashtag # 147notjustanumber to talk about the lives of the victims .  President Uhuru Kenyatta says authorities `` got the job done '' and saved lives .  `` With the benefit of
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds .  His feat of swift consumption impressed some people but annoyed others .  Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia .
In 2015 , YouTube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in `` YouTube Spaces ''  `` Crawler in the Dark , '' a sci-fi horror movie set in Japan 's Meiji era , wo n't be released in theaters ; it 's going directly to YouTube .  Anyone can create a YouTube channel .  The most popular , 25-year-old gamer PewDiePie , has more than
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature .  He built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet , south of Budapest , with his high school friend Milan Berenyi .  Panels , some of steel , and some of glass , make up the structure of the house and a sheet of water is trapped between the
Linda Thompson says she would not have married Bruce Jenner if she had known about his `` gender issue ''  `` He can finally realize his need to be who he authentically is , who he was born to be , '' she says in a column for the Huffington Post .  `` The Bruce I knew back then was an easygoing , down-to-earth , casual , romantic , good
A replica of an 18th century French frigate fought with the United States ` founding fathers in the War of Independence .  It set sail in France on Saturday to retrace the journey 235 years after the original .  President Obama calls France `` our Nation 's oldest ally ''
`` It 's a very big decision to make , and every one of us ... made sure we came to the best conclusion , '' one juror says .  `` We got in there every day with open minds . We listened to the evidence . We heard what they had to say , '' a woman on the jury says .  `` I ` ve been here for
`` I knew of him as a football player , not a person , '' one juror says of Aaron Hernandez .  `` He did n't need to pull the trigger , '' Kelly Dorsey says of Hernandez .  `` We all deserve the same fair trial , and that 's what we wanted to make sure we gave him , '' a jury member says .  `` It 's
Vijay Chokalingam , brother of Mindy Kaling , revealed he posed as a black man in a scam .  Dean Obeidallah : `` The Mindy Project '' creator 's brother revealed he applied to medical school claiming to be an African-American .  He says he 's looking to write a book on his experiences , titled `` Almost Black : The True Story of an Indian American Who Got into
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris .  A 2009 inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office concluded that Bates was shown special treatment .  An attorney for the Harris family says Bates was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment .  The sheriff 's office denies the allegations in a newspaper 's report .  The Tulsa County
The U.S. . military has made great progress in developing a self-steering bullet .  The `` smart bullets '' -- . 50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors -- passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date .  An experienced marksman `` repeatedly hit moving and evading targets ''
In about five years , so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .  Roxanne Jones : Only 72,000 of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country are overweight .  Jones : The problem is so worrisome for the Army that recruiters have become fitness coaches .
Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb split in May 2014 .  Loeb is suing the 42-year-old Colombian-born actress in Los Angeles .  Loeb wants to keep the two embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term , but he does n't want any money from the egg donor .  `` Life begins at fertilization , '' Loeb says .  `` I have previously offered to waive any parental or financial
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was among five killed in an airstrike in Yemen , AQAP says .  He was once held by the U.S. . at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .  He was released as part of Saudi Arabia 's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists .  Yemen has been in disarray since Houthi rebels began asserting themselves last year .
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted : `` Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ''  The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch .
Police found the body of a 3-year-old girl who had apparently been dead for at least a few weeks .  The teen mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with death .  The parents may be in California with five other children , police say .
LZ Granderson : You can envision an America virtually marriage-free , with everyone happily single .  In the U.S. . , almost 42 million adults have been married more than once , he says .  He says studies show marriage is correlated with economic well-being , but it 's not clear whether the causality arrow goes from marriage toward economic benefit or in the other direction .  LZ : It
`` What Pet Should I Get ? '' debuts July 28 .  It 's the first Dr . Seuss book since `` Oh , the Places You 'll Go ! '' in 1990 .  The book is believed to have been written between 1958 and 1962 .
Van Jones : Is America a nation divided ? And has Ohio found a better way to bridge those divisions ?  Jones : It 's hard not to be concerned with these questions given the constant drumbeat of news about America 's crucial issues .  Jones : In Ohio , we have been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held our state back in the
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University .  He says it 's possible that the Gospel of Mary Magdalene could be older than first century .  He says the Gospel is not called `` The Gospel '' of Mary , but `` Mary ''
A suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan .  An Afghan lawmaker is among the 64 people wounded , police say .  The Taliban denies his group is responsible for the attack .
Euroskeptic Czech politician Vit Jedlicka planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory of Liberland on April 13 .  He says the country will be formally founded on May 1 .  It will use a form of cryptocurrency -- similar to Bitcoin -- as its national currency , bypassing the central bank for a central bank .  It will , according to its constitution , keep government 's
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala .  Kanye West and Kim Kardashian stepped around her .  The prank drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers .
About a third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine , including homeopathic remedies .  Remedies such as Coldese and Zicam came under fire from experts at a FDA hearing .  Experts testified at a two-day `` listening session '' for experts and members of the public .  They argue that the current FDA system is a good one and that the products are of high quality .  Many
Fans of Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in Celoron , New York .  The life-size bronze statue has been likened to Conway Twitty and Steve Buscemi .  A Facebook group called `` We Love Lucy ! Get Rid of this Statue '' is seeking to get rid of the `` ugly '' statue .  `` This statue is not fixable . I love my hometown and
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer .  It had Spanish subtitles on the screen .  `` Batman v . Superman : Dawn of Justice '' will be released on March 25,2016 .
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's residence .  Cesium was also discovered in areas around the failed Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant .  The discovery comes on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors .
Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna 's prolonged smooch onstage .  The rapper said he `` got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel 100 about that forever ''  The kiss went down after Drake performed `` Madonna , '' a song named for the megastar .  `` So @ Drake proves that kissing @ Madonna is about as ghastly as I always imagined it would
NEW : At least 74 children are known to have been killed since the fighting began on March 26 , UNICEF says .  Saudi airstrikes hit a military base , injuring at least a half dozen students , Yemeni officials say .  The school , which is about 500 meters from the base , was not the main target , the officials say .  The chaos in Yemen has left
`` Furious 7 '' earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend .  Many moviegoers said the final scenes still packed an emotional wallop .  Fans on Twitter and Facebook mostly praised the movie 's ending .
Steve Esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ` mother became ill during a trip to the U.S. . Virgin Islands .  The family is hopeful for a full recovery , the family 's attorney says .  The presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St . John may have caused the illnesses , the EPA says .  The use of the pesticides is restricted in the
Video from the patrol car of North Charleston 's Michael Slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions .  Scott 's family attorney says the man with Scott was a co-worker and friend .  `` This dash cam footage does not change the fact that at the moment the officer shot and killed Mr . Scott -- that shooting was completely unjustified , '' a lawyer says .  A
Lifetime has greenlit `` The Unauthorized Full House Story ''  It will look at the rise of the cast of `` Full House ''  The telepic will be produced by the Bell team of Front Street Pictures and Ringaling Productions .  Netflix revived the beloved family comedy as `` Fuller House ''
A bus collides with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco .  At least 35 people were killed , most of them children .  The crash happened near the city of Tan-Tan .
Emails between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were found .  One showed Ronald Reagan feeding a chimp in the 1951 comedy `` Bedtime for Bonzo ''  Another showed a photo of bare-chested dancing women , apparently in Africa , with the caption `` Michelle Obama 's High School Reunion ! ''  Emails made offensive references to President Obama , first lady Michelle Obama and Muslims
Every culture , every generation , remakes Jesus in its own image .  If you turned on the television this past Sunday , a new vision of Jesus came into view .  Haaz Sleiman , from `` Killing Jesus , '' was born and raised in Lebanon .  Adam Bond , a British actor of mixed heritage , plays Jesus in `` A.D. . ''
Unicef , the United Nations Children 's Fund , has granted rare access to Sanaa Airport .  The airport has previously been bombed , but the U.N. . hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies .  More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began .  The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels
President Barack Obama explained U.S. . foreign policy moves on Iran and Cuba as the `` Obama doctrine ''  Frida Ghitis : U.S. . policy in the Middle East remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground .  She says U.S. . will only use `` capabilities '' when its national security is at stake .  She says the Arab world is simply not ready to
Scores of dead fish appear in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon in Rio de Janeiro .  Officials have launched an investigation into the causes of death .  Last week , a sailor crashed into trash on Guanabara Bay .
The lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is driving dissidents to post online .  Frida Ghitis : Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .  But it still brings resistance , some legal , some of it deadly , she says .  By far the biggest jailer of journalists in the world is China ,
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial .  Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .  The trial will next move into a penalty phase .
Nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years .  Nepal has been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934 , when more than 10,000 people were killed .  The epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu , where the majority of Nepal 's citizens reside , makes the situation even more dire .  Even
On Thursday 's episode of `` Somebody 's Gotta Do It , '' Mike Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke .  Rowe and 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. . waterways .
Dr . Anthony Moschetto , 54 , is charged with solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , prescription sale and weapons charges .  `` None of anything in this case has any evidentiary value , '' Randy Zelin says on CNN 's `` New Day ''  `` He 's got patients to see ... the only thing that he cared about were his patients , '' he says .
`` He was outgoing -- loved everybody , -LRB- was -RRB- very known in the community , '' Scott 's brother says .  Scott was killed Saturday by a South Carolina police officer .  A family lawyer says Scott ran from an officer does n't result in the death penalty .
Sally Kohn : Koch , Walmart , Target , ColorOfChange . org , Center for American Progress adopt fair-chance hiring policies .  She says it 's a step forward in movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records .  She says these policies disproportionately affect African-Americans , who are incarcerated at a rate six times that of whites .  She says they help break down the stigma
Mario Valencia , 36 , was arrested in Marana , Arizona , after stealing a car and stealing a rifle .  He took the gun and ammo and fled into a busy office park , police say .  Valencia faces 15 charges , including shoplifting the . 30-30 rifle .  He is in Pima County Jail and will appear in court again on May 18 .
On April 20,2010 , a cement seal of an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico failed , causing the worst environmental disaster in U.S. . history .  Scientists continue to study environmental impacts , but five years after the spill , the long-term negative effects remain unclear .  BP 's vice president of communications says there is no doubt birds , fish , turtles , sub-sea vegetation and even
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the beating of a suspect .  In videotaped beating , deputies use a stun gun on a man after he falls from a horse .  The suspect , Francis Pusok , appeared to be kicked 17 times , punched 37 times and hit with a baton four times .  The ACLU of Southern California says it is ``
Jody Farley-Berens started Singleton Moms after her friend died of cancer .  Since 2006 , the nonprofit has provided practical , financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents .  Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 .
Senate passes Medicare reform bill 92 to 8 .  It includes a permanent solution to the `` doc fix ''  The bill also includes a two-year extension of a popular children 's health insurance program .  Some conservative senators , including Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz , balked at the more than $ 200 billion price of the bill .
Kenya 's athletics federation suspends two management companies .  Dennis Kimetto 's agent has been banned ahead of doping investigations .  Rosa & Associati represented Rita Jeptoo , who was banned for two years for EPO .  Volare Sports ` clients include Kimetto and Wilson Kipsang .
Chief Secretary to the Treasury caught on camera drinking with Brooke Magnai .  The pair were snapped at Bar One in Inverness as part of the Nip festival .  Ms Magnati-also known as Belle de Jour-was also snapped with Mr Alexander .  Comes as David Cameron faced a growing revolt over his ` flat-footed ' election campaign .
Brendan Rodgers and Judith O ` Hagan were found guilty of leaving a property to rot .  The Liverpool boss was ordered to pay # 400 and # 375 costs at Blackburn magistrates ` court .  The # 69,950 terrace house in Accrington was left in a state of disrepair for three years .  The pair had been ordered to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to
London Wasps captain James Haskell dressed as Iron Man on Instagram .  The England flanker returned to Wasps for the 2012 season .  He has played for Stade Francais , Ricoh Black Rams and Highlanders in New Zealand .  The highly-anticipated Avengers : Age of Ultron movie premiered at Westfield London shopping centre on Tuesday .
Nigel Farage caused controversy by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in Britain .  Ed Miliband said his comments were ` disgusting ' , Nick Clegg said they were ` politics of the lowest form '  George Osborne , when asked , said he was ` not going to dignify that with a response '  Ukip leader insisted afterwards he had the ` overwhelming
A woman was rescued from her car at Zetland in Sydney 's inner-east .  She had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon 's severe storms .  The woman was one of two people who had become trapped in rising waters .  She was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work .  The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that
Mike Holpin , 56 , of Ebbw Vale , Monmouthshire , says he had 40 children by 20 women .  Says he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street .  He keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back .  ` I wo n't stop -LSB- having children -RSB- . Never stop . In the Bible , God says go forth
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Tuesday night .  Luis Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the Catalan giants .  The Uruguayan striker was nervous about playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar when he arrived at the Nou Camp .  The pair formed a devastating partnership in attack for Barca last season .  Marc-Andre ter Stegen is likely to start in goal for Barcelona
Elephants often use their trunk to hold onto another mammal 's tail .  But one baby elephant decided to go it alone when it walked in single file .  The baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd at Whipsnade Zoo .  It uses its trunk to pick something up from the floor before breaking the chain .  The cheeky mammal then cheekily forces its way into the line
Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana .  He will now face federal charges , which lawyers believe he can win , before a murder trial in California .  The 72-year-old was arrested at a hotel in the New Orleans capital in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx .  Authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room
Harry Kane will play for England 's Under 21s at this summer 's European Championships .  The 21-year-old made an instant impact on the England team with a goal on his debut against Lithuania at Wembley .  Roy Hodgson said he was more than happy to accept Gareth Southgate would have the first pick of Harry certainly and people like John Stones might come into that category .  Kane will
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The Filipino boxer posted a video of his morning run on Instagram .  The 32-year-old was joined by his training entourage for a grueling training session .
Stephen Munden , 54 , has been missing since 6.15 pm on Tuesday .  He was last seen leaving a hospital , near Hook , Hampshire .  Officers have launched a manhunt to find him-who was detained under Mental Health Act .  He was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 .  Court heard he deliberately sat near a three-year-old girl and stroked her hand .
The Ayew and Francois Bellugou scored for Lorient .  The result was Lorient 's first win in a poor run of five games .  Marseille had not won at home since January 31 .
Three-week old kitten Uno and Louie , a full-grown dog , met in Spokane , Washington , earlier this month .  The Pogue family , who recently adopted Uno , are said to have a great track record with kittens .  Louie 's mother , whom the family adopted at the same time , looks on approvingly .
Gertrude Pitkanen would sell babies for as little as $ 100 in Butte , Montana .  The infants were taken from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born .  Families were forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window .  The transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in the 1920s .  Most of the victims have now aged , have families
Glenn Ford was too weak to stand when Marty Stroud walked into his Louisiana home last week but shook his hand .  The 65-year-old , who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer after his release last year , said he could not forgive him for what he had done as a young lawyer .  Ford was accused of shooting a jeweler and watchmaker , Isadore Rozeman , in 1983
Image is of ` CEO Barbie ' , a doll which first appeared in the Eighties .  It comes from a 2005 spoof article that jokingly states ` women do n't run companies '  Several high-powered women , including Chelsea Clinton , have re-tweeted the results .
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of Port Hope , Ontario , used Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006 .  They were told their donor had an IQ of 160 , a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience , a master 's degree in artificial intelligence , and was working on his PhD .  But they have accused the sperm bank of false advertising .  In June 2014
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother .  On Nov . 11,2014 , the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale , New Jersey .  Investigators located the infant 's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at Carrow Road .  The midfielder scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season in the first half .  The Canaries moved into the Championship 's top two for the first time since October .  Alex Neil 's side had an early shout for a penalty waved away when Tom Lees appeared to bundle over Cameron Jerome in the
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over .  The Royal Horticultural Society is calling on people to plant trees , shrubs , climbers , hedges or flowers to turn the UK green again .  A survey of 2,000 people found 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood .  The RHS has launched a three year ` greening grey Britain '
Bayern Munich host Borussia Dortmund at the Allianz Arena on Saturday .  Captain Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury .  Franck Ribery , Arjen Robben , Javi Martinez , David Alaba , Thiago Alcantara and Holger Badstuber all ruled out .  Pep Guardiola says players need to work together to compensate for missing players .  Bayern have seven games in the next
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday 's friendly draw with Italy at the Juventus Stadium .  Frankly , it is embarrassing to listen to-a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters .  England face the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on June 7 .  It was at Lansdowne Road on February 15 that year when rioting England fans-many of them associated with the neo-Nazi group Combat 18-caused
David Cameron was speaking in an almost empty science park on the city 's outskirts .  Mr Cameron was looking straight into a merciless , piercing , armpit-moistening sun .  Mr Cameron had spent the morning in Poole , Dorset and apparently ate a hot dog while he was there .  One of his police bodyguards made plain his feelings by being spectacularly sick , poor soul .
Sean Donohoe , 30 , from Wilnecote , Tamworth , plundered pensioner 's accounts .  He spent thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV .  He persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap benefits .  Then secretly took out two life insurance policies , both of which named him as beneficiary .  Judge said : ` You
Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield -LRB- Monday , 8pm -RRB- .  Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool 's visit with a hamstring injury .  Emre Can and Daniel Sturridge will also be fit for the match .  Newcastle defender Daryl Janmaat should be fit to take his place .  Papiss Cisse and Siem de Jong have returned to training , but neither will be involved .  Newcastle have not lost
Iona Costello , 51 , and her 14-year-old daughter Emily , from Greenport , were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport .  Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan .  Relatives of the family , who own a horse farm on Long Island 's North Fork , reported them missing on Tuesday .  Emily did
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 7-6 -LRB- 8 / 6 -RRB- 4-6 6-3 .  The Spaniard will now face David Ferrer in the last eight .  Roger Federer was beaten by Gael Monfils in straight sets .
Pensions minister Steve Webb has urged people to not make rash decisions .  Mr Webb said over-55s ` do n't have to rush this ' and insisted there was ` a case for waiting and seeing '  He said April 6 was the ` starting gun ' and not a ` deadline ' , adding : ` This is n't a mad scramble rush to do something this morning '
Lisa Morgan , 40 , amended the Top of the World Roofing website to expose Sean Meade .  The roofing boss , 45 , moved in to Miss Morgan 's house in Chatham , Kent .  She said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night , not returning home .  She also contacted his estranged wife Joanne , who told her he had cheated on her
The Pentagon announced Tuesday it would exhume the remains of nearly 400 sailors and Marines who were killed on the USS Oklahoma on December 7,1941 .  The ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the surprise attack from Japanese forces .  Altogether , 429 sailors and Marine onboard were killed , only 35 were identified in the years immediately after .  In 1950 , they were reburied as
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago when she led manhunt for killer Raoul Moat .  Chief constable said she was ` sad ' to leave the force but is retiring to spend more time with her family .  It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated by her Police and Crime Commissioner 's office for alleged misconduct .  But it was reported those
Trey Moses , a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville , Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year , asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom .  He surprised her with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading : ` Let 's Party Like it 's 1989 ' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift .  Ellie accepted the promposal
Phil Haste , 60 , was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car .  But he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard .  Businessman said it was a ` diabolical ' decision to fine him .  Government abolished paper tax discs on October 1 last year .  Mr Haste said : ` I would rather go to court than pay
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who do n't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits .  This includes $ 726 from Family Tax Benefit A , $ 7,500-a-year from childcare rebate and $ 200 a week from the childcare benefit scheme .  A ` contentious loop hole ' means parents can avoid loosing their benefits by signing a form that says they
Biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland say eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species , like owls .  The team were able to test the theory by showing great tits pictures of owl butterflies that had been digitally altered , and watching their reaction .  Images where the eye spots had been removed from the butterfly wings did not
Natasha Willard , 17 , was studying art and Welsh in the sixth form at Torfaen 's Llantarnam School when she fell ill .  She appeared to get the flu just before Christmas and her condition has worsened , leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to talk .  Miss Willard 's family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly .  She has been diagnosed
A handful of Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for mocking the Munich Air Disaster during Sunday 's 4-2 derby defeat by Manchester United .  The group were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy .  Police praised the ` overwhelming majority ' of fans after just eight people were arrested at the derby .
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer .  The Colombian striker has struggled to reach the heights he achieved .  Nabil Dirar believes he must be regretting his loan move to Old Trafford .
The families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets ` home opener at Citi Field on Monday .  The widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres .  New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch , at Fenway Park in Boston-but did n't do himself proud .  De Blasio 's relations
Carlisle United lost 3-1 to Accrington Stanley at the Crown Ground .  The Cumbrians are without a win in five games in League Two .  Keith Curle said some players ` do n't deserve to be professionals '  Carlisle were relegated from League One last season .
Terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire .  The clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie .  Cars are filmed turning around in the road and driving back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno .  Visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero .  After a few seconds intense blue flames emerge through smoke and dust .  Wildfires
Jordan Meikle stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him .  The 23-year-old was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers at the London Marathon .  While stretching he suddenly produced a ring box from behind his back .  His girlfriend , Kayleigh Harris , appears speechless by the sudden gesture .  He then seals the deal with a kiss and a cuddle and carries on with his race .
Kim Hill was sexually abused by her step-father Derek Osborne .  The 31-year-old was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie at the age of nine .  She was even made to watch pornographic films when she was eight .  Her partner Rob , 34 , asked her if she had been abused as a child .  While planning their wedding in 2013 , Rob asked her about
Abedin has known Hillary Clinton since 1996 , when she scored a White House internship working for the then-first lady .  In 2008 Clinton tapped her to be her ` body woman ' when she ran for president the first time .  She shadowed Hillary everywhere and anticipated her every need -- from food orders and dry cleaning to lint rollers and cosmetic touch-ups .  Abedin had a personal email
Vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage .  Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines .  New rocket 's first stage will be powered by a pair of liquid-oxygen and liquefied methane engines .  They will be designed to return to Earth , so they can be refurbished and reflown .  Reusing the engines will enable
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a ` detox '  Freekah , spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as the latest craze in healthy eating .  Each comes with its own promise , with claims of ` melting away fat cells '  But what is the truth ? I asked Sophie Claessens , our Vavista dietitian , to pick the ` miracle ' foods from the fads .  We
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager at the end of June .  The German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League .  The 47-year-old will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 .  He has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .  He denied reports that he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion .
Rebecca Adlington , 26 , is eight months pregnant with her first child .  Olympic gold medalist says being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles .  Has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy .  Says she was n't ready for maternity stuff and was used to being in charge of her body .  Married fellow swimmer Harry Needs , 23
Firm 's revenues fell by nearly # 100million last year to # 217.2 million , it was announced today .  Chairman Andy Haste says that Wonga might change its name .  Firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending , as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters .  Wonga 's financial woes are expected to continue thanks to a
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago .  Had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts .  At just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight by doctors .  27-year-old , from Tamworth , Staffordshire , was ordered to go to the gym .  Now a healthy 9.5 st , Ms Hollis says bodybuilding changed her life .  Says working out has given her the confidence
The Druids Nephew won on the opening day of last month 's Cheltenham Festival .  Jockey Aidan Coleman stepped in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty .  The eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the # 1million steeplechase at Aintree on Saturday .  Coleman 's two latest rides in the race have seen him unseated from a hampered The Rainbow Hunter .  ` Sometimes you are ahead and sometimes you
50 per cent of pensioners panicked after stock market fell by 30 per cent .  Those who sold investments with pension of # 100,000 would only have # 63,000 today .  Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University .  It comes days before retirees in Britain are given power to decide how to spend life savings .
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence .  But this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court .  The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year .  Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a island for a school trip .  Victims ` relatives criticised original verdict which acquitted him of homicide
Luke Shambrook , 11 , has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park .  He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground at 9.30 am on Good Friday .  He has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .  He may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide , according to his family .  The autistic boy is ` fascinated
Kelly Watson , 41 , was diagnosed with early-onset dementia at just 41 .  She started struggling with her words and co-ordination three years ago .  Despite regular trips to GPs , it was never suggested she was too young .  After tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news .  She is now terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter , Holly .  Kelly said
Walter Scott , 50 , was shot dead by police officer Michael Slager on April 4 .  Scott 's funeral was held at W.O. . R.D. . Ministries in Summerville , South Carolina .  Pastor Dr George Hamilton spoke out against the officer , who has been charged with murder .  He said : ` Walter 's death was motivated by racial discrimination . You ' ve got to hate
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ` Jesus Family tomb ' in the city 's East Talpiot neighbourhood .  It bears the inscription ` James , son of Joseph , brother of Jesus ' on one side .  The ossuary is a 1st-century chalk box that was used to hold the bones of the dead .  It was discovered in 1980 and
Reanne Evans failed in a bid to reach the Betfred World Championship .  The 10-time winner of the Ladies ` World Championship was beaten 10-8 by Ken Doherty .  World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard .  Hearn says the 29-year-old must go through the qualifying school to earn a place .  He added on Twitter : ` I hope @ WorldSnooker1 make a good
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester .  It was left by builders who were renovating the property in Hough Green , Chester .  Oblivious to true value and historical significance , construction workers dismantled it .  It was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson , a four-poster bed specialist .  But he was shocked when his new
Both men and women competed on the same course for the first time in 87 years .  Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in the 161st men 's boat race .  President Constantine Louloudis now has four Boat Race victories under his belt .  Oxford 's women made it a Dark Blue double with victory by six-and-a-half lengths .  Their male counterparts raced on the historic first battle
Sid Ahmed Ghlam , 24 , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest .  Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home .  Also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria ` who ' clearly asked him to target a church `  Arrest comes hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain , 33 .  The mother
Scientists found signs of bacteria which had suffered severe oxygen depletion and hydrogen sulphide poisoning .  This would have been caused by massive volcanic rifts in the Earth 's tectonic plates .  The Panthalassic Ocean was the vast global ancestral Pacific ocean that surrounded the supercontinent Pangaea .  The rocks are now exposed on the Queen Charlotte Islands , off the coast of British Columbia , Canada .  Experts say
Married at First Sight 's Jaclyn Methuen revealed that she is finally ready to physically consummate their marriage .  The 30-year-old actress once considered leaving her groom at the altar because she was unimpressed with his looks .  Ryan , 29 , visited his wife 's apartment in Union , New Jersey but told her it was too far away from his real estate job in Long Island .  While
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a ` great bid '  But the Turkey international did n't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany .  Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool before returning to Borussia Dortmund .  The 26-year-old is back ` home ' in Dortmund after an unsuccessful spell at Real Madrid .
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award .  The Chelsea playmaker has scored 13 goals in 32 appearances .  Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more selfish .  Hazard has scored eight assists in 32 games for Chelsea this season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Senior Judge Denzil Lush said the sisters were unsuitable to control mother 's affairs .  The mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville .  She owns a # 600,000 house , has savings and shares worth # 100,000 , and has an income of # 1,200 a month .  The sisters agreed with their mother in 2007 that they should draw up an
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National .  The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par .  Neil was playing with fellow countryman and former Masters winner Sandy Lyle .
Tiger Woods returned to action at Augusta National ahead of The Masters .  The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries .  Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008 .  The last of his four Masters wins was a decade ago .  The 14-time major winner said he was ready to compete for a fifth Masters title .  Woods
Chelsea are set to take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June .  Jose Mourinho 's side could face Sydney at the ANZ Stadium on June 2 .  If they agree terms , they are expected to fly out on Wednesday .  Harry Kane 's whereabouts in June is undecided , although it appears he will play for England Under 21s .  The Copa America begins on June
The vaccine is designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells .  It 's being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer .  Vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that 's found in about 95 per cent of cancers .  If successful , it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially
Admiral Mike Mullen , former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter .  The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that the Army Sgt . served honorably .  The claims come
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft .  The map lets you see features on the surface including craters , hills , mountains and even ` canyons '  The Dawn spacecraft spent a year , from 2011 to 2012 , mapping and exploring Vesta .  It is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson 's England squad last month .  The 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for Southampton .  But he has struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received .  The left-back played the final few minutes of England 's 1-1 draw in Turin .  Nathaniel Clyne started at right-back for England
Kamron Taylor , 23 , was caught in South Side , Chicago , with a loaded gun on Friday night .  Officers chased him three blocks before he was apprehended .  He is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the Kankakee County Sheriff 's Office .  Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr , 21 .  In February
The 32-year-old dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000 ft high Mount Paektu , near the Chinese border , before visiting troops at the mountain 's base .  Pictures released by North Korean state media show the dictator smiling on the top at sunrise .  He greeted Korean People 's Army pilots at the summit , telling them that the climb had given him mental energy ` more powerful than nuclear weapons
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday .  It was back in 1998 that Dick Advocaat said the Old Firm clash was just another game .  The Dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry .  The Black Cats are one point above the relegation zone and could be in the bottom three by kick-off .  Sunderland 's Adam Johnson
Walter Scott was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over .  Court records show he had already been jailed three times for missing payments .  His family believe he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind .  But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge .  Scott spent a night in jail in 2012 when
Tom O ` Carroll is a leading member of the Paedophile Information Exchange .  He was a key activist for PIE , which campaigned to legalise child sex .  He attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25 .  The organisation is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' Independent Press Standards Organisation .  The 69-year-old was jailed in 1981
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal on Tuesday night .  The World Cup winner became the leading German scorer in the competition .  The 25-year-old led the celebrations with fans after the match .  Pep Guardiola 's side are now in the last four of the competition .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern Munich news
Tony Pulis is adamant that Jeremy Peace will sell West Brom for # 150million .  Peace will only sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily .  Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America , China and Australia .
Ivan Milat , Australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers .  Channel Seven 's Sunday Night will tell the story of Milat 's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution .  The revelation includes first-hand evidence from his older brother , Boris , into the killer 's ` secret victim '  ` Do n't hold yourself responsible , '
Little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , sits behind large machine gun .  Tells man she is ` shooting at Daesh ' , the Arabic name for ISIS .  Claims she has killed 400 of the extremists so far , before firing several rounds .  As she fires the gun , he says : ` Kill , kill ' , according to Vocativ . com
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out Saturday night .  Crawford remained undefeated , winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class .  The scheduled 12-round fight in North Texas came a week before Crawford , now 26-0 with 18 knockouts , is scheduled to be in New York to accept his 2014 fighter of the year
Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship .  Stuart McCall 's side are one-point ahead of Hibernian and six points behind Queen of the South .  Rangers face Dumbarton in the play-offs on Saturday .  The Ibrox men have a 3-0 defeat against Queens and a 1-1 draw with Livingston either side of Sunday 's four-goal romp over Raith .  Rangers ` final-day tie with Hearts at Tynecastle was
Patrick Kramer , 33 , from Springville , Utah , specialises in exceptionally-realistic paintings .  His paintings are so realistic it 's impossible to tell apart from a photo .  The US artist builds up layers of oil paint on a board or canvas .  This allows him to add subtle shadowing , which appear almost three-dimensional .  He also constructs more surreal variations on still life , involving insects
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect .  Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey .  ` As long as it 's not visible in the Army uniform ... that 's the spirit of what we went after , ' said Dailey .
Shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub since it wandered up to their house gate .  The family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family 's home in Tulun , Russia .  The bear , nicknamed Mishutka , will soon become a massive beast that will be expensive to feed and shelter .  The family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear
Russian Premier League team Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium .  Club 's fans displayed a Nazi flag during Sunday 's 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula .  The punishment is the club 's fourth racism-related punishment this season .  They were also forced to play behind closed doors for a separate incident in which fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants .
Five time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen , now 68 , was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom , Murphy Brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988 .  In her new memoir , A Fine Romance , she reveals that her father , Edgar Bergen , belittled her looks and favored his sidekick Charlie
The Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing .  It 's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect .  Prince George 's first year-which boosted the economy by # 247m-is anything to go by .  A little girl could bring in # 150m for the British economy .  The term ` The Prince George effect ' was coined just three days after
A defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday .  Her boyfriend , Caleb Barnes , 20 , who is from El Paso , Texas , but was stationed at Fort Meade , Maryland , is charged with homicide .  The teen 's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow
Ben Gibson , 22 , is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for Middlesbrough .  His uncle , Steve Gibson , has overseen some of the most significant times in the club 's history .  The Teessiders won the Carling Cup in 2004 and reached the UEFA Cup final in 2006 .  Boro face Norwich City in the Capital One Cup on Saturday .  Gibson 's side are
Images capture the work of Japan 's ` lonely death ' squads , who specialise in clearing properties of elderly people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months .  Most of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life-including unwashed dinner plates , unopened letters and calenders several years out of date .  In rapidly ageing Japan , more people
A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle .  The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta , northeast Victoria .  The man sprayed the door with an insect repellent , forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle .  The spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle .  The video has already garnered over
Loretta Burroughs , 63 , was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband , Danny , in May 2013 .  Danny Burroughs ` remains were found at his wife 's home in Ventnor , New Jersey , in 2013 .  Mrs Burroughs told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to
The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team , using their followers as an indicator of allegiance .  Using the ` Zoom to ' function fans can also look at any country around the world and compare their club with a rival .  Liverpool dominate the UK , while Arsenal have a large following in the rest of the world with pockets of support
Coronation Street star , 27 , unveils summer range for Lipsy .  Full of colourful print playsuits , cool crochet and lots of sophisticated lace .  Says her ultimate beauty secrets are drinking lots of water and taking her make-up off before bed .  Also swears by LVL eyelash ` flicking ' treatments .  Garnier Ambre Solaire campaign lands today .  Has been hard at work in the design studio
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date .  He is combining drugs and supplements with regular health checks .  He shunns marriage , children and material assets to focus on research .  He is a director of the UK-based Biogerontology Research Foundation think tank , which is dedicated to longer life and
Sandra Garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations .  Doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering .  She told her husband she was ` popping out ' on Good Friday .  Hours later her body was found at the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen , West Midlands .  Husband Steve said : ` She was in
Queens Park Rangers are in the drop zone with 28 points .  Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the Premier League with three wins .  QPR conceded a late goal against Chelsea to lose 1-0 at Loftus Road .  QPR face West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester .
Gang used heavy-duty Hilti DD350 drill to break into secure vault .  They raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins of gems .  Amazingly , the hole used by the gang was just 45cm wide and 25cm high .  Police are offering a # 20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction .  Detectives said the crime had been carried out by an ` Ocean 's
The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon .  Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter , Chalena Mae Moody , had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care .  In March , Moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for
2,700 tourists rushed off Liberty Island in New York 's harbor .  911 caller said he was ` going to blow up ' the landmark .  NYPD 's bomb squad scrambled , but full search of island failed to find anything explosive .  Official all-clear given around 4 : 30 pm , by which time park 's 4pm closing time had passed .
Clint Chadbourne , 71 , was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts .  He was with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop .  When Clint tried to get out the car , his gut was stuck in his seatbelt .  He said in a thick Maine accent : ` I am stuck in this cah ... I ' m getting hydrophobic `  His wife
Manny Pacquiao grew up in the Philippines and was born with little before becoming a boxer .  ` Kid Kulafu ' charts his rise from humble beginnings to a boxing career .  Director Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film .
Robin van Persie 's son Shaqueel scored with a ` scorpion kick ' in his back garden .  Van Persie Snr . posted the video on his Instagram account .  The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert .  The Holland international will reportedly be offered # 5million to leave Old Trafford .
Tottenham face Newcastle in the Premier League on Saturday .  Mauricio Pochettino says another Europa League campaign could hamper their chances .  Spurs have struggled against Burnley and Aston Villa this season .  But the Spurs boss says another year in the competition will hamper Spurs ` chances .  He has told John Carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham
Gordon Jack , 47 , was taken to hospital when emergency services were called .  Father-of-three was covering the dress rehearsal of Andy Murray 's wedding .  He fell on a stone in the graveyard of Dunblane Cathedral yesterday .  Mr Jack , a photographer for Scotimage agency in Linlithgow , West Lothian .  He died from complications following a heart attack at Forth Valley Hospital , near Falkirk .
Sheila Secker , 78 , had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son .  But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off .  When she collapsed in her home in December , she could not contact her family .  Vodafone retired her number without warning and she died in hospital a few days later .
Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were ` surviving ' now that they finally had time to process their son 's death .  Eddie Routh shot dead Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield at a Texas gun range in 2013 , after the pair took him shooting to help him cope with his PTSD .  Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without
Christy Mack , 23 , was attacked by MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver , 33 , in August 2014 .  Mack says he became abusive months into their one-year relationship .  Couple met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her .  He allegedly beat her then told him to go , but not to phone 911 .  Mack was left with 18
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned that Bikram yoga , which involves performing 26 poses , raises the risk of participants suffering heat stroke .  A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 °C -LRB- 105 °F -RRB- , with 40 per cent humidity .  Heart rate fluctuated throughout the class , depending on the difficulty of the pose
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea .  The Germany international has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid since last summer 's World Cup .  Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic hopes to have a clearer idea of whether he will be able to join Inter Milan .  James Milner remains a free transfer option for Liverpool .  Sunderland
Gender equality rules , laid down by the EU Court of Justice , came into effect from December 2012 .  They meant many car insurance firms had to change pricing policies , including ` female-focused ' insurers Sheilas ` Wheels .  Insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male , such as construction workers and civil engineers .  Someone
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training .  The 36-year-old retired last May after struggling to return from a knee injury .  Reports claim he could return to playing with New York City or Al-Sadd .
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter .  Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants .  The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons , valued at $ 11.8 billion -LRB- # 7.9 billion -RRB- .  Cocoa butter with altered melting points may find new
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Adelaide Strikers .  The 39-year-old has signed a two-year deal with the franchise .  Gillespie will take up his role with the full blessing of Yorkshire .  Gillespie played in 71 Tests and 97 one-day internationals for Australia .
The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm , meaning ` determination ' , on Wednesday , revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces .  The new offensive is expected to be the bloodiest fighting season in a decade .  A US base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today .  Improvised explosive devices -LRB- IEDs -RRB- were also reportedly detonated in Kunar
Purvi Patel , 33 , was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent .  She bought abortion drugs on the internet to cause a miscarriage .  She told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn and disposed of the body in a dumpster .  Ms Patel , of Granger , Indiana , also handed down a six-year suspended sentence .  The court heard that she
Individual stereo and colour images from a total of 89 Martian orbits were combined to create the map .  Mosaic ` MC-11 East ' stretches over 1,120 miles -LRB- 1800km -RRB- from north to south and 810 miles -LRB- 1,300 km -RRB- from east to west .  It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet , parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel , the chaotic Aram
Davion Only , 16 , has been adopted by his old caseworker Connie Bell Going in Florida .  She has known the teen since he was seven years old .  On April 22 she will officially become his mother .  She said that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family , but she said it was worth it .  He captured hearts in 2013 when he
Jose Mourinho described SW19 as ` more than a Grand Slam '  The Chelsea manager was given a tour of Wimbledon by former British No 1 Tim Henman .  Murray beat Novak Djokovic in the 2013 final to end Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's champion .
David Templeton will form part of a Rangers guard of honour on Sunday .  Templeton made his first start in almost three months against Cowdenbeath last weekend .  Rangers romped to the title with seven games to spare and currently sit 26 points in front of the Rangers side fighting to finish as best of the rest ahead of the play-offs .  Templeton insists he has had no regretful thoughts
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1 , 6-4 in Monte Carlo .  The sixth seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final .  Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set .
The 20-day-old ` spider goat ' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs .  The goat is growing quickly and healthily with ` an extraordinary appetite '
Music lovers paid nearly # 40 to see the rapper perform in Canterbury .  He then played just two songs before leaving , telling the crowd : ` See you on tour '  Club Chemistry apologised and accused Tinie of breaking his contract .  Ticket-holders had been warned they would not be let in if they arrived after 11pm .  One member of the audience said she stormed out in
Lauren Hill , 19 , was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in nearby Lawrenceburg , Indiana .  She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month after playing with her college team at Mount St Joseph University in Cincinnati to raise $ 1.5 million for childhood cancer .  Hill
Jon Reiter , a contractor from Kenwood , California , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit .  He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured , but one doctor told him : ` Do n't worry , you are just comforting these people . Most of them are not going to survive '  He said he was forced to zip
confused bird was spotted flying into London along the Thames .  Distinctive bird with orange beak was spotted by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident .  The puffin was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket , before being handed to a specialist centre in Dorset to recuperate .
Yaya Toure was accused by Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon 's free-kick at Selhurst Park on Monday .  The midfielder was part of a five-man wall when Puncheon stepped up to double Crystal Palace 's lead .  Toure is paid # 200,000-a-week by the Premier League champions .
Former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders broke her silence over fling .  Said : ` We `` dated '' fleetingly in 2004 . Very costly few weeks it turns out '  Accused media of ` raking over ' Mr Miliband 's past in run-up to election .  But in fact revelation about timing of her relationship was revealed by Mrs miliband .  She revealed the couple had first met at
Biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem used high speed videos of octopuses as they negotiated obstacles .  They found that the orientation of the creature 's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain .  Octopuses are thought to have evolved from clam-like creatures in the mollusc family .  But as they lost their hard protective shell , they seem to .  have evolved to move
A wallaby has been caught on camera ` punching ' a wombat at Wilsons Promontory National Park , in southeast Victoria .  Onlookers were shocked as they filmed the native Australian 's actions .  The wallaby turned around and gave the Wombat a little crack on the nose .  Unlike this encounter , wallabies typically use their strong hind legs to deliver a powerful kick when they are feeling threatened
Series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages .  Women are told they are ` vital to the success of the British economy '  Pensioners are praised for their ` wealth of experience ' according to the letter-writing guide .  Letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as ` target groups '  They include military veterans , pensioners , teachers and parents .  There
ComRes survey for Daily Mail and ITV News shows Lib Dems up three points to 12 per cent , equal with Ukip .  It is the first time since late 2013 that UKIP has failed to outpoll the Liberal Democrats .  Tories are on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent with less than a month to go .  Voters are more likely to trust the Conservatives than
Beaching A Boat , Brighton , was looted by the Nazis during WWII .  It turned up in Britain in 1962 and passed through several hands before being donated .  It was donated to the Tate in 1986 and it is believed to be worth # 1million .  It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting 's original owner
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer dread facing Manchester City .  City had won their last five games against West Ham-by an aggregate score of 14-1-before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October .  The Hammers defender says he and his team-mates no longer fear facing Manuel Pellegrini 's side .  Reid signed a new six-year deal with West Ham this
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis -LRB- JDM -RRB- in November .  It is a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug .  Damon has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating .  He has gone from an active kid to barely being able to move in just five months .  The disease has robbed Damon of
The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station .  No one was injured .  Police Commissioner William Bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of March 6 .  Officials said the
Kim Richards , 50 , was arrested at the swanky Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 .  The reality star admitted to Dr Phil McGraw that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke 's house .  Three of her four children , Chad , 22 and Kimberly , 20 , and Brooke , 29 , were there to support their mother .  She
Wigan Warriors beat Wakefield 40-22 in their first away win of the season .  Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick for the club .  It was Wigan 's first away away win in West Yorkshire for 18 months .  It was Shaun Wane 's men 's third consecutive win and fifth from their last six matches .  It was a vast improvement on their 80-0 rout by Warrington
David Cameron used the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at Pirate FM .  Mr Cameron visited the south west on the sleeper train to lay out Tory plans .  He was presented with a Cornish t-shirts emblazoned ` If You Can Smell My Pasty , You ' re Too Close `  Mr Cameron looked exhausted as he stepped off the train at Penzance .  He was wearing
Swarovski crystals were created by Cambridge-based piano maker Goldfinch .  Created for an ` influential Sheikh ' in Doha , Qatar .  Artist Lauren Baker added the crystals by hand .
William Schultz was arrested Sunday afternoon , hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay .  The 18-year-old was pronounced dead after his family drove him to Brentwood 's John Muir Hospital .  A nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect .  Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Lt . Ken Westermann said that the attack was n't accidental .
` John ' posted the advert in his local newsagents in Muswell Hill , London .  It reads : ` John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality '  It has since gone viral after being spotted by a passer by .
Rangers are four points ahead of Hibernian in the Scottish Championship .  Stuart McCall believes his side 's main promotion rivals could drop points against Livingston on Wednesday .  The Gers were held to a 1-1 draw by Livingston at the Energy Assets Arena last week .  The Rangers boss said he will become a Livingston fan for the day on Wednesday .  Hibs can close back to within a
Molly Wood , 74 , died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running .  The pensioner 's sister , 70 , who was about to buy a pay and display ticket , was also injured .  Emergency services , including an air ambulance , were called but she died at the scene .
The self-styled Mirreyes -LRB- my kings -RRB- are often the sons and daughters of Mexican high society .  They often post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name .  They are often embarrassing but can lead to political and legal advantages .  One such individual , the eldest son of then-Chiapas Attorney General Raciel Lopez Salazar , jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil
Mejia tested positive for banned substance stanozolol .  25-year-old right hander is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow .  He will not be able to play again until at least July .
Derry Mathews has won the interim WBA lightweight title .  Mathews saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness .  This week replacement Ismael Barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa .  Mathews was handed a unanimous points decision over Tony Luis .
Jermain Defoe posted a photo on his Instagram page of a game of basketball .  Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle .  The Black are without a game this weekend and have a tough run-in .
Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in Saracens ` quarter-final win over Racing Metro .  Saracens face St Etienne 's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18 .  Mark McCall believes neutral territory offers Saracens hope of beating Clermont .  The Argentinian centre landed the match-winning kick in the final act of Sunday 's showdown .  Saracens take on the Top 14 's second-placed team in the Champions Cup semi-final .  Brad
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games are set to be affected .  This weekend 's crunch Premiership fixture , Arsenal versus Liverpool in London , will be hit by the rail chaos .  Labour has accused the Government of failing to learn from the Boxing Day chaos , when nearly a million fans faced nightmare journeys to follow their team .  There will be no mainline trains at all
By last night , a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter .  Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe , founder of Yo ! Sushi .  Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the FTE-250 index .  Letter backs the lowering of corporation tax by David Cameron and George Osborne .
Diego Costa limped off in Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday .  The Spain striker has been ruled out for up to the next four weeks .  Jose Mourinho says Costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season .  Costa has a history of hamstring problems .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of Barcelona .  The Portugal forward joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with a header against Rayo Vallecano .  The 30-year-old is the third player in the club 's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul .  Ronaldo has scored 99 goals under
Katie Prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 .  She is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs .  Her husband Dalton , 23 , has already received new lungs , is pleading for help .  Kentucky Medicaid will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of
Joe Root has reacted magnificently to being left out of last year 's Sydney Test .  Root showed plenty of grit , as well as talent , in yet another big innings for England .  Part of me sees Root as a natural No 3 , where England tried him in Australia .  He looks like a batsman who could come in and regain the initiative if you lose an
Barcelona defeated PSG 2-0 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Andres Iniesta scored his first goal of the season after 14 minutes .  Neymar added a second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season .  The Spaniard said he ` never went away ' following the performance .  Inietsa said he was glad to take part in the semi-finals .  CLICK HERE for all the latest
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have now created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad .  For instance , it can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night , when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills , and typing performed when fully rested .  It does this by analysing something known as ` key hold time ' - a measure of
Linda Thompson , 64 , tweeted a message of support just hours before Bruce 's ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer is set to air on Friday night .  It 's the first public comment the former beauty queen , who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986 , has made about his rumored transition from male to female .  She shared two pictures of
Chelsea host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday at Stamford Bridge .  Jose Mourinho has a brilliant record against Arsene Wenger .  Wenger has won 14 Premier League Manager of the Month award .  Cesc Fabregas has enjoyed a brilliant season at Chelsea but he would n't have benefited .  Martin Keown says it 's not just about style , he plays to win .  Wenger always aims to
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain .  This is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to the DNA .  Alcohol changes genes in brain cells , which stop the cells developing connections between them , altering behaviour , researchers found .  This changes behaviours and can lead to anxiety and alcoholism .  However , researchers discovered
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday .  The Finn sees no reason why Ferrari cannot win this year 's title race .  The 35-year-old is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals .
The hours old baby girl was found trapped in a tied plastic bag inside a dumpster located in an apartment complex in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina on Thursday afternoon .  Austin Detray and his brother were taking trash to the dumpster when he heard the infant crying and called for help .  He also found the umbilical cord and placenta inside the bag .  The woman , who will
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test in Antigua .  Ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of England 's 333 for seven declared .  The batsman closed the door on Kevin Pietersen returning to the side .
Robert Gentile , 78 , appeared in federal court in Hartford , .  Connecticut , on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to .  His lawyer , Ryan McGuigan , said the arrest was a ruse to pressure Gentile to speak about the $ 500million art heist from Boston 's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in 1990 .  The heist took place on the rainy night of March 18
Marlon Samuels sent Ben Stokes on his way with a military-style salute on Thursday night .  Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a Devendra Bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg .  England closed on 373 for six , a lead of 74 , thanks to an outstanding unbeaten 118 from Joe Root .  West Indies great Curtly Ambrose
Joshua Van Haften , 34 , of Madison , Wisconsin , was arrested Wednesday night at O ` Hare International Airport in Chicago .  He has been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization .
Tim Ward and his wife , Brandy , were killed in the mudslide in Oso , Washington , last year .  Brandy was one of the 43 people killed and Tim broke his pelvis .  Just a week later , he was told he did not have ` landslide insurance '  This meant he did n't qualify for payment to settle his mortgage .  He has spent the past year
Manchester United players Wayne Rooney and David de Gea met sick supporters on behalf of the Manchester United Foundation .  Louis van Gaal and his players also signed memorabilia for the visitors .  The trio also met Ashley Young and Michael Carrick .  United travel to Merseyside to face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Openly-gay high school junior , Anthony Martinez , was touched when his straight guy pal , Jacob Lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot for his May 2 dance in Nevada .  He was even more touched when he came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of ` Likes ' and retweets online .  Martinez immediately responded to the question with a big
Kestutis Martuzevicius , 52 , accused of 22 crimes in Lithuania between 1993 and 1997 .  He was member of the feared Daktarai gang , a notorious Lithuanian gang .  Lithuanian police issued a warrant for his arrest in June 2010 .  In January last year he was admitted to Broadmoor on health grounds .  But he claimed he was too depressed to leave Britain and was sent home .
Prime Minister made embarrassing gaffe at an event in south London .  Told an audience he was a West Ham fan , despite supporting Aston Villa .  ` I ' m a Villa fan ... I must have been overcome by something ... this morning , ` he said .  Tory leader has since apologised , blaming a bout of ` brain fade '  West Ham tweeted Cameron to vote
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe .  Morrison was released from his last contract at West Ham following disciplinary problems .  The 22-year-old is currently training with the Serie A side .  Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January .
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with a fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad .  Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers ` money ' shovelled ` to Holyrood .  The hospital has been nicknamed the ` Death Star ' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design , topped by a landing pad for aircraft .  The
In a new Youtube tutorial Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent .  The mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve unnaturally sharp cheekbones .  Promise has previously made videos of herself as Elsa from Frozen and Princess Jasmine from Aladdin .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by the end of the year .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to five kilograms of cocaine .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed by firing squad .  The pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $ 300 million mega-fight on May 2 .  The American is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound No 1 .  But he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport .  He recalled losing his world titles to Leon Spinks in 1978 .
Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals for Palermo this season .  Reports in Italy suggest Juventus have offered # 23million for the striker .  The 21-year-old says he does not ` speak a word of English or French '
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday .  Brendan Rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats .  Liverpool lost 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday , leaving them off the pace for the Champions League places .  The Reds have won seven of their last seven Premier League games .  Steven Gerrard , Martin Skrtel and Emre Can are
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday .  Photos appeared to show that Love was dragged by the arm by Boston Celtics center Kelly Olynyk during the first quarter resulting in an injury that forced Love out of the game .  ` I have no doubt in my mind that he
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre -LRB- IATC -RRB- is a military-style bootcamp in Beijing .  It has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients .  Tao Ran , a doctor and colonel in the People 's Liberation Army , says internet addiction affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users .  He says 90 per cent of his patients are clinically depressed from a lack
Roads around St Louis , Missouri , were flooded in the intense downpour .  One town recorded more than two inches of rain in half an hour .  Storms also hit further north , barreling into parts of Indiana .
Internationally renowned design duo Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston-aka Bec and Bridge-unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday .  Following a preview lunch on Sunday , attendees at the Carriageworks in Sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits .  Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection .  The 120 piece ready-to-wear
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral , offering terrific value .  There are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds .  There are mirrors everywhere with poetry written on them , such as lines from Kipling : ` Since my house to thy house no greater can send than my house but my house
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime .  Stephen Curry hit seven 3s in all , including one to start overtime .  No NBA team has ever overcome a 3-0 deficit to win a playoff series .  Chicago are also on course for a sweep after a 113-106 double overtime win against Milwaukee .  Derrick Rose scored 34 points and Jimmy Butler added 24 for the Bulls
David Cameron will today warn English voters the SNP 's new powers could impact their lives .  He will call the idea the ` Carlisle Principle ' -- named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the Scottish government .  There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the ` apartheid '
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace 's first goal .  It would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks .
Christine Lillico , 47 , was trusted with looking after her parents ` bank accounts .  But she instead plundered their savings to bankroll her own lifestyle .  Mother-of-two was supposed to look after her dying parents ` accounts .  But instead she stole # 78,000 from them over a six year period .  In last months of his life he was in debt for the first time because of
Robert Durst 's childhood home in Scarsdale , New York , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California .  The 71-year-old real estate scion 's mother either jumped or fell to her death from the roof of the family home when he was seven .  Durst was arrested in New Orleans on March 14 on charges of illegal gun possession and possession of
Green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of # 1.3 million .  Both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving by the local Public Security Bureau .  Crash occurred two hours before ` Fast and Furious 7 ' broke the record for midnight screenings in China .  Both drivers claimed the accident was caused by the slippery road conditions at the entrance of the tunnel .  The
Residents of Celoron , New York , were disturbed when a statue of Lucille Ball was unveiled in 2009 .  It sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed Scary Lucy .  Now even the sculptor of the I Love Lucy statue has pledged to make a new one for free .  A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks , tribute
Simon Mignolet was dropped ` indefinitely ' by Brendan Rodgers in December .  The Belgian quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury .  Mignolets has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets .
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world 's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years .  Colin Montgomerie says it would be a ` disaster for everyone ' if he limps out .  Woods has won the Masters on four separate occasions .  McIlroy can match Woods in winning the grand slam if he wins the Masters .
Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson , from Chicago , Illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on Sunday 's video .  The pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year .
Serena Williams reached the semi-finals of the Miami Open on Wednesday .  The world No 1 beat Germany 's Sabine Lisicki in three sets .  Williams will face Simona Halep after she beat Sloane Stephens .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The 30-second advert was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11 .  It shows both fighters squaring up in the middle of a desert road .  The fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of # 102m .  Sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on British shores .
A fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel in Grafton late Friday night .  Eye-witnesses said there were at least five or six girls fighting on the streets .  Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene but no one made a formal complaint .
Ben Cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday .  His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments .  He was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase .  He was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test .  Just before 4pm ,
Nile Ranger has Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal .  The former Newcastle striker has not featured for the Seasiders since November .  Ranger has been AWOL since early in December after being left out of the squad to face Birmingham in early December .  The 24-year-old says the club took the mick with his contract .
The eVolo Magazine Skyscraper Competition was established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living '  The first place in this year 's contest was awarded to a team of Polish designers for its project Essence Skyscraper .  The main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors and fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet -LRB- 30 metres
The man , who has not been named , turned a gun on himself at Universal Studios .  He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride .  He was said to have shot himself in a secluded spot near a Depiscable Me-themed ride .  Universal Studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds .
Footage shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces .  But as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb .  Just as it begins to fall back to earth , the car detonates like a firework .  It comes as Iraq 's prime minister says more is needed so it can ` finish ' ISIS .  Haider al-Abadi says he needs
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  Joe Louis knocked out Max Schmeling in the first round to win the heavyweight title on June 22,1938 .  The rematch was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria .
UKIP leader said the pain meant he was not ` firing on all cylinders '  He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury .  Admitted he had not been following his doctor 's orders to the letter .  Mr Farage said he has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking .  He blamed it on getting his ` diary planning
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal .  One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service .  Their cases will be reviewed at Article 32 hearings
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous '  Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the level of the cap ` might change every year '  Tories accuse Mr Farage of ` making up his policies as he goes
Woman was changing in cubicle at Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury .  She noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle .  She had kicked him and he then disappeared .  Images were captured on CCTV cameras placed in the changing areas near the pool .  Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man in the pictures .
Woman , 20 , told police she had been kidnapped and raped by Masood Mansouri .  The Iranian , 33 , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault .  The woman , mother to a three-year-old girl , managed to escape by hiding in bushes .  Five days later she took an overdose of her mother 's blood pressure tablets and died .  She told police : `
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday .  The mega-fight is billed as the fight of the century .  Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery .
Bob Katter , federal MP for Kennedy , is of Lebanese descent .  He said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past .  Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history from Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk .  Mr Katter has since defended the statement ,
Cordula Schacht is representing Hitler 's minister of propaganda Joseph Goebbels ` estate .  She is suing publisher for royalties over biography that used extracts from his diaries .  Diaries were used in Peter Longerich 's 2010 biography of the Nazi leader .  Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK .  German general counsel says paying such money would be
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after boat capsized .  It was claimed the body of one migrant , who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy , was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks .  More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend .  The total
Sunderland host Newcastle at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .  Black Cats captain John O ` Shea wants a fifth straight derby win .  The Black Cats have won the last four meetings on Wearside .
Lewis Hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne after winning the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai .  The two-time world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season .  Hamilton celebrated in a similar fashion after winning Spanish Grand Prix last year , which was his fourth consecutive win in a row .  On Twitter , Hamilton was described
Prince Harry 's ex-girlfriend , Chelsy Davy , looked in high spirits in Mayfair .  The 29-year-old wore tan wedges and a crisp white blouse .  It 's the second night out this week for the party girl , who joined friends at the opening of a new restaurant , The Ivy Chelsea Garden , on Tuesday .  Davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller Charles Goode
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday .  The featherweight is soon becoming one of Britain 's best-supported fighters .  Here , Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities who have added some sparkle to ring walks .
Barrick Gold reached out-of-court settlement with 11 women in Papua New Guinea .  One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school when she was raped .  She and classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company 's Porgera gold mine .  Several police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton in their Premier League clash on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal 's side have been brilliant in the second half of the season .  But they have a long way to go and they have to name names .  Ilkay Gundogan , Sven Bender and Henrikh Mkhitaryan could replace Michael Carrick .  Bender is a pauper 's version of the Geordie , which is
Theresa Dybalski , a retired insurance company from Lackawanna , New York , won $ 1million .  The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating her birthday .  The friend who gave it to her , however , has died , so she plans to share her winnings with the friend 's family .  She received a lump-sum payment of $ 522,822 after taxes last
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City .  Sam Allardyce has warned the full back to stay where he is .  Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair both spent time at City but did not play a great deal .  CLICK HERE for all the latest West Ham United news .
Investigators also found charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in crash .  Mabel Anthonysamy Soosai , 45 , whose husband and son were also killed , called for urgent action to clear the site and return items to bereaved families .  Her family in Kuala Lumpur has given MailOnline permission to publish the picture .  MH17 was shot down by a Russian-made BUK missile on July 17,2014 .  In
Sebastien Pocognoli says he is baffled by Tony Pulis ` decision to drop him .  The left back has found his game time limited since leaving the club .  The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine .
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property ` revolution '  Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases .  Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .  David Cameron said : ` I believe Britain should be a home-owning democracy , that 's the goal '  The Exchequer was campaigning with the Tory candidate for Brentford and Isleworth , Mary Macleod , in
Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent .  The Gunners goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games in the Premier League .  He displaced Wojciech Szczesny as No 1 in January .  Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second on the list .  Arjen Robben posts an impressive 82.1 per cent win ration from 67 matches .  Asier del Horno is fifth on
David Cameron will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are ` really on same side '  He will show they want ` more borrowing , more debt and more taxes '  Mr Cameron last night said he would be a ` big failure ' if he does not win majority .  Labour and the SNP have ruled out a formal coalition but refused to do same .  He will
Todd Larson , 55 , said he had parked his collectible Dodge Challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville , Utah home on March 25 when an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53 am .  Two minutes later at 1.55 am he called police to file the report of the ice chunk falling through his car 's windshield , which he believes came from a
SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his controversial tweets .  He called Anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes .  A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs ` racist yobs '  The AFR 's Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of him .  He said : ` Anzac Day is a
Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night .  She dropped a thank you card and gifts over the fence to the seven or eight burly blokes because she was ` too scared ' to knock on their door .  Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page .  He said only the deaf and ` those buried in the
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life .  He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment , he began to shoot ocean foam .  The 40-year-old took most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach on the south coast of NSW .  He uses an EOS 5D
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010 .  He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010 , but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital .  In a court report submitted last month , mental health experts said Wang displayed ` paranoid thinking ' and was ` guarded and suspicious ' when
The famous Kardashian used to pick holidays close to home , in the sun , on a beach and with her family .  Kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks .  This month , Kim and her husband Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to retrace their daughter 's roots .  Kim has developed an interest in exploring
Former soldier Ashley Johnston , 28 , was shot in a clash with ISIS in February .  He was fighting with the Kurdish People 's Protection Units -LRB- YPG -RRB- in Syria .  His mother did not know that her son was in Syria until she heard of his death .  Mr Johnston 's body finally arrived home in Canberra last week .  The Queenslander , originally from Maryborough in
Christopher Nathan May , 50 , is accused of killing Tracey Woodford , 47 .  Ms Woodford 's dismembered body was found at a flat in Pontypridd on Friday .  Police launched a murder investigation after she went missing for three days .  May was remanded in custody at Merthyr Tydfil magistrates court today .  He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing .
Sri Lanka is the spiritual home of serendipity -- lucky discoveries by accident .  The island 's unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka .  In the right season you might see 200 elephants at the lake in Minneriya National Park .  Kandy , where the British beat the last king of Ceylon in 1815 , still feels like a charming , antique outpost of empire
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central .  He is pictured on the open profile appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts .  Underneath the picture a friend commented ` drunko '  But he insists the pictures show him enjoying himself like any normal person .  ` I do n't hide the fact I ' m a normal person , and people want politicians who
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013 / 14 .  The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year .  The situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A & E visits , researchers say .  Patients who report worse access to conventional GP appointments are more likely to use out-of-hours services .  surgeries
Carlo Ancelotti 's Real Madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015 -LRB- six defeats in 19 outings -RRB- .  Diego Simeone 's side have already lost to Atletico Madrid four times in a season .  In each of the seven defeats in 11 derbies , his team has n't scored once .  The European champions lost 4-0 at the Calderon stadium last time these two
William Snyder , 34 , has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering .  The body of his wife , Kelley Jo Snyder , was found in a river near to their home on Saturday .  She was last seen alive on Easter Sunday when she told her family she was going to buy sweet potatoes .  Police say Snyder has admitted moving the body from their home
Last month a court ruled Richard Lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing of his wife 's grandmother .  On Friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail .  The 69-year-old was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his loosely raised in the air .  In lieu of
Sawyer Sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting family member 's home in Texas .  His manager said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life .  He was said to be anti-drugs , very quiet and very shy , his manager said .  He appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom and took small parts in TV shows
British No 2 Aljaz Bedene crashed out of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca .  The 25-year-old has switched allegiance to Great Britain .  Jiri Vesely of the Czech Republic will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals .  Second seed Martin Klizan beat Nicolas Almagro 6-4 7-6 -LRB- 6 / 3 -RRB- .
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK .  She identified three tribes of snackers : Snack Amnesiacs , Situational Snacker and Super Snackers .  Snacks are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack , opening something and eating far more than they intended .  Those who are stressed out due to environmental or emotional pressures are the Situatedal S
Doug Hughes , 61 , is ` lucky to be alive ' and ` should have been blown out of the air , ' Rep . Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , chairman of the House Oversight committee , said .  Security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .  A ` judgment call ' was made not to shoot Hughes down
Newcastle have won just two games in 14 games since Alan Pardew 's reign .  The Magpies slipped to a fifth successive defeat at Liverpool .  The result did little to ease fears they could yet be sucked into relegation trouble .  Carver says his side have ` got six cup finals ' left to play .  He says : ` We have got four home games , two away
Rev Richard Coles , 52 , sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes , a housing association in Northamptonshire .  Known to many for presenting Radio 4 's gentle human interest show Saturday Live .  He is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev .  But he not so long ago felt he had the right to do whatever he chose himself , regardless of
Tiger Woods has not played on the PGA Tour since February 5 .  He has since taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form .  There has been speculation he will return for the Masters , which he has won four times .  Woods made his first appearance at the Masters as a 19-year-old back in 1995 .  He has dropped out of the top 100
Pep Guardiola saw his Bayern Munich side lose 3-1 to Porto on Wednesday .  The German midfielder has a year remaining on his contract in Germany .  He is seen as a natural fit due to his close relationship with City 's executive pair Ferran Soriano and Txiki Begiristain .  Manuel Pellegrini has been under pressure lately as his side fell out of the race for the Premier League title
Claire Sweeney , 44 , gave birth to son Jaxton in September .  The former Brookside actress has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure .  She has enlisted the help of celebrity hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn .  The actress , who is a size 12 to 14 , says she needs to sort her binge mentality .
Teacher Aaron Galloway , 23 , was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his expensive SLR camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic .  When he got home , he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction .  Steward Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu confessed
The Storm Prediction Center has upgraded to its second-highest advisory level-a moderate risk-while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri .  Strong storms swamped Indianapolis , Cincinnati and Charleston , West Virginia , at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of West Texas .  Fewer than 1 million
Eyeko London 's Bespoke Mascara -LRB- # 28 -RRB- comes in dozens of brush shapes .  Cover FX Custom Cover Drops can be mixed with any of your favourite moisturisers , oils , serums or other foundations to create your preferred texture and finish .  Skincare brand Jennifer Young offers customised moisturisors , serum , cleansers and toners made with the particular ingredients that your skin craves .
Rachelle Owen , 16 , died after being struck by a train close to Hoylake Station .  Her family said they were suffering a double tragedy following the murder of Kay Diamond , 44 .  Miss Diamond 's body was found in a flat in Toxteth , Liverpool , on February 28 .  A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial .  A vigil was
Reanne Evans is the 10-time ladies ` snooker world champion .  The 29-year-old would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible .  Evans faces 1997 world champion Ken Doherty in her first qualifier .
Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council .  He complained about a lack of action over fly-tipping .  He signed off his email with : ` That 's why I 'll be voting Ukip '  Ben Grower , leader of the authority 's Labour group , responded : ` As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails
Zhao Pingan 's mother was killed in a horrific car crash last March .  Both of his parents were killed in the accident , but not before his mother gave birth .  The baby boy was ` catapulted ' from his mother 's womb when the truck ran over her .  He was dubbed China 's ` miracle baby ' after his miraculous start in life .  Pingan was adopted
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru .  The 21-year-old Canadian was playing for Canada in the Fed Cup at the weekend .  She was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake snub .  Simona Halep weighed in by casting aspersions about the Canadian 's upbringing .  She said it was n't personal , I just do n't believe in wishing my opponent good luck before a
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 64 per cent of her body in 2011 during an ultramarathon through the Kimberley , Western Australia .  She has been operated on more than 200 times since .  She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the blaze .  She believes Australians take their medical system for granted .  ` If I was from Laos or Bangladesh , no ifs
Tax adviser Duncan Hodgetts , 25 , fell from 14th floor apartment window .  He was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring Michelangelo Hotel .  The tax adviser , from Birmingham , worked for accountancy firm Ernst and Young .  He was on a business trip when he fell to his death at 8.30 am on Monday .  NYPD said they were treating Mr Hodgetts ` death as
A fundraising page has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week .  Mai Mach , 60 , was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday .  Hours earlier her grandson , Alistair , 4 , was knifed 18 times as he slept in his bed .  Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao , 45 , has been charged with their murder
The 58-year-old was flying from Newcastle to Gatwick on EasyJet .  Airport staff discovered he had six tubs of traditional pudding in his hand luggage .  Pease pudding is a popular dish in the North East of England .  Traveller was told it could ` technically ' be classed as Semtex .  He reportedly offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it was n't .
The Azamara Club Cruises has two ships in its fleet , Journey and Quest , which each carry about 680 passengers .  The smaller size of the vessels means it can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels .  The first stop was St Tropez , which seemed to boast even more stunning luxury yachts than Monaco .  Everyone was impressed at the high quality of service and facilities-especially those
Andrea Dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods .  The 33-year-old was arrested on the Knightsbridge store on Tuesday .  He scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League in 2009 .  He was later bailed and both the man and woman have been bailed .  He signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient in November .  CLICK HERE for all the
The statement Nineties chop , made famous by Jim Carrey 's Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber , has graced the heads of celebrities .  Celebrities including Rihanna , Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus have tried it on .  One chain of British barber shops has reported a 200 per cent surge in requests .  Men queued around the corner for their turn to get the snip .  Other stars
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by Burmese court .  The 32-year-old bar manager was found guilty of insulting religion .  The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists .  Human rights campaigners claim he has been ` abandoned ' by the Foreign Office .
Real Madrid 's away kit will feature three grey stripes .  The away kit is all grey , including the club badge , with a slight yellow trim .  Big change will be the introduction of the FIFA Club World Cup badge in the centre of the kit to celebrate Real 's global success .
Ronny Deila 's side beat St Mirren 2-1 in the SPL on Friday night .  Kris Commons scored the only goal of the game in the 64th minute .  James Forrest broke Gary Teale 's heart with a second half tap-in .  Stefan Johansen later converted from the penalty spot .  Celtic are now eight points clear of Aberdeen in the Scottish Premiership .  The Bhoys are still four points
Kevin Pietersen made his LV = County Championship return .  The Surrey batsman fell for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on his 170 he made against Oxford students last week .  Pietersen is hoping to find a way back into the England set-up .  The 34-year-old was making his first appearance since June 2013 .
Vijay Chokal-Ingam , 38 , has admitted his sister has told him she is ` ashamed ' of him .  The comedienne has said she has been estranged from him ` for years '  He said on his blog that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into St . Louis University School of Medicine in 1998 by changing his appearance .  He also heavily attacks affirmative
England captain Alastair Cook completed a century on second morning .  Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out .  Ian Bell arrived at the crease on day two of the West Indies tour match .
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage '  Now a presidential candidate , Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court .  The shift puts Clinton 's views in line with the Obama
Adriana Giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing after her brother could not contact her .  She had been staying at the house in Majadahonda , a suburb of Madrid .  A 32-year-old Spanish man has been arrested in connection with her disappearance .  Police are said to have found a meat grinder and a tooth in the house .  A list of three other tenants are also thought to
Jamyra Gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death David Messerschmitt , 30 , on February 9 in Washington , D.C. .  The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him .  Affidavit revealed on Thursday that he had been
Max Muggeridge , 19 , from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend .  He was camping at Tweed Heads just across the NSW border with his girlfriend .  The avid angler could n't believe his luck when a huge tiger shark took a bite of his line .  He spent the next three hours trying to bring the monster to shore .  The teenager
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam at the Masters .  A cold front coming over Georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather .  Thursday and Sunday will likely be the best weather days at the tournament .
Ravi Beefnah , 34 , parked his # 35,000 Audi A5 outside dealership in Chelmsford , Essex .  He has plastered the car with slogans and parked it as a warning to other buyers .  Two months later he claims Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint .  He claims a fault with the Audi 2011 TFSI -LRB- turbo fuel stratified injection -RRB- petrol engine is widespread .  He
The 20-year-old has been released without charge by Vitesse Arnhem .  The defender was questioned by police on ` suspicion of a sexual offence '  Wallace was with the Dutch club 's squad for their trip to Excelsior .  Wallace signed for Chelsea in January 2013 .  He has been loaned out to Fluminense and Inter Milan .
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like .  He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas , with neon lights and plenty of attractions .  In the main image of Space Vegas , a fantastic array of colours and attractiosn can be seen , including a Ferris wheel and a lit-up cowboy .  It is located in
Woolworths launched ` Fresh in our Memories ' last week in the lead up to the Anzac centenary .  The campaign invites Aussies to upload images to remember those who fought for their country .  The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign .  Supermarket customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger .  The campaign was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' by
The first lady said in a statement she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team '  ` Jeremy will be missed , and Barack and I wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors , ' she added .  The White House did not name a replacement for Bernard , who is also the first gay man to hold the position .
Some 1,500 couples in Britain have had babies using EmbryoScope technology .  Grainy grey and white picture shows the first cell division in the creation of their IVF baby , Pixie .  A tiny camera , placed inside an incubator , films the reproduction process .  It also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process .  This narrows a mother
` If Hillary Clinton ca n't satisfy her husband , ' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted , ` what makes her think she can satisfy America ? '  When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump 's Twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers ret Twittered it for him -- to his audience of 2.8 million people .  His office confirmed on
Researchers at Yale University have revealed these patterns by documenting the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US .  From ` here 's you a piece of pizza ' to ` this glass needs washed ' , every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world .  In New York , for instance , there 's a tendency to
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the ` 370H55V ' license plate .  Texas DVV deemed the personalized number plate ` offensive '
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention .  It uses a catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel .  Water electrolysis is an electro-chemical process in which two electrodes generate oxygen and hydrogen from water , respectively .  The energy needed to drive this process gets locked up in the hydrogen as the fuel with oxygen as a
The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels .  According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria .  Democratic Senator Chris Edwards sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers .
The Burberry poncho originated as a humble garment worn by South American tribes .  Later featured on the back of Clint Eastwood in Spaghetti westerns .  Now a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than # 1,000 has been central to a sales boom at the British prestige brand .  The wool-and-cashmere designs , which were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevigne , were a
Mick Schumacher is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team in the ADAC Formula 4 series .  Schumacher Junior finished second in the world , European and German kart championships last season .  This is the first time that Schumacher Junior is racing under his own name after using the maiden name of his mother Corrina Betsch .
Amir Khan has admitted he does n't know who he will fight on May 30 .  He announced Chris Algieri as his opponent last week .  Khan rejected a # 5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13 .  Reports in America suggested Showtime were not interested in showing the fight .  He said he will not be fighting Adrien Broner while Miguel Cotto was another name
Dimitri Harrell , 21 , allegedly shot dead fiancée Samirria White , 19 , at Minnesota home .  Allegedly pulled out gun and pointed it at couple 's three-month-old daughter .  Carrying baby , he then shot Miss White in face at close range , according to police .  When medics arrived at scene , they pronounced the young mother dead .  Now , Harrell has been charged with one
The three dogs were captured in a front room in Bahama , North Carolina .  A Husky called Sky , Sadie the Springer Spaniel called Sadie and Marshall .  The trio point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi .  He is not even old enough to grow a beard and is believed to be older than 16 .  Abu Basir al-Shami and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi both blew themselves up in Iraq .  Both carried out joint suicide missions in the Baiji oil refinery in Salahuddin .  ISIS 's
The University of Michigan canceled an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face .  Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui started a petition saying the subject of the film , the late Navy SEAL Chris Kyle , was ` mass killer ' and ` a racist '  She suggested that showing the film on campus could incite viewers to violence against Muslims .  The
Byron 's buds measure a whopping 8.6 cm across-the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6 .  His daughter Emily , 14 , is not far behind at 7.3 cm and hold 's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men 's crown .  The father and daughter have been recognised by Guinness World Records .
Migrant boat captain Mohammed Ali Malek , 27 , charged with multiple manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration .  He was arrested 24 hours after his overcrowded boat capsized in the Mediterranean .  Survivors told how women and children died ` like rats in a cage ' after being locked into the boat 's hold by callers .  Malek was also pictured with his alleged smuggler accomplice
The two-metre long reptile battles to swallow its prey in under a minute .  The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to finish the catch .  The grisly footage was uploaded to YouTube last week .
Steven Howie , 28 , of Dunfermline , left his girlfriend Karen Murray , 31 , with 18 injuries .  He punched , kicked and kneed her over an hour in the room at a lonely inn .  The couple were staying at the Carronbridge Hotel , in the Campsie Fells , Scotland .  The pair had been dating for about four months when they were attacked .  They were
Paul Childs is running in the Liverpool Riverside seat .  He said he burst into tears when diagnosed with HIV in 2011 .  Air steward said he was infuriated by Ukip leader 's ` scaremongering '  Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett , who is running for the party in Vauxhall , London , said he got the virus intentionally as he embarked on a path of self ` annihilation '  Mr Childs said
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders .  One signatories identified herself as someone who had ` worked on -LSB- a -RSB- zero hours contract '  But Labour removed her name after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 .  The woman moved to Britain after she had a ` marriage of convenience ' in Nigeria .  She was caught after she
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The 223ft Explorer comes with its own helipad , infinity pool and plenty of space for supercar and jetski storage .  It was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe .  The superyacht costs approximately 40million euros -LRB- around # 29million / $ 43million -RRB- to build , meaning it will retail for even more .  For those who do n't fancy taking
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a win over Napoli .  Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute .  Juan Iturbe had a chance to make it 2-0 two minutes from time but hit back .  Daniele de Rossi doubled the lead in the second half .  Morgan de Sanctis denied Dries Mertens on several occasions .  The 38-year-old goalkeeper also made a leaping save
Kadeem Brown , 25 , was thrown across a median in the Bronx by Emilo Garcia , 44 .  Mr Brown died at the scene , while the little girl who is not featured in the video died a short time later .  Police say Garcia suffered a seizure moments before the crash .  Brown 's green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark , 5 , who was waiting
QPR have confirmed Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season .  The 25-year-old picked up the injury after falling awkwardly against West Brom .  Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year .
Shoccara Marcus returned to her family 's Atlanta , Georgia home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011 .  In a project about the complexity of family dynamics , Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be .  She is seen climbing , crawling and stepping through different rooms of
The clip shows Nancy Kanwisher , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .  She chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture .  A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off .  The short video was posted on the scientist 's Brain Talks website .
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final .  Virgil van Dijk landed an early red card against Inter Milan on Sunday .  The Celtic centre back believes he had sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career .  The Dutchman said it was ` a miracle that we did n't get the right decision '  Van Dijk was shortlisted for the PFA Scotland player of
Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the Euro 2016 finals in France , assuming everyone is fit .  Roy Hodgson 's side face Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Wayne Rooney is selected in a central role behind Daniel Sturridge and Harry Kane .  Luke Shaw has n't done enough yet to displace Baines .  Henderson and Wilshere represent a holding
Rare black flamingo spotted feeding near British RAF base in Cyprus .  Birds have pink hue caused by beto-Carotene in their diet .  Experts believe it could be the only flamingo of its kind in the world .
Angelique Kerber defeated Madison Keys 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final .  This was Kerber 's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013 .
Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep .  Special blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' keep the complexion hydrated all night .  Made by Hammacher Schlemmer , in Canada , was developed by a dermatologist .
The Queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of Victory in Europe -LRB- VE -RRB- Day .  The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving-the culmination of three days of events .  A chain of beacons will be lit across the country , Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a
David Miscavige , the head of the Church of Scientology , allegedly had his apostate father , Ronald , followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the church 's inner workings .  According to police records , the church paid a father-son pair of detectives $ 10,000 a week to track the elderly man 's movements and eavesdrop on his conversations .  The claims come
The research analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden .  It found that sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted than men in the general population .  In only 2 per cent of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors .  This can include social or environmental aspects of their upbringing that
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale both scored in extra-time .  Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half as Jan Oblak saved them .  Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him after Diego Godin 's slip .  Bale was often the brightest of Real 's front
Rangers beat Dumbarton 3-1 at Ibrox on Saturday .  Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut .  The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances .  Stuart McCall 's side fell behind to Mark Wilson 's second-minute opener .  The former Celtic full-back 's last goal was also against Rangers-he netted the winner in a controversial Scottish Cup quarter-final replay at Parkhead in March 2011 .  Nicky Clark
Newport County striker Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months .  The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery , attempted robbery and assault .  He also attempted to rob two men in Swindon after drinking heavily at a party .  The former Cheltenham , Bristol Rovers and Millwall player 's contract with the club was due to expire in the summer .
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham .  The Togo striker rejected reports linking him with a move away .  The 31-year-old has made just 16 appearances this season .  He has been criticised for several underwhelming performances .
The tracks were found in Ileret , northwest Kenya , 1.5 million years ago .  They are the oldest human footprints found in the world .  They belong to groups hunting for antelope or wildebeest at the same time .  They were made by a male Homo erectus that may have been part of a hunting party .  They were also found in sediment that had once been the shoreline
Arsenal take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday .  Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess in England .  Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Wenger has branded the ` circus ' around the German manager 's resignation as ` ridiculous '  The Gunners boss also
Petr Cech is poised to leave Chelsea in the summer , says Carlo Cudicini .  Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season .  Chelsea want at least # 10million for Cech , and they would have to sell to a direct rival for the goalkeeper to end up at the Emirates .  Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to
Tom Daley hopes his new ` firework ' dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games .  Daley spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference .  The former world champion has spent the winter modifying a new plunge with his new coach Jane Figueiredo
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin .  The Toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer .  Everton were among Premier League clubs who watched Obbi Oulare on Sunday .
James Weld stumped up # 15,000 to end three-year stand-off with Natural England .  Previous steps to Durdle Door beach on Dorset 's Jurassic Coast were washed away in storms in 2012 .  The Weld family 's 12,000-acre Lulworth estate have maintained the steps since they first bought the land in 1600s .  In 2009 , Natural England was handed responsibility for the country 's coastal paths under the Coastal
The mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly .  Over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains , leaving only fragments .  In one tomb , researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts , including teeth , hands and feet .  The Middle Horizon period -LRB- A.D. . 600 -- 1000 -RRB- was a time of sweeping cultural change in
Plane was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members when it came to a stop .  Left wing landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down in Khajuraho , India .  Passengers were forced to exit the plane via its inflatable evacuation slides .  Jet Airways said reports of a fire were untrue and said it was ` a technical problem '  No one was injured , but the
Vivid Sydney festival starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night .  Every winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings including the Sydney Harbour Bridge , Opera House , Customs House and the Museum of Contemporary Art .  The festival also includes a plethora of art , music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual , according to a survey of 3,000 people .  With budgets for outfits , flowers , transportation , food and other sundries at around $ 1,000 for the average American high schooler , that means most intend to spend $ 324 on the once-simple query : Will you go to prom with
The 56-page document was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park , Buckinghamshire .  It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist .  The notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy in 1977 .  It contains Turing 's thoughts on the clearly tricky ` Leibniz notation dx / dy
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night 's sleep .  On average , we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours per year .  Once our choice was limited to feather or fibre , the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows , and even one which is wired for sound .  Buckwheat Hull Pillow is filled
Rekia Boyd , 22 , was shot dead in the back of the head in Chicago in March 2012 .  Judge Dennis Porter cleared Officer Dante Servin , 46 , of involuntary manslaughter .  Told loved ones to leave the courtroom before the not gulity verdict was read out .  Victim 's brother screamed : ` You want me to be quiet ? '  Servin has maintained he fired only
Dr drug was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca .  The drug , called AZDO5030 , restored memory in mice given Alzheimer 's disease .  It worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain .  Researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug .
Charlie Patino , 11 , is a talented Midfielder who has been spotted at Luton Town .  His parents Julio and Katy are weighing up offers from Arsenal , Chelsea and Tottenham .  Charlie analyses Spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team Barcelona .  Charlie would cost # 10,000 and is a season ticket holder at Luton with his dad .  Julio 's parents
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer .  The way he steadfastly attempted to carry on drew much admiration .  There was a considerable outpouring of sadness at his passing .  He was Pep Guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club .  He won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies from 2008-12 .
Former Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team .  The Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos .  Carlos recalls the great names he played with and against .  Iker Casillas , Fabio Cannavaro , Zinedine Zidane , Ronaldinho , Cafu , Cabiano Ronaldo , Cabiu , Ronaldo and Cafo .  Click here for all the latest Real Madrid news
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night .  Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were both ruled out of the clash .  Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the game .  Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may have to revert to a holding role .  Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinho 's side .  CLICK HERE for
The California Department of Corrections has set up a Sensitive Needs Housing Unit to protect former members of the state 's most dangerous gangs .  Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch .  In 1999 , the CDC has seen a dramatic increase in requests from inmates seeking special protection for dropping out of prison gangs .  Many of
Bogan Shire Council , in western New South Wales , wants to erect a ` big bogan ' statue in the town of Nyngan .  Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the council .  The 3.6-metre statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox .  It would be a three-dimensional steel box fixed to
High school sweethearts Doug Wilson , 93 , and Lillian Kerr Wilson , 89 , passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week .  Both were Alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes .  One of their sons , Doug , received a phone call at 3.52 am to inform him that his father had passed away
Progressive education experts in UK have pushed for our system to emulate group work and independent study that is popular in Finland .  But new analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since country embraced fashionable teaching methods .  Research by Right-leaning Centre for Policy Studies says Finland only did so well before because of the influence of traditional teacher-led methods .  But it has slipped down
Didier Drogba hosted a charity ball at London 's swanky Dorchester Hotel on Saturday night .  The Ivorian striker hosted the event hours after beating Manchester United .  The Chelsea striker 's foundation has provided financial support across health and education in Africa since it was founded in 2007 .  Petr Cech , Eden Hazard , Branislav Ivanovic , Gary Cahill , Juan Cuadrado , Nemanja Matic , Thierry Henry
Sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every fixture .  Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge -LRB- 5.30 pm -RRB- .  Manchester City host West Ham United at 5.30 pm .  Newcastle United host Tottenham Hotspur -LRB- 4pm -RRB- .  Aston Villa host Liverpool at Anfield -LRB- 3pm -RRB- .
Union barons gave more than # 700,000 to Ed Miliband 's party .  Overall , Labour received # 1.1 million in donations between April 6 and April 12 .  More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just # 492,512 .  Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals , who handed over # 460,000 .  Lib Dems were given just # 50,000 and Ukip #
Lauren Hill , 19 , was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma shortly after her 18th birthday .  Doctors told her she would not live past December .  Instead , she played four games with her team at Mount St . Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer .  As her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and moved
Five-year-old Ava Ciach , from Geelong in Victoria , suffered from Sagittal Synostosis-a rare condition restricting the growth of her brain .  She had to have her skull removed , smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle .  It was discovered two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting her brain 's growth .  The complex operation took nine hours ,
Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side will be without striker Karim Benzema with a sprain to the medial collateral ligament of his right knee .  Gareth Bale , Luka Modric and Marcelo are out through suspension .  Cristiano Ronaldo , Isco , Nacho and Dani Carvajal all took part in training ahead of Wednesday 's clash .
The freezer trawler , called the Dalny Vostock , sank at 4am on Thursday .  It was carrying 132 crew members when it sank in the Sea of Okhotsk .  The ship tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in , a Sakhalin official said .  At least 54 bodies have been recovered in the massive rescue operation .  Temperatures in the water can dip to as low as-2
Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time in Friday 's practice session at the Bahrain International Circuit .  Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet at the end of the 90-minute session .  The Finn was two tenths of a second behind team-mate Sebastian Vettel .  Williams ` Valtteri Bottas followed the Finns , a little more than half a second
Malky Mackay has been sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge .  The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman David Sharpe .  The Latics lost 2-0 at home to Derby County on Monday night .  Mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic text messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment Iain Moody .  The Scot
Bill Clinton made the comment in Oklahoma City on Sunday where he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the Alfred P Murrah federal building in 1995 .  ` Hillary and I bathed her and fed her and put her to bed . I looked at her in that crib so I could remember how you felt , those
Jordan Henderson wants a new # 100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool .  The vice-captain is yet to sign an extension at Anfield .  Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week .  Sportsmail understands an offer worth # 5.2 million per year will be enough .  Henderson is expected to be appointed Anfield captain once Steven Gerrard leaves .
Jamie Silvonek , 14 , and Army Spc Caleb Barnes , 20 , have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy .  Cheryl Silvinek , 54 , was fatally stabbed in the neck in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15 .  Barnes , who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying , was previously charged with murder .
The 56-page book contains Turing 's thoughts on the clearly tricky ` Leibniz notation dx / dy '  ` I find -LSB- it -RSB- extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once ! ' he wrote .  It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 .  It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to
Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide .  The 20-year-old is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling .  When the camera pans back to him , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep .  Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the ` role model ' player to condemn the drug .  It comes days after he was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , is on death row in Bali for smuggling drugs .  She was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine plot .  She was arrested trying to smuggle an estimated # 1.6 million worth of cocaine into Bali .  She was linked to almost five kilograms of cocaine from Bankok , Bali .  She has told a friend : ` I just
Meaghan Hudson , 25 , said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013 .  The nursing student , who lives in Chula Vista , California , told friends she was unlikely to survive .  Close friends rushed to support her , shaving their heads and getting tattoos .  She also had a fundraising website set up by her stepmother , Margaret Hudson .  The 25-year-old 's sister , Haley Hudson
More than 70 hours of footage filmed at east London boozer .  One man openly talked about erectile dysfunction .  Landlady : ` There are a lot of things today that women wo n't put up with '
The outfit was made by the Viennese tailor , Tiller , who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war .  It was believed to have been liberated by the Americans before it found its way into a collection in Switzerland .  It is expected to fetch # 85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth , Devon .  The wear and tear on the
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal 's back .  His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves .  The donkey barely moves as its buttocks and sides are prodded .  After about a minute he decides he 's had enough and starts to walk off .  The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue
Two birds of prey have been caught on camera fighting over a nesting box .  A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other .  They were trying to gain mastery of the box in Thixendale , North Yorkshire .  Despite the owl 's more aggressive reputation , it came out the victor .  Kestrels attacked each other with sharp talons and beaks .  Photographer Robert Fuller used
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP 's Westminster leader Angus Robertson .  Mr Robertson is co-ordinating Nationalists ` General Election campaign in Moray .  Mr Robertson has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone , he claimed .  Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi-who killed 270 people in 1988 .  Mr Macrae said he was cruelly ditched after being diagnosed with prostate cancer .  He
Eugenie Bouchard faces Alexandra Dulgheru in the Fed Cup play-off on Saturday .  The Canadian star refused to shake hands at a pre-match press conference .  The 21-year-old has suffered four defeats in her past six matches .
Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 .  West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation .  The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit .
The Premier League returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season .  Chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break .  Six Premier League clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break .  Sportsmail examines this through a modified Premier League table .
The Delorean was being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe .  Officers tweeted : ` There is no escaping us no matter where you are in space time ! '
Only three years ago George Osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office .  His nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy .  In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure -- and it was getting to him .  ` I was saying , look , if people do n't like the plan or whatever , well , you know ... so
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film .  You and the Night has a number of racy scenes in which Cantona is seen in just his underwear .  The former Manchester United midfielder insists the film is a ` piece of art '
Celtic take on Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday .  The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership with six games to play .  Ronny Deila believes they provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes .  Celtic travel to Hampden Park to face the Hoops on Sunday .  Deila 's side are looking to make it four
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband 's party in key marginal seat in west London .  She said fellow candidates who turned down cash were ` sticking their noses up '  Ms Huq even accused MailOnline of ` picking on her ' when quizzed about donation .  In March , three Labour parliamentary candidates turned down # 1,000 donations .  One said she could not accept money because of
DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher approached people on the street .  They approached a busdriver and a 7-Eleven clerk and invited them to collaborate .  The black-and-white clip has gone viral , clocking up over 1.25 million views in a week .  Adam and Matt said they were shocked to find such an impressive talent .  They said it proves there is talent to be found beyond artists featured on TV
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Arnold Breitenbach of St . George wanted to get ` CIB-69 ' put on a license plate .  That would have honoured the year he was wounded and awarded a Purple Heart .  The Utah DMV denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to ` lock David Cameron out of Downing Street '  She said the offer stood ` regardless of who is the biggest party ' in the Commons .  Comments raised prospect of Ed Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the House of Commons than the Tories .  Comes amid fallout from claims she
Ariana Mason , 21 , filed civil rights lawsuit against Officer Shawn Izzo and his force .  Claims he put her in a ` stranglehold ' at a Las Vegas hotel in August last year .  Says she was also choked by the man and had 26 stitches .  Ariana is African-American and Izzo is white , she says .  Ariana 's aunt is TV and radio host Rolonda Watts
Sir John Chilcot 's inquiry into Iraq war , which began in 2009 , stopped taking evidence in 2011 .  It was initially thought it would be delayed until after the general election .  But it has now been suggested the findings will not be published until 2016 .  It will fuel claims those criticised over the war are trying to bury bad news .  Former PM has denied that
Images taken yesterday show baby seals being clubbed to death on Canada 's ice floes as this year 's ` commercial hunt ' gets underway .  Animal rights charity Humane Society International -LRB- HSI -RRB- say the animals ` are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying '  The images were taken yesterday from a helicopter above the coast of Newfoundland .  They show the animals
Rosemary Taylor , communications director of the City of Brookhaven in Georgia , made remark .  She allegedly stopped photo shoot with Dominique Jackson , 18 , and Khamlee Vongvone , 19 .  Told photographer Nelson Jones : ` This is not the image I want for the city '  The girls ` mouths ' dropped ` and they were asked to leave festival by city official .  Now ,
The outback Casanova , who lives in Humpty Doo , Northern Territory , detailed his dream girl on Gumtree .  The 31-year-old described himself as ` athletic build , white , heavily tattoo 'd brown hair , do n't smoke , DON ' t do drugs , like travelling , love the outdoors , sports , fishing , camping blah blah `  He also said he is ` not shy
A baggage handler fell asleep on the Alaska Airlines flight from Seattle to LA .  Passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft .  The pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming .  A ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold after the plane landed .  The man walked off the plane and appeared well , but
Marc Wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean , 17 , was shot dead after a gunfight erupted on Monday .  Their mother is Roxanne Dubé , the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami .
EA Sports ` Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16 .  New game features various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics .  Courses themselves also affect how your shots are played .  Firmer , links-style courses like St Andrews will provide more bounce and roll .  softer courses such as TPC Sawgrass will have less bounce and be more receptive to spin
Robert Durst , 71 , appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession .  His defense team accused police of searching his hotel room without an arrest warrant .  But no witnesses showed up to the trial and the judge raged at his lawyers .  Durst has been in custody since his arrest on March 14 .  He is awaiting extradition to California where he is accused of murdering
Jimmy Anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 Test matches for England .  Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute 's silence in honour of Richie Benaud , who died last week .  Chris Gayle chose to play in the IPL rather than for his country .  Ian Bell and Joe Root could be seen wearing new headgear out in the middle
England batsman Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket .  The batsman fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua .  Steve Peters has been called on by a number of top stars .  Peters worked with the England football team during the 2014 World Cup .  All-rounder Ben Stokes took to Twitter after taking a wicket with a no-ball .  Rod Bransgrove 's
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured in Atmeh refugee camp in Syria last year .  Hudea 's father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre in Syria .  She and her family left the camp two weeks ago , heading to the city of Idlib .  It is now in the hands of Al-Qaeda affiliate Al-Nusra at the weekend .  The group is set to impose Sharia law on the city ,
Prince Harry arrived in Western Australia on Monday for a month-long secondment with the Australian Defence Force .  He was met by locals living in the tiny township of Wuggubun , 600 miles away from the nearest city-Darwin .  The prince has been in Australia since Monday and will spend the rest of the month stationed in Sydney and Perth .  He struck a pose next to a Redheads Rule
James Anderson played for Burnley , Lancashire and England .  He was known as ` Pro Killer ' during his days with the club .  Anderson needed just three wickets to equal Sir Ian Botham as England 's top Test wicket taker .  Former team-mate Michael Brown says he was a shy introvert at Under 17 .  Brown : ` I thought : ' either I ` m losing it
Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to property ladder .  Seven point plan includes Help to Buy ISA which will help first-time buyers save for a deposit .  For every # 200 someone puts towards a deposit , the government will add # 50 up to a maximum of # 12,000 , meaning a bonus of up to # 3,000 .  Savers will be
Kyle Knox was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for Ben Nevis .  He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday .  Police Scotland said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker .  The 23-year-old attempted to climb Britain 's highest mountain in-7 C blizzards and 70mph winds .  The hunt had to be
Peter Reece , his fiancee , mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family .  The wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand , so they were unable to move .  Reece and his family got out of the vehicle , but his mother and child were trapped inside .  A police officer saved
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce , Italy , for a trattoria .  But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked .  He dug into a Messapian tomb , a Roman granary , a Franciscan chapel-and etchings from the Knights Templar .  The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium when no-one could have predicted the treasures
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht 's 14-7 defeat to Gloucester on Friday night .  The former All Blacks full-back was led away by police following his side 's Challenge Cup quarter-final defeat at Kingsholm .  TV cameras captured the moment he was led to a police van .  A man in his 30s has been handed over to police from South Wales Police .
Five-month-old baby was found dead at home in Perry Barr , Birmingham .  Police were called to their home at just before 1am yesterday morning .  Baby was taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital but died hours later .  Man , 25 , and woman , 22 , arrested on suspicion of murder by West Midlands Police .
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United .  The 25-year-old defender had been linked with a move to Arsenal .  Smalling was branded ` stupid ' by manager Louis van Gaal for his sending-off in the Manchester derby at the Etihad earlier this season .  He was due to be out of contract next summer but has now committed himself to United until 2019 .  Smalling
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .  He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .  His parents paid tribute to
Brett Allen Marihugh , 34 , and Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis , 32 , were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story in Virginia on Friday .  Both sailors were members of Naval Special Warfare Group 2 .  Both sailors served in the U.S. . Marine Corps before they enlisted in the Navy .
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being ` thrown around the cabin ' when plane began tumbling through the sky .  Plane landed safely back in Belgrade , but Nikolic was .  forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the .  One adviser told Reuters that she would ` never step foot on .
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer .  He posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015 .  Six students were arrested from Pearland High School and Dawson High School .  An amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol were also seized .  The Brazoria County Narcotics Task Force said it is not the first time they have done such
Wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester , with Wayne Rooney a regular .  Radamel Falcao dined at the restaurant on the same day he signed for Manchester United .  Nani , Sir Alex Ferguson and Ashley Cole have also dined there .  The restaurant has been ` recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for the past eight years '  But how else does it lure Manchester 's
Francis Pusok , 30 , is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing .  Seconds later , two deputies stun him with Tasers and beat him for two minutes .  Chillingly , a deputy whispered in suspect 's ear : ` This is n't over , ' according to his attorney .  Now , San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on leave .  He
Chelsea allowed the Premier League trophy to be displayed at Stamford Bridge for the BBC on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen by members of the public .  But a 20-strong stadium tour group at Chelsea clearly saw the silverware on the pitch .  A security guard attempted to cover it up to prevent photographs being taken .  The Premier League had agreed to a request
Matt Prior has not played since July , when he lost his England place to Jos Buttler .  Prior admitted he may never play Test cricket for England again .
Jonathan W . Krueger , 22 , was shot in the chest around 2 a . m . Friday while walking home from the University of Kentucky .  Justin Smith , 18 , was charged with the murder Friday afternoon after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim .
V Stiviano showed off two new braces while out to lunch Thursday in Los Angeles .  The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco .  This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday .  A solitary Eden Hazard strike in the first half was enough for Jose Mourinho 's side .  Wayne Rooney looked glum just a couple of days after the loss .
Roger Byng , 67 , captured the action on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge , Gloucester .
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative .  Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options .  Once ordered , a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code .  As soon as the boot is closed
Trinity Culley , from Fingringhoe , Essex , secretly watched ` One Born Every Minute '  She secretly watched the programme after her mother told her it was too graphic .  But when her mother 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule , she sprang into action .  She calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay .  Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby
Louis van Gaal is a fan of Danny Ings , who is out of contract in the summer .  The 22-year-old has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League .  Ings is also being strongly pursued by Liverpool and Tottenham and Manchester City .  United are also interested in signing Memphis Depay , Nathaniel Clyne and Mats Hummels .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester
Dominika Petrinova , 27 , was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik 's prank .  She had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash .  Mr Meldig revealed the ` joke ' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound .  Ms Petriniva decided to exact her revenge by gluing waxing strips to a plastic office chair .  She
In a new report , Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration .  This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent .  This will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10
Leanne Bourne , a mother-of-four from Romford , began an affair when she was 17 .  She suspected her partner Steve was having an affair , but she was heartbroken .  Larissa Knipe , seven years younger than her sister , turned out to be the other woman .  Larissa says there was nothing between her and Steve to begin with .  But a night out with her sister 's
Yaya Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season .  Manuel Pellegrini has vowed to back Toure until the end of the season .  Sportsmail revealed City would listen to offers for the Ivorian midfielder .  City face West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday .  Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell not to make the same mistake as other English players by moving to City
Manchester City wanted Isco when he left Malaga two years ago but chose Real Madrid over Manuel Pellegrini .  The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City , and chose the Spanish giants .  Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid .  Carlo Ancelotti 's first choice front three is Gareth Bale , Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema and his preferred
Muhammad Naviede , 60 , killed instantly in plane crash in August last year .  His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into field near Padbury , Buckinghamshire .  Pilot had written a text saying : ` I ' m in a plane out of control and it 's going down `  He was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a # 45million fraud .  He was the father of model
Paul McGowan has been given his third conviction for assaulting a police officer .  He has been confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks .  That has already ruled him out of the evening matches with Celtic at Dens Park on Wednesday and at Parkhead on Friday May 1 .  Dundee boss Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season
Two people treated at the scene by paramedics following crash in Goodge Street .  Four-vehicle pile-up also involved an Audi TT sports car and a Mercedes .  It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road .  Richard Beltran , 38 , caught the aftermath of the crash on camera .  He said he stayed around for two hours while the scene was being cleared
Four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan back to their father in Italy .  Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad .  Emily and Claire Vincenti are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their
Celtic face St Mirren in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday night .  The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage they earned # 12.6 m .  The same performance -- or better -- next season would see that sum rise by # 4m .  If they reach the last 16 , the figures crash through the # 20m barrier .  Ronny Deila 's side are looking to extend
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during Caykur Rizespor 's 5-1 win against Fenerbahce .  The Poland international was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem .  The 30-year-old is currently on loan from Werder Bremen .
Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus .  The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up .  The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13 , federal health officials said .  Symptoms include vomiting , dirrhea , fever and body aches .  According to
Eileen Mason , 92 , and Margaret Seabrook , 75 , were to a lunch club meeting in Swindon , Wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man tried to rob them of their mobility scooter baskets .  The man grabbed Mrs Mason by the arm and reached for her carrier bag .  But the would-be robber was soon to regret his action , as Mrs Mason shouted `
Fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to Hellas Verona on Monday night .  Alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty for the home side .  Mounir Obbadi scored the winning goal for the Viola in the 90th minute .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story .  Says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .  Claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with Prince Harry in 2012 .  Says alcohol gave her the confidence to approach him before they kissed .  In January , she said she
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new # 100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool .  The 20-year-old has put off talks with the Reds until the summer .  Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season .  Sterling started Liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday .  The England international has been linked with a move away from Anfield .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses .  Scientists at the University of Southern California have identified a gene , named Nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss .  The study was published in the journal PLOS Genetics .
Joe Sullivan , 46 , will leave his role as Facebook 's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns .  The $ 40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers .  Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles .  A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December .  This week in Denver
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado , making his way through Arizona , Texas and New Mexico .  The traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he 's journeyed across the country to take photographs .  The photographer said he was initially ` fearful and unsure ' when his friend Levi approached him with the idea , but did n't
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting .  He painted a self-portrait of the artist with a bullet hole through his heart .  His brother , Chinthu , has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad .  His lawyer has been pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate 's cell .  It comes after it was confirmed
Joe Anderson , 56 , took # 4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School , Merseyside .  He claimed he provided the school with ` kudos ' for being linked to him .  When the school stopped the payments in 2011 , he tried to sue them .  He said he was being punished for a ` philosophical belief ' in public service .
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ` crazy '  The Latics came from behind to draw 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage .  A Jermaine Pennant free-kick and Matt Smith 's stunning long-range effort put Fulham back in front .  But Jason Pearce 's 69th-minute effort earned the Latics a point .  A point lifted Wigan above Millwall on goal difference but both teams are seven points
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably when it rejected Clark Elmore 's claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial .  Elmore was convicted of killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter Kristy Ohnstad in 1995 .  He admitted killing her in a graphic taped confession .  Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state 's death row after
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago .  The Las Vegas-based Swede will fight mandatory challenger George Groves .  Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards in 2014 .  On the undercard , Danny Jacobs stopped Caleb Truax in the 12th round to successfully defend his WBA middleweight title .
Sergey Burkaev , 16 , and Konstantin Surkov , 17 , accused of murder and rape .  Pair doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia .  Pair fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers .  Police say both teenagers have confessed to the murders and rape .  The only reason they have given for the carnage was
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week 's Shell Houston Open .  The Spaniard finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta .  Garcia is also comfortable with the fact that he may never win a major after coming close yet again in the Open last year .  Rory McIlroy 's bid for
Stuart , 33 , claimed to have picked up chlamydia from car exhaust .  Ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged to find she also had the STD .
New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez , 61 , has pleaded not guilty to eight counts of bribery related to his friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen , 60 , according to a 68-page federal indictment unsealed this month .  According to the indictment , Menendzer helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. . on visas-including Brazilian model Juliana Lopes Leite and Ukrainian actress Svitlana Buchyk .
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 at Villa Park .  The Belgian striker has scored eight goals in his last six games .  He has been rejuvenated under Tim Sherwood , scoring a goal every 87 minutes since the new Villa manager took over .  He scored the winning goal for Aston Villa against Tottenham on Saturday .  He is in the form which could
John T . Booker Jr , 20 , was arrested in Manhattan , Kansas , on Friday morning .  He is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000 lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill ` people with power '  Booker had bipolar disorder and schizophrenia and was ` troubled ' , an imam said .  He was also charged with providing
Doug Hughes , 61 , landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the Capitol last week to protest campaign finance laws .  He was taken into custody and is now under house arrest in Florida .  Kathy Hughes , 12 , said she was ` downright proud ' of her father .  ` He 's a patriot you know ? ' she said . ` He did it for
Conchita van der Waal had worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years .  The 46-year-old offered ` kinky ' sexual services to clients from $ 450 an hour .  She has also been offering her services at more than # 300 an hour .  Her online advert advises that she is a ` high-class nymphomaniac and prostitute '  She described her greatest passion as ` raunchy kinky sex
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured holding a shisha pipe .  The Liverpool starlet was critcised after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide .  Brendan Rodgers has met with Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities .  The 20-year-old has not been fined after the incident last week .  Sterling has been warned about the consequences of taking a drug called ` hippy crack '  CLICK HERE
` Insta-fame ' is the latest criteria for models wanting to book jobs , according to leading Australian modelling agencies .  ` Influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions are now being added to their model portfolio .  The average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000-300 , 000 followers .  Vivien 's has introduced an ` influencers ' section noting their models ` social media stats .  It
Care home workers called residents ` fugly ' and told one she was living in brothel .  Nicole Howley , 25 , Chloe Pearsall , 26 , Joanne Fisher , 36 , and Barbara Holcroft , 63 , jailed .  Judge Sean Enright said he had ` put aside his own ' revulsion `  They ` systematically ' abused residents at Bupa care home in Bretton , Cambridgeshire .  Whistleblower
It is on course to be the hottest April on record and millions of Brits made the most of the sunny weekend weather today by heading to beaches and parks across the country .  A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency 's MetOp-B satellite has been released .  Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16.6 C in Achnagart ,
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy 's final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown .  Thierry Henry was asked to present the award but Sky did not allow it .  McCoy is a huge Arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game .
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup .  Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for the East Yorkshire side .  Rovers came from behind , trailing 12-0 in the early stages to the Kingstone Press Championship heavyweights .  Ryan Shaw scored five tries in the final 18 minutes at the Odsal Stadium .  It was only the club 's second cup tie success
Tate Ricks , nine , was reportedly fishing with his grandmother 's boyfriend .  Their boat was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize in the St Johns River .  The unidentified man with him attempted to save Ricks but could not .  Authorities are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline .  The boy is believed to not have been wearing a
Gao Yu , 71 , was named one of the International Press Institute 's 50 ` world press heroes ' in 2000 .  He ` illegally provided state secrets to foreigners ' , Beijing 's No . 3 Intermediate People 's Court said on a verified social media account today .  Ruling stated Gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party .  Document warned of the `
Anna Ragin 's mummified remains were discovered in the Richmond area of San Francisco .  Neighbors said the elderly woman had not been seen for years .  Police described it as the ` worst case of hoarding they have ever seen '  The property is said to have been crawling with rats , black widow spiders and dog feces .  Authorities said the home was covered in debris , including
Former AFL player Ben Cousins surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station on Thursday .  He had been on bail and was supposed to appear in court on Wednesday but failed to show up .  His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments .  Magistrate Steven Malley warned the former AFL star that he now faces a jail term for the ` serious ' offences he
The prize porker , known as Pigwig , had fallen into the pool in Ringwood , Hampshire .  His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water .  Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the pig .  The exhausted animal put up no opposition when firefighters arrived to
Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed celebrity chef Pete Evans for promoting fluoride-free water .  The My Kitchen Rules judge is putting people 's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle .  Evans has responded to the Health Minister 's concerns , saying he would like to discuss the benefits of water fluoridation .  Evans has also been under fire for endorsing the Paleo diet which
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday .  The pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time in the sun .  It has certainly been a rollercoaster season for the Red Devils .  United have emerged as rivals to Arsenal for second place in the Premier League .
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials .  Former Celtic striker has branded additional official Alan Muir ` idiotic '  He failed to see a handball by Inverness Caley Thistle defender Josh Meekings in Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final .  The defender is now fighting a ban from the Scottish Cup Final following a Notice of Complaint from the SFA compliance officer .  Sutton infamously triggered a huge
French model is filmed and photographed as she ` ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day .  The working mother-of-two is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end-at 7am and 9.47 pm .  Both images are then judged independently by people on the street .  Researchers found she looked five years older in the evening photograph compared to the morning image
Inverness defender Josh Meekings cleared to play in Scottish Cup Final .  Charge of deliberate handball thrown out after 3-2 extra-time win against Celtic .  However , he admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and was red-carded .  SFA judicial panel decided it was not entitled to take matter further .  But legal sources have told Sportsmail that the SFA 's prosecutor is entitled to cite
Steven and Sarah Nick built up huge arsenal of high-power weapons .  Police raided their home in Davison Township , Michigan , in August last year .  They are accused of plundering Mrs Nick 's 67-year-old mother 's savings .  Many of the weapons were legally owned , but the couple are said to have links to the Michigan militia .
Raymond Frolander , 18 , sexually abused 11-year-old boy at Florida home last July .  He was beaten unconscious by child 's father after he walked in on him .  After his arrest , police released his mugshot , which showed him in bloodied state .  It showed him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations .  Now , he has been sentenced to quarter of a
Dani Alves is out of contract with Barcelona at the end of the season .  The Barcelona defender 's contract runs out on June 30 .  Alves ` camp say it 's actually a one-year deal to be renewed for a second year , and then a third year , only if he plays a certain number of matches .  If he wins things then he will end up earning
Ali Gordon , 26 , and his girlfriend , Lydia Millen , 27 , met on Instagram two years ago .  He taught her how to train hard and eat clean , getting her to ditch her unhealthy habits and focus on getting fit .  The couple , who live in Milton Keynes , have 194,000 followers and Ali has 109,000 .  Lydia is a full-time blogger , she often
Hull City are interested in signing QPR defender Nedum Onuoha .  The 28-year-old is one of several players poised to leave the club .  Everton and West Ham are also interested in the QPR centre-back .  Victor Anichebe is also being watched by Hull and could move to the KC Stadium .
Lauren Hill , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children 's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor .  During her senior year of high school , Hill was diagnosed with DIPG -LRB- Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma -RRB- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent .  Hill made it through a
Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , from Granite Hill , California , posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane .  The mother of two , who suffers from multiple myeloma-a rare form of plasma cancer-detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video , which has been shared nearly 10,000 times as of Tuesday evening .  She said
Middle class households earn between 67 and 200 per cent of the state 's average income .  Maryland 's middle class is the highest paid in the country , with an average income of $ 72,483 .  Hawaii and the District of Columbia are the top five .  New York is home to the financial capital of the United States , New York City .  The lowest paid middle class
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets .  The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season .  He played just six games as the Patriots won the Super Bowl .  Ridley became the 15th player to join the Jets in a frantic free agency .
Ed Miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in over 72 hours this morning after going to ground over the Easter weekend .  The Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning -- his first public appearance since Saturday .  His political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day .  David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Nigel
The strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow .  Can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapsless dress ?  At 48 I ` m at least 30 years too old to carry it off .  The material is flimsy and there 's almost no structure , so her bust looks horribly saggy .  The
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the settlement of Zapalnya , Bulgaria , where residents lived until they were forced to leave in the 1960s .  The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir , near the town of Tvardica .  Homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area were submerged in
University of Alberta law student Derek Murray accidentally left his headlights on all day in Edmonton , Alberta .  He found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life .  Derek was able to get his car started , but when he rang the good Samaritan 's doorbell , there was no answer .  The note has been viewed millions
Some 35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities .  Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event , and the First Lady joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage .  This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months .  Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident .  Defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash .  But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ` floating ice ' rather than a Russian sub .  Collision ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the
Ed Miliband was accused of trying to make political capital from the Mediterranean tragedy .  The Labour leader claimed the crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of the PM 's Libya policy .  Senior Tories said he was effectively ` accusing the Prime Minister of murder '  Nick Clegg also condemned Labour 's intervention , pointing out that Mr Milliband had backed Western military involvement in Libya
UK 's biggest mobile network to give away free portable chargers .  Customers will be able to swap them for a new one at any EE shop .  Other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service if they pay a # 20 fee .  Almost 60 per cent of smartphone users found their battery would not last a full day .
Tim Bresnan is keen to give England 's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for Yorkshire .  The right-arm quick last played in the England whites during the 5-0 Ashes defeat in the winter of 2013 / 14 .  The double Ashes-winner helped end Yorkshire 's 13-year wait for a title last season , taking 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings .  The Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday .  There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine
Google 's patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot , in the same way one might download an app .  The personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ` a deceased loved one , ' or ` a celebrity '  According to Google-owned Boston Dynamics , Atlas is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain
Shane Ferguson has not played since his country 's 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in October .  The 23-year-old 's knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season .  Rangers were controversially loaned players from Newcastle in January , when St James ` Park and Sports Direct supremo Mike Ashley was still calling the shots in the Ibrox boardroom ahead of the Dave King-led takeover
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life .  The young woman , who cannot be named , told Sydney 's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships .  The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years .  This simulation shows how the outflow of material from the star has dramatically expanded as it takes shape .  The star -- known as W75N -LRB- B -RRB--VLA2 -- is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun , although it is masked by a black cloud of space dust
Gareth Bale scored twice as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 .  The Welsh winger scored for Wales away on international duty .  Bale Tweeted : ` Unbelievable result this afternoon , great team performance . Now for a BBQ '  Real Madrid bounced back from El Clasico defeat by Barcelona with a thumping win .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against an eight-minute hat-trick .
Reverend Andrew Dotchin , 58 , was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich .  He was told there were health and safety concerns , because a glass could fall on his foot .  Mr Dotchin preaches at Whitton Parish Church in Ipswich .  The bizarre run-in sparked a flurry of activity supporting him on Facebook .
Patricia Wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948 .  She has gone there every year and has written a book about it .  But she has been told she is no longer welcome at the beauty spot after a stand-off .  Owner Roy Stevenson accused her of knocking over his son Daniel , 36 , in her car .  He said : `
Chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the Premier League table .  Jose Mourinho 's side are planning a victory parade on May 25 .  A letter from Hammersmith and Fulham council has been delivered to residents of the area .  The parade would start around 12pm and should finish around 1pm .  Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest
Gabby Giffords , 44 , and her husband , retired astronaut Mark Kelly , were seen jetting out of Los Angeles on Friday .  The former U.S. . representative , who is now an advocate for gun control , survived an attempted assassination in Tucson , Arizona , four years ago .  She posted a picture on social media of the couple visiting the Space Shuttle Endeavour at the California
Manchester City lost 4-2 to United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side were poor for all but the opening 15 minutes .  Gary Neville says Yaya Toure 's defensive lapses are costing them .  The Ivorian has been criticised by Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness .  Neville says the club need to get rid of ` weeds in the garden '  City are now four points
Nico Rosberg was back to his best in Bahrain Grand Prix .  The Briton finished third behind Hamilton and Kimi Raikkonen .  The Mercedes driver is 27 points adrift of his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton .  Toto Wolff says he will ` have a very strong Nico bouncing back ' in Barcelona .  Hamilton 's brake system failed on the penultimate lap of the race .  The 30-year-old was able to
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker 's most prestigious tournament .  There is interest from China in hosting the event .  Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield .  Hearn is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council and BBC .  Ronnie O ` Sullivan has said he would love to equal Steve Davis 's haul of six Crucible crowns .
Anais Zanotti , 30 , from Saint-Tropez , France , moved to the US eight years ago to become an international model .  Has modelled for Playboy , GQ , Esquire and Maxim and has 35 cover shoots .  Has skydived more than 1,350 times and is now an instructor .  ` I love the freedom once you leave the plane-your brain stops thinking , ' she said .  The
Charles Barnhoorn , 20 , took hundreds canisters of nitrous oxide before taking his own life .  He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton , Devon .  Coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation .  He had been a recreational drug user from the age of 16 , taking mephedrone .  But by 20 he had turned his life
Zara Phillips was ` surprised ' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy .  The Queen 's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime .  The 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics .  Zara helped take home team silver at the 2012 London Olympics .  She is keen to compete in the 2016 Olympics , but first I need to
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree .  The Irish jockey suffered a spinal concussion in the fall .  It is the second time in a year that Condon has suffered a similar injury .
Striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity .  SDP . 81 is an active star-forming galaxy nearly 12 billion light-years away , seen at a time when the universe was only 15 percent of its current age .  The Alma telescope in Chile was able to capture the effect in the highest resolution images ever taken by
Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are ` shocked ' that 25 per cent of # 6.3 m worth of transfer fees were paid in commission to unnamed parties .  The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson 's alleged level of investment in the club .  The Tannadice club responded by defending their record in a statement .  Club debt is projected to be
Four Roma men and women appeared in Marseille court accused of human trafficking .  Six others are facing related charges in ` two thousands piece puzzle '  Ilie Ionita , 35 , Valeriu Rosu , 42 , Florian Stan , 33 , and Florin Coman 25 face 10 years in prison .  They deny the charges against them , saying the babies were ` a gift '  Only defendant not
Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills .  The utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November .  Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power .  They
Lynn , from Chippenham , suffers from a painful and crippling condition called hip displasia .  The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly , which causes pain when she moves .  She also has scoliosis -LRB- curvature of the spine -RRB- .  Lynn and husband Liam tried for a baby for three years .  When she fell pregnant , she did n't
Cheryl Prudham , 33 , receives # 39,000 in benefits a year on top of # 1,600 salary .  She and her partner Robert , 30 , are spending # 10,000 on trip to Las Vegas .  Couple , from Gravesend , Kent , are planning to renew vows at Circus Circus hotel .  They have booked to see some shows and go on a helicopter tour across Nevada .
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia , with a risk around 30 % lower than those of healthy weight .  Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested being fat -- with a high Body Mass Index -LRB- BMI -RRB--could raise the risk .  Data on 1,958,191 patients aged 55 on average with a BMI of 26.5 on average-just within the range usually classed as overweight-were examined .
Jennifer Aniston works out three times a week with long-term trainer Mandy Ingber .  Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga .
Art and photography community BoredPanda has created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colors '  They have dressed their babies as characters from sci-fi films , TV shows and comic books .  One newborn is dressed as Princess Leia , Superman and Spiderman .  Another baby is seen as Alice-from Alice in Wonderland-costume , complete with a knitted pocket watch and a Cheshire cat .
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique is not concerned by Neymar 's recent goal drought .  The Brazil forward has not scored for Barcelona since February 15 .  The 23-year-old looked out of sorts in Sunday 's 1-0 win at Celta Vigo .  Barca can stretch their lead over second-placed Real Madrid to seven points with a win against Almeria .  Luis Enrique 's side are through to the last eight of
Liverpool face Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday night .  The Reds are seven points behind Premier League leaders Manchester City .  Philippe Coutinho says winning the FA Cup would save their season .
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden , Ontario to Comox , British Columbia .  After picking up a rocking chair he bought for free from Kijiji , he set off on the nine-day journey .  The traveller is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand .  He is joined by a friend who mimics the plane 's wings before shaking hands and waving goodbye to one another .  The pair
Kieran Murray , from Brisbane in Queensland , recently spent months travelling across the US .  He documented his interactions with locals all around the country .  From a homeless man who insisted Murray was saying ` Get out of my nightgown ' to a shirtless man in Austin , Texas .  While on the subway he asked one man to repeat what he said , but he said `
Jack Wilshere moved a step closer to recovery after 90 minutes for Arsenal 's Under 21 side .  The England midfielder came through the match unscathed .  Alex Iwobi scored a hat-trick as Arsenal beat Stoke City 4-1 at the Emirates .  Ollie Shenton opened the scoring for Stoke in the first half .  Serge Gnabry fired a snapshot on the turn that was saved by Daniel Gyollai .  Abou
Prasanna ` Nick ' Arulchelvam died when he fell from a van in Watford .  The 34-year-old was trying to stop a gang of thieves who had broken into his van .  He jumped through an open side door of the van but was pushed out and hit the ground .  A customer reported hearing a ` nasty crunch ' as the shopkeeper 's head struck the ground .  Michael
Toni Elliot , 53 , sat for dinner at Puckett 's Boat House in Franklin , Tennessee .  But when she spat out the mouthful she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand .  As naturally-occurring pearls are rare , it 's expected that Elliot 's stash could fetch a princely sum .
Massimiliano Allegri 's Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A .  If they win the league , it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club .  If they beat Empoli on Saturday , it would be the club 's fourth straight title .  Juventus have won their last four league games .  Lazio travel to Sardinia to face Cagliari in Serie A on Saturday
Daniel Sturridge faces a race to be fit for Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa .  Striker missed Monday 's 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip .  Steven Gerrard could return after seeing out the last game of his suspension .  The Liverpool captain is available after serving a three-match suspension .  Joe Allen says playing in these games is why he joined Swansea
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl , who he was giving one-to-one tuition .  Guildford Crown Court heard the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car .  The married father-of-one , of Addlestone , Surrey , admitted a string of sex offences .  The pair met because Shorter was her Maths teacher at Rydens School in Hersham , Surrey .
Martha the golden retriever was playing with her owner on the beach in Leasowe , Merseyside .  She was caught out by a strong current and was swept out to sea .  New Brighton 's RNLI crew were called but were unable to save the dog .  Martha was found cold and shivering half a mile away from the water .
One-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton .  Cabin crew asked that she sit on parents ` lap on Ben Gurion Airport .  Struggled to keep daughter still after strapping her in connector belt .  Mr Aziz said : ` I was simply trying to restrain our daughter ... she was very happy in that and belted in correctly '  Transavia Airlines have said that
Craig Sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township , 45 miles northwest of Detroit .  Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife , Valbona Lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death .  They agreed to 15 years in jail and could be deported after serving their sentences .  The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane
Justin Welby will say in his Easter sermon that 148 Christian students were ` witnesses ' to their faith .  Comments follow Pope Francis ` denunciation of ' senseless ` killings at Garissa University College .  Three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack on Thursday .
Kate Major was ordered to rehab by Michael Lohan last year .  She is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of Lindsay Lohan .  Michael made a 911 call on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him .  When police arrived Kate was visibly intoxicated , had slurred speech and blood shot eyes .  She was taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail
Christien Sechrist , a 20-year-old Houston , Texas , had a large tattoo of his son Perseus on the left side of his face in July .  The trainee electrician thanked the tattoo artist who created the tattoo , saying he looked like his son .  Christien has no regrets about the controversial tattoo , and claims that his son ` loves it '  A snapshot of the tattoo was
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Goals from Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini , Juan Mata and Chris Smalling secured victory .  Louis van Gaal 's side are now fourth in the Premier League .  Neville was impressed by his former club 's performance as a whole .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Russian Premier League match between Arsenal Tula and Torpedo Moscow was halted .  Torpingo Moscow fans broke down barriers and threw chairs , according to the club 's website .  Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms .  Fights broke out between fans on the running track after they managed to climb over barriers .
Major-General Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit .  He was given the drug Lariam before a deployment in Sierra Leone .  Since 2008,994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues .  The drug has been banned by the U.S. . military due to concerns over side effects .  The MoD has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in what critics say is an escalating ` scandal '
Raymond Handley was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court .  He sexually assaulted his young victim twice before threatening to kill her mother .  Becky Handley , 20 , discovered her father 's grisly crimes in a local newspaper .  She said : ` I think he should be hanged for what he has done '  The restaurant worker has disowned him and vowed to change her name
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of Tehran 's backing of Shiite Houthi fighters .  Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen at the start of a third week of bombing .  Riyadh has accused Tehran , the major Shiite power , of backing the rebels in a bid to establish a
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home on February 16,2012 .  She suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her face , arms and torso .  Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe .  Lawyers for Ms Vulin will on Tuesday , in the Supreme Court of Western Australia , claim that she
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona 's suggestion that he is the best footballer on the planet .  Pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him .  PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie on Tuesday .  Pastore scored a brace in PSG 's 3-1 win at Nice on Saturday .
Woman jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda as carjacker attempted to drive off .  Incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun .  Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman 's life .  A manhunt has been launched to find three alleged accomplices who fled the scene in a red mini van .
David Villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the New York Stock Exchange .  The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit New York City FC this season .  Villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for the club .
A woman in China shows her strength by using her legs to lift a group of people .  The footage was filmed at a birthday party in Sichuan Province .  She holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down .  Four people attach themselves to the wood and the plank is lifted onto her feet .
The women of Japan swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne .  Mahonia , a traditional herbal treatment for acnes , is a number one bestseller in the East Asian nation .  Neal 's Yard Remedies have seen sales of the herbal compound go through the roof online from customers in the UK .  The herb contains high
Tottenham are considering sharing their new # 400m stadium with an NFL franchise .  The north London club are said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London .  Tottenham 's new 65,000 capacity stadium could be better suited to the NFL than the 90,000-seat Wembley .  The design of the new stadium could involve a ` slide-out ' grass football pitch and an NFL-style synthetic
Darron Gibson damaged his metatarsal in Everton 's 2-1 win over QPR last month .  The midfielder missed almost all of Roberto Martinez 's first campaign with cruciate ligament damage .  Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape .  Romelu Lukaku is only ` 50 / 50 ' to be involved against Swansea due to a hamstring injury .  The Belgian international , whose future
Joanne Whitehouse applied for her daughter Alice to go to St John Fisher 's RC Primary School in Middleton as her only preference .  Her sons Joel , nine , Harri , seven , and Ollie , six , already attend the school .  Mother-of-eight , from Middleton , Greater Manchester , was told there were 82 applications for just 30 places at the school this year .  Ms Whitehouse
Dalny Vostok trawler with international crew of 132 sank off Russia 's Kamchatka Peninsula .  63 crew members rescued with sea 's temperature near zero degrees Celsius .  More than 25 fishing boats in area helped to pull crew members to safety .  Ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals , as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar , Ukraine , Lithuania and Vanuatu .
` Our Planet ' is being produced by U.K. . - based Silverback Films in collaboration with World Wildlife Fund , an independent conservation group .  The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally .  The series is intended to wow ` global audiences with the wonder and importance of the natural world , ' said Silverback company
Tickets for Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight have yet to go on public sale .  Just two weeks before the bout , tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have not yet gone on sale .  The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments .  The estimated gate for the tickets if they are sold at retail prices is already a
Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board .  The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing Hugh Morris in the aftermath of the Ashes whitewash .  Kevin Pietersen has joined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for
Celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival .  As in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun .  This year 's lineup includes rapper Drake , Florence and the Machine , FKA Twigs , David Guetta , The Weeknd , Kasabian ,
In the springtime , the shops are full of new season clothes that are waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing British weather .  Cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least June for an appearance .  UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015
More than half of Scots plan to back the SNP in the general election .  SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been buoyed by series of TV debates opposing austerity cuts .  New TNS survey shows SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month .  Only 24 % of Scots planning to vote for Ed Miliband , according to TNS .  The 28-point lead is nearly double last
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband 's plan to scrap ` non-dom ' status had won him over .  Hotelier signed letter from 100 business leaders backing Tories ` economic record .  Letter said ` Conservative-led Government has been good for business ' and backed cut in corporation tax to 20 % .  TV star was one of Gordon Brown 's most prominent backers ahead of 2010 election .  He helped
Three plane diversions in just over 24 hours of British Airways planes .  Airbus A321 from Baku , Azerbaijan to London was forced to return to where it had set out from 11 minutes after a 9.20 pm local time departure .  The # BA144 was carrying 92 passengers and crew .  There were reports at the time that the pilot had alerted ground staff of an engine fire .
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery .  Coroner Stuart Fisher said junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ` unorthodox and unacceptable ' way .  He also said senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth .  Thor 's parents said the report revealed staff had
Cobain lived in the two-bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A. . 's Fairfax district .  It is described as ` beautiful , decorated and clean ' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs .  The singer and his wife rented the unit for $ 1,100 -LRB- # 727 -RRB- a month .  According to Charles R . Cross 's 2001 Cobains biography Heavier Than Heaven .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth in the Super League .  The Giants have lost all three games over the Easter holiday period .  They go into Sunday 's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league .  A first win in four would enable Huddersfield to leapfrog French visitors , who have won just one of five away games so far this year
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a ` run away success ' on The View , a network source tells Daily Mail Online .  She would attract great guests-even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again .  ` Barbara believes that Monica , 41 , could make
The app , dubbed ` Project Elysium ' , claims to create a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed .  It could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers , allowing people to live on in virtual reality .  The app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work .  Dr Albert Rizzo , director of medical virtual
Robert Clark was a gunner in the Durham Light Infantry when he was captured .  He was one of the few British soldiers to survive Hitler 's 1,000-mile death march .  Now a great-great grandfather , he is one of Britain 's oldest surviving PoWs .  He is registered blind , deaf in one ear , dependent on a wheelchair and suffers from anxiety .  Brent Council said it was
Jemma Gawned , 40 , is the ` polar opposite ' of the person she was in her teens and early twenties .  She appeared on the first Australian series of Big Brother in 2001 .  Naked Treaties , based in Byron Bay , supplies hundreds of stores in Melbourne .  All the ingredients in her products are raw , vegan , organic and ethically sourced .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  Pep Guardiola 's side have now scored six goals so far this season .  The German giants are currently top of the Bundesliga table .  Bayern will face Borussia Dortmund in the final of the German Cup on April 28 .
David Rush , 33 , from Lisburn , Northern Ireland , piled on the pounds .  At his heaviest , he weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist XXXXL clothes on the internet .  He now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs-down from 34st at his heftyest .  Mr Rush 's old diet consisted of twice-daily takeaways topped up with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat Coca-Cola
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a $ 50million -LRB- # 36m -RRB- price tag on Paulo Dybala .  The Italian is wanted by Manchester United , Chelsea , Arsenal , Inter Milan , Juventus and PSG .  Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini watched the match between Parma and Palermo on Sunday .  Palermo are determined to cash in on the ` new Lionel Messi '
Female jihadis filmed firing machine guns and practising drills in Syria .  All of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals .  Standing on their parade ground , the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans .  They appear to struggle with the weight of their AK 47 rifles .  They are shown firing off five rounds before being ushered away .  The group is
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek , South Australia .  It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .  S . Kidman and Co are a family business with a headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff .  The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia 's exports .
Steve McClaren 's side were held to a 2-2 draw by Watford at the iPro Stadium .  Matej Vydra put Derby ahead in the 23rd minute after Cyrus Christie lost the ball out on the right but a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game .  Tom Ince put Johnny Russell in and Marco Motta 's wild challenge saw him red-carded .  Darren Bent coolly drove a
Navinder Sarao boasted he could earn # 1m in a week in ` volatile ' markets .  The 36-year-old made the bold claim in October last year in an email to colleagues .  US prosecutors allege Sarao helped to trigger the so-called ` Flash Crash ' of Wall Street .  Crash netted Sarao # 27m in profits , they claim .  He appeared at Westminster Magistrates ` Court on Wednesday
Iran 's President Hassan Rouhani has called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal .  He said : ` Everything we promised in the nuclear talks ... we will remain loyal to and stand by our promises '  The agreement between Iran and the West , struck after a 12-year stand-off , aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief .
30-year-old has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her .  Symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia .  If not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years .  Avril remembers first waking up on night in April drenched in sweat and feeling feverish
People walking along Somerton Beach , southwest of Adelaide , found a deceased fully-clothed man on December 1,1948 .  A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning .  Police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable .  Even a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man 's trousers did
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National make their choice purely down to the name of the horse .  70 per cent of women simply rely on pot luck .  Jockey Sam Twiston Davies admitted that he always salutes a magpie .
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday .  Sam Allardyce vented his fury at fourth official Robert Madley .  The Hammers boss was unhappy with fourth official 's handling of Stewart Downing .  Sergio Aguero scored City 's second goal with an own-goal .  CLICK HERE for all the latest West Ham news .
Riccardo Tisci , 40 , posted a photo of himself with Versace designer Donatella , 59 , on Instagram yesterday .  He described her as his ` ultimate icon ' and said he would ` love to see her dressed in Givenchy '  The pair have been friends for years , since first meeting at a Vogue Italia dinner a decade ago .  Both high-fashion brands attract many celebrity fans
Hydroraulic crane recovered so-called ` legal highs ' from roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool .  22 phones , three Sim cards and six chargers also recovered from 60ft roof .  Altcourse , privately run by G4S , has been criticised for drug-related violence .
Joseph O ` Riordan , 73 , was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex .  He became suspicious after discovering his wife , Amanda , 47 , was having an affair .  He hired a private investigator to follow her and called her an ambulance .  He stabbed her in the chest , torso , arms and back with a seven inch kitchen knife .  The couple had
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday .  Wayne Rooney has been deployed in midfield at Old Trafford .  The 29-year-old had previously played in midfield .  Louis van Gaal 's side came from behind to beat Preston North End in the FA Cup .  The Red Devils have since won their next five games in the league .  Rooney is the most serious threat to
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times .  The 41-year-old has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race .  The mother-of-two will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award .  She set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003 .  FEMAIL looks back on the career of the inspirational running super mother .
Seven baby foxes were found abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park .  They were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center .  The center is spending more than $ 1,000 looking after the foxes .
Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Lee Cattermole during Crystal Palace 's 4-1 win over Sunderland .  Gary Cahill has responded to the challenge of fighting Kurt Zouma for his place in Chelsea 's defence .  Arsene Wenger 's decision to axe goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny after fining him for smoking in the showers at Southampton has proved a pivotal point of Arsenal 's season .  Vincent Kompany 's recovery from a
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow , Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days .  Met Office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on .  According to forecasters we will begin to see the Arctic airmass , also known as a polar maritime mass , on Saturday after it
Charlotte Blakeway , 17 , was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire .  The A-level student was studying film , performance , English and sociology .  Her death has shocked family , friends and teachers at Shrewsbury Sixth Form College .  Mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer who was studying music and drama at sixth form and dreamed of becoming an actress .  She
Female cyclist killed in rush-hour accident close to Lambeth Bridge .  Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike ` completely squashed ' under lorry .  Today 's incident was fifth death of a cyclist in capital this year-all involving lorries .  Cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road .  Westminster City Council said : ` We are shocked and saddened by
The Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi , Japan .  It beat the previous record of 361mph -LRB- 580km / h -RRB- set in 2003 .  The seven-car train was able to go so fast because it made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway .  The technology promises a ride that 's smoother , quieter and almost twice
Manchester City beat Leicester City 5-1 on aggregate to reach the Youth Cup final .  The Premier League champions ` youth side won 4-2 on aggregate on that occasion .  Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester hope of clawing back the lead with 20 minutes to go .  But Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker struck to kill that dream off .  City will face Chelsea in the second leg on April
England football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts .  Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill took to the field at Pennyhill Park , Bagshot .  Jack Nowell of Exeter Chiefs and Bath 's George Ford took part .
Toni Duggan says England will fear nobody at this summer 's World Cup finals .  The Manchester City striker has scored 11 goals in 16 games for her country .  England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances .  England are aiming to win their first major tournament in Canada in June .  They have scored 10 hat-trick against Turkey and Montenegro .  Click
Labour 's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored winning goal .  Match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman .  Mr Aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago .  People can donate to the campaign through GordonsFightback . com or texting ` MNDS85 # 5 ' to 70070 .  David Cameron insisted Tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory .  But Labour
David Cameron said Easter was ` time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays in our national life '  Called on people to ` feel proud to say this is a Christian country '  The Prime Minister condemned the persecution of Christians following the Garissa massacre in Kenya .  Mr Cameron criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a ` fresh moral vision of the kind of
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled ` Why I ' m on Team Weirdo For Life `  In which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ` regular ' girl by altering her appearance .  ` I was a bona fide weirdo in high school . I wore my yellow rubber clogs every day . I was
An Hour with Ruta accused Norway of stealing their children .  Claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents .  Norway 's Child Protection Service -LRB- Barnevernet -RRB- argued that it was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a ` sought-after commodity '  An expert on the controversial service said the country needed fresh blood to combat its rates of inbreeding .  Earlier this year
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team .  Roeder and former Hull City chairman Adam Pearson are joining Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League .  The off-field team has been put in place by Thai tycoon Dejphon Chansiri .
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions .  The plan , called the Mole Urban project , aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas .  It would see driverless capsules propelled by a magnetic wave produced by linear induction motors .  If successful , a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods .  If successful it could be rolled out in other
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured the moment a great grey owl swooped on a field mouse in Ontario , Canada .  The bird has a five-foot wingspan and is clothed in soft feathers making its attacks almost silent .
Amy Johnson , 38 , faces two assault charges after she allegedly grabbed a 16-year-old McDonald 's worker around the neck and scratched her face .  Ms Johnson said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the worker used her hands to put them back in the packet .  Appearing at Newtown court , in Sydney 's inner west , on Thursday , she
Paul Smith faces world super-middleweight champion Andre Ward .  WBA have ordered the pair to meet in a unification fight .  Ward is ranked by many of the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world .
Aidan Turner , 31 , stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe .  Scything expert Chris Riley , 56 , says his own physique is more like Iggy Pop .  Turner 's macho grunts and terrible technique as he hacked at the hay .  Expert scyther says in real life , Turner would have run out of breath long before completing the scene-and he would have
Salvina Formosa has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness .  The widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week .  She wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness .  Nearly 1000 older western Sydney residents have taken part in NSW Health 's community-based program
Ashley Young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by Manchester City .  United have never lost five straight derbies to their local rivals .  United go into the match as favourites after registering five straight league wins .  That run has helped United move into third , one point ahead of City .  City slipped to their third defeat in five games at Crystal Palace on Monday .
Argentina internationals dined out at the San Carlo Italian Restaurant in the city centre on Sunday night .  Angel di Maria , Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo dined together with their partners .  Manchester United 's Victor Valdes and Willy Caballero were also in attendance along with his wife Yolanda Cardona and his partner Eugenia Lusardo .  United players had just returned from a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on Saturday
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow .  The West Ham striker had surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February .  The 26-year-old will not have a summer break over the summer .  He will instead be working hard at the club 's Chadwell Heath training ground .
The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift by Italy 's University of Udine .  It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water .  It is based on an actual event on January 15,2009 , when U.S. . Airways Flight 1549 was forced to land in the Hudson River .  Following a series of bird strikes
The # ThisDoesn ` tMeanYes campaign was created by Rape Crisis London .  It aims to stamp out the myth that women are ` asking for it ' because of their choice of dress .  The campaign has also produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in London .  To accompany the hashtag , the charity has called for other women to join the movement by posting their own photographs
Great British Bake Off star Sue Perkins , 45 , is taking a break from Twitter after receiving death threats .  She became favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear last week .  Last week , a flurry of bets placed on her propelled her to the top spot .  But she tweeted : ` My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead ... . someone suggested
Patrick Priebe built a working Iron Man-style arm and hand .  It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm .  In a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away .  The gadget is powered by Lithium-ion cells and output ranges between 0.2 W and 1.2 W .  It can be fired continuously for up to three
James Hayward had his toy gun packed in his hand luggage for flight to Lanzarote .  The four-year-old 's toy-which fires sponge darts-was picked up on X-ray machines .  He was forced to hand over it after it was deemed a security risk .  Dad Phil has labelled the security checks ` ludicrous ' and criticized how staff reacted .  East Midlands Airport apologised for the inconvenience but said they
Carlo Ancelotti has to choose between Isco , Toni Kroos , Luka Modric and James Rodriguez to finalise his best starting line-up at Real Madrid .  In all competitions , Isco has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists .  In Italy , the fallout at the demise of Inter Milan continues with Corriere dello Sport reporting that there is a divide between Italian and foreign playing and non-playing staff
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side have failed to build on a title success .  They were punished last summer for breaching the Financial Fair Play regulations .  The Chilean has said City must sign a ` crack ' player such as Sergio Aguero .  City have slipped to fourth place ahead of Monday 's trip to Crystal Palace .  City have
Public servants were told their jobs would be lost in an April Fools ` Day prank .  30 low-ranking employees were told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to Melbourne .  The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade is planning to cut 500 jobs by June .
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings .  The 27-year-old made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row .  The point guard made a staggering 94 out of his 100 attempts during the practice session .  Curry 's effort bounced off the rim and out , causing a scream of frustration from the point guard .  Golden State beat the Portland
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday .  They were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State .  The two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey .  It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia .  Prime Minister Tony Abbott said the deal was to ensure ` if Australians are
Michael Churton was with four colleagues at Mount Everest base camp .  The 38-year-old was hit by snow and ice for a minute and almost buried .  He was knocked back and suffered facial injuries after the avalanche .  He said he told his group to get down just before the snow hit .  As the wall of snow approached , he got into the fetal position and hoped for
Jake Boys , 19 , was planning romantic trip with girlfriend Emily Canham , 18 , to see One Direction .  But he booked flights to the Republic of Ireland instead of Wales .  Miss Canham tweeted : ` Jake tried to surprise me with 1D / McBusted tickets for Cardiff '  Arsenal supporter Mr Boys is now planning to buy tickets to Cardiff .
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour .  Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate .  Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients .  The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects .  If you want to try a Jungle Bar for yourself , you
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , whose second child is due tomorrow , have been seen out on shopping trips this week .  On Monday , the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store , Zara Home , in Kensington High Street .  Kate recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry .  She recycled a double breasted trench at House of Fraser -LRB- now
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League .  The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League captain this season .  Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley at Turf Moor on Easter Sunday .  Kane and Danny Ings will both be handed spots in Gareth Southgate 's Under 21 Euros squad .
Smugglers Cottage , near Portreath , has seven bedrooms , six reception rooms and seven bathrooms , and has direct access to the beach .  The summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four , with uninterrupted views of the sea .  Estate agents Jackson-Stops & Staff of Truro say the property has ` direct access onto the beach and has these two houses linked by a
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim , near Bonn , Germany .  Owners had lost their pet in early March and looked everywhere .  Four weeks later , a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises from under the bath .  Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had looked everywhere-even hanging up notices in surrounding streets .
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide .  They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change .  The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady , New York .  Two decades later ,
The injured and diseased Husky was picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide .  He has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly the result of being hit by a car .  He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange .  He has been named Hero by his carers and is now being treated by vets .
Roger , an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan .  Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it .  Mr Barnes and his team made the mistake of trying to take it away from him .  He was rescued Roger in 2006 after finding
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute at Vicarage Road .  Substitute Ikechi Anya doubled the lead in the second half .  Chris Maguire 's stoppage-time penalty denied the Cherries and left Watford on top of the pile .  The Hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following Middlesbrough 's victory at
Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht 1-0 on Sunday .  Obbi Oulare scored in the 74th minute after a Timmy Simons own goal .  Manchester United , Everton , Sunderland , Burnley , Dortmund and Leverkusen were in attendance .  scouts from England and Germany were in Belgium to watch the game .  Ruud Vormer then scored with four minutes remaining .
Michelle Newman said all she heard was a ` pop ' and looked up to see her son James ` heels as he fell .  The child had fallen out of the window , which had been propped open to let in the breeze , and died from his injuries .  James Krainch was 22 months old when he died in Las Vegas .  A screen was not strong enough
Cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt hanged himself at his Miami home on Sunday .  The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt 's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging .  Comedian and former The View star , Joy Behar , tweeted on Monday : ` Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet
The pictures were taken during an airborne operation at the ` Salvador Pass '  The shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel -- the desert region which stretches across North Africa .  France began setting up a command base in northern Niger at the end of last year .
Tanguy Pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon , had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon .  But at a track meet in Eugene , Oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate .  He raised his hands in pre-emptive joy , with less than 100m to go .  Simon then sped towards the finish line , and beat him by
Four Seasons Private Jet was unveiled in a minute-long video .  It features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of Italian design Iacobucci .  The jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne .  Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip .  Chef Kerry Sear said :
Oliver Pareece Jones , 37 , was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26 am .  He then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga around 8.45 am .  After he left the store , he withdrew another $ 100 in cash .  Jones , who is
Donald Graham , 62 , killed Janet Brown , 45 , for her money .  He stole # 300,000 of her savings , her Land Rover and Porsche .  He tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family .  Graham , who dubbed himself Teflon Don , was jailed for life last year with minimum of 32 years .  He admitted murdering Ms
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao mega-fight has sold out within a minute of going on sale .  Tickets for the fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas were snapped up on Thursday .  One ticket priced at $ 128,705 -LRB- # 85,508 -RRB- appeared on the StubHub website .  Fight fans were able to purchase the tickets through mgmgrand . com and ticketmaster . com .  The Ticketmaster website
Two men and one woman broke into a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon .  One suspect stared directly into the surveillance camera and realized he 's being filmed .  He ducks and hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face .  Police believe the three burglars are between 17 to 20 years old .  They left in a
The FBI have recovered a gold bar worth up to $ 500,000 from a $ 5 million armored truck robbery in North Carolina last month .  The robbery occurred on March 1 in Wilson County , almost halfway into the truck 's journey from Miami to Boston .  Three armed men allegedly tied the guards ` hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric , an aspiring Jedi Knight , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry .  Desperate for a solution , Colin , who has autism , went directly to Star Wars director and writer George Lucas .  ` I do n't like that a Jedi cannot get married . I want to get married without becoming a Sith . Please
A ` blob ' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean .  Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico .  It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere .  And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts .  California is currently experiencing the driest spell since 1580 .  But droughts lasting
Dr Michael Davidson , 44 , was shot dead by Stephen Pasceri , 55 , at Boston 's Brigham and Women 's Hospital January 20 , leaving behind his wife , Dr . Terri Halperin , daughters Kate , 10 , Live , 8 , and their 2-year-old son , Graham .  Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4 , less than three months after the doctor 's slaying .
Three 's customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their UK price plans .  Three is the only operator to offer the arrangement , which it calls Feel At Home .  It covers 18 destinations in Europe , Australia , the U.S. . , Asia and the Middle East .  In Europe , the deal also covers France ,
Kevin Bollaert , 28 , was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court .  He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming .  More than 10,000 images , mainly of women , were posted between December 2012 and September 2013 .  People who sought to have the explicit images
David Letterman was attempting to warm up the studio audience on Monday .  He fielded the first query of the night from a college employee .  They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year 's graduates .  Letterman said : ` Treat a lady like a wh -- e , and a woman like a lady '  Veteran host offered advice to graduates to ` eat
Charlie Sumner ran topless on to the pitch during his first game at Madejski Stadium .  The 20-year-old was tackled by stewards at Reading Magistrates ` Court .  The incident occurred during the Royals ` FA Cup 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay win over Bradford City .  He is now facing a three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .  The order , due to be decided on April 30
Asif Malik , 31 , his partner Sara Kiran , 29 , and their four children reported missing .  They were last seen in Slough , Berkshire , on April 7 with their four young children .  They are believed to have boarded the Dover to Calais ferry just after midnight on April 8 .  Malik was a member of banned extremist group Al-Muhajiroun .  Radical preacher Anjem Choudary said
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre warned people to stand up against gun-control efforts .  ` There 's no telling how far President Obama will go to dismantle our freedoms and reshape America into an America that you and I will not even recognize , ' he said .  Clinton expected to announce launch of her bid for Democratic nomination on Sunday .  NRA 's head of lobbying arm , Chris Cox
Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth League final .  Izzy Brown scored two goals as the Blues beat Roma 4-0 .  Dominic Solanke and Izzy Brown both scored for the Blues .  Chelsea defeated Atletico Madrid and Roma in the final .  Substitute Ola Aina joined fans for a selfie after the final whistle .  Chelsea 's Under 19s won the competition for the first time
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out .  The two coaches worked together at Tottenham Hotspur .  QPR face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Tuesday night .  A win at Villa Park on Saturday means QPR can go above Villa with three points .  The reverse result would take Villa to the precipice of safety , leaving QPR with a fainter glimmer of hope .
Incident occurred in the busy Fisherman 's Wharf area of San Francisco .  Cyclist suffered punctured lung , broken ribs and a broken clavicle .  Driver , Emerson Decarvalho , 38 , stayed at the scene of the crash and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon .  He was also charged with failing to maintain a three-foot -LRB- one meter -RRB- space between his car and the cyclist
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona .  Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand .  Pique joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United .  Pique ranks Didier Drogba , Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as the best he has come up against .
Michael Slager , 33 , is being kept in isolation at Charleston County Jail .  His wife Jamie , who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant , and his mother Karen are allowed to speak to him on Friday .  He was charged with murder on Tuesday after shooting U.S. . Army veteran Walter Scott , 50 , over a broken tail light in North Charleston , South Carolina , on Saturday
Fraser Ross , who founded the fashion brand , is embroiled in a legal dispute .  His behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport -LRB- LAX -RRB- to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship .  Multi-millionaire , from Aberdeen , is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the LAX store .  Despite bearing Kitson
England hooker Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton .  Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs ` exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break .  Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill said it was a ` moment of madness '
Gary Caldwell has been appointed as Wigan Athletic 's new manager .  The 32-year-old is the Football League 's youngest manager .  Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager on Monday .  The Latics are languishing in the Championship relegation zone with just 19 points from a possible 72 .  Chairman David Sharpe is adamant the decision was the right call .  Caldwell inherited a team eight points adrift of
Peter Mutty was caught with two cartons of beer , a box of red wine and one box of white wine in his car on August 31 last year .  The 57-year-old was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes .  He shared the same cell with two murderers , a rapist and thieves .  Mutty , from Roseberry in Sydney 's inner-west , has spoken of his frustration
Stoke City have opened talks with Evian flyer Daniel Wass .  The Danish full back is available for around # 3.5 million .  Wass has been watched by Chelsea , Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year .  Stoke scouts have also been monitoring Sporting Lisbon pair Islam Slimani and Andre Carrillo .
Scotland Yard released images of three gem thieves in the middle of # 60million heist .  The Daily Mirror published the images in a bid to appeal for information .  The tabloid 's sister title The Sunday Mirror claims they are the key to ` cracking the case wide open '  This is in stark contrast with the response given to MailOnline hours before .  Police refused to say whether
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal in the Premier League .  Jose Mourinho 's side travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face Arsenal .  A win can take them 13 points clear at the top of the league .
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal 's side are four points ahead of the Premier League leaders .  Marouane Fellaini and Wayne Rooney scored for the Red Devils .  David De Gea -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- , Angel di Maria -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- and Marcos Aguero -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- also scored for United .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester
DelRea Good of Portage , Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff 's Department Patrolman William Marshall .  Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11 : 21 p . m .  Good says that when she was ordered to pull over , she put on her emergency
The English Bulldog named Hazel tries to get the better of a washing basket .  The dog falls onto its side , sending her sprawling onto the floor .  The dog then sits casually next to the basket as if nothing happened .  Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos uploaded to both Youtube and Instagram .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's puppet likenesses have been commissioned .  They will be joined by Prince Harry and Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry .  The new series , Newzoids , has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image .  Sketches set to feature in the opening show include David Cameron slug it out with Nick Clegg on a puppet version of The Jeremy Kyle Show .  Ed
Robin Thomas , of Jonesboro , Arkansas , posted a ` girlfriend wanted ' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating .  The father-of-three said that he 's looking for a woman who is ` normal and down-to-earth ' and closer to his own age , hoping for ` at least 28 '
Wiley Bridgeman , 60 , and Kwame Ajamu , 57 , were awarded a collective $ 1.6 million in compensation from an Ohio court on Friday .  The brothers spent decades in prison for wrongful murder convictions in the 1975 slaying of money order salesman Harry Franks .  Last year , the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution 's key witness recanted
Lotatoa ` Lota ' Ward , from Layton , Utah , was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014 .  The eight-year-old underwent two initial brain surgeries to drain spinal fluid and to remove some of the tumor .  The tumor was not untreatable , but Lota was going to be in for a fight .  After every surgery , he would be up and walking
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch .  It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off , but that plan has now been ` indefinitely abandoned '  A video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a ` rather significant rate '  The dizzying footage , which was taken from the Progress 59 spacecraft , shows the Earth
Charlie Hemphrey has finally secured a professional cricket contract .  The 25-year-old has been striving for over the past decade .  He has had an extraordinary journey from a second XI debut for Kent at 15 to his recent status as the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978 .  When he emigrated to Brisbane 18 months ago , he admits his
Volcano Calbuco , in southern Chile , suddenly erupted at 6pm local time , forcing 1,500 residents to flee their homes .  Authorities set up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around the volcano , barring access to the area .  The volcano is believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile 's 90 active volcanoes , but was not under observation before it erupted today .  The eruption sent
Margaret Hesketh was put on discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment .  Family claim she was then put on fluid and nutrition drips removed .  Post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six .  Daughter Karen Masters , 45 , said : ` I want a criminal investigation . I want somebody to tell me why a 70-year-old died in this way '
The winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m in our currency .  Ian Poulter shot a second straight 67 for a share of sixth .  Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy were paired together for the final round at Augusta National .  Phil Mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on day four in an unusual bid to try and improve his performance .  Danny
Paul Monk , 54 , from Essex , was wanted by Spanish police for questioning .  He was wanted over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan , 25 .  The badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year .  Monk was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences .  He was named on a list of fugitives published as part of
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland , Ohio , on Sunday .  Another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger .  Bullet struck the baby boy in the face , and he was rushed to hospital .  Investigators are now trying to determine where the gun came from .  It is unclear whether the child was related to the older boy .  Cousin Trashawn
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world .  The Northern Irishman is aiming to complete a career grand slam by winning the 2015 Masters .  The World No 1 heads to Augusta , Georgia , on April 9 to complete the tournament .  Mc Ilroy 's grueling training regime has been well documented .  The
Jordan Sim-Mutch , 24 , posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook .  He was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries .  He claimed he worked in ` midnight removals ' in his online profile .  He was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court .  The career criminal , from Stockport , Greater Manchester ,
MV Azores was set to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night with 489 passengers .  But lawyers slapped court order on ship over ` unresolved ' and ` historic ' financial wrangle .  Harbour master then refused to let ship leave for Bristol .  Ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages .  But legal dispute was between owners Portuscale Cruise-from which they were chartering the vessel-and one
Chelsea supporters invited to take part in a protest photo at Stamford Bridge .  The protest will take place at 3pm on Saturday ahead of Manchester United game .  The photo has been organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar .  More than 1,400 deaths of construction workers have been reported in Qatar .  The decision to award the World Cup to Qatar has been controversial .
Michelle Carter , 18 , was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend , Conrad Roy III , who gassed himself in his truck in Fairhaven , Massachusetts , last July .  Her lawyers are trying to have her case moved out of Bristol County , saying it 's ` impossible ' for her to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is
Terry Cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his Jack Russell Sam .  The huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs .  Mr Cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had n't been there .
Aussies Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have joined up in a new film production company called The Doll House .  They want to bring a female body to the film-making industry .  The quintet will collaborate on films , share ideas and creative advice , and even provide financial support to each other 's projects .  Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg , Arianna Huffington and Marissa Mayer are powerful women in
Graziano Pelle scored his first Premier League goal for Southampton against Hull City at St Mary 's .  The Italian striker was sent off in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce .  Steve Bruce 's side were held to a 1-1 draw by Hull City in the Premier League .  Pelle sealed the victory in the 81st minute , scoring his first league goal since December 20
More than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted .  There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7 , with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority .  Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now , based on current polls and how ` safe ' they were in 2010 .  70 per cent
Tom Moffatt , 27 , was meant to ink son Riley 's name into his left arm .  But instead of letter ` L ' , he started needling ` P ' and had to ` scribble ' over mistake .  Also attempted to mark Riley with nickname ` Sonny Boy ' - but ended up scratching ` Sony Boy ' instead .  NHS worker , from Tameside , Greater
Bobby Burnett beat Samantha Chudley and banned her from wearing revealing clothes .  The 30-year-old forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them , Exeter Crown Court heard .  His violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages .  One of which happened days after he punched her in the stomach when she
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma , Washington , looked at military records of 3.9 million military personnel who served after 9 / 11 and found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates .  Service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation .  The four-year study , the largest of
Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park on Saturday .  Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring for the Toffees on his return to the first team .  The Belgian international was sent off on the stroke of half-time for a ` criminal challenge ' on Nemanja Matic at Stamford Bridge in February .  Everton midfielder Ross Barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead
Recorder Philip Cattan , 65 , fell asleep during rape trial of John Quingley .  Judge was confronted with claim he had slept through part of cross-examination .  Jury was out of the room , Cattan was accused of sleeping .  Incident was witnessed by the family of the victim at Manchester Crown Court .  Retrial had to be ordered and child had to give evidence for second time .
Bristol City are on the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One .  Steve Cotterill 's side have already won silverware this season in the shape of a Johnstone 's Paint Trophy win last month .  Steve Lansdown is a rare breed in English football , unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else .  Dean Windass 's winner for
Town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 parking meters in the UK .  Motorists without old-style coins must use # 1 and two 20p pieces for a typical # 1.25 hour 's parking .  Council also charges # 1.85 for an hour and a half and # 3.10 for two hours and 30 minutes .  This means that drivers without the right coins must overpay for them
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements .  In the study , 11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours , before a 90-minute endurance workout .  They were then given meals of either fast food or supplements .  Two hours after the second meal , all participants were then ask
Afrikaner Resistance Movement -LRB- AWB -RRB- is training thousands of youths .  They are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons .  Then subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared .  Filmmakers followed their story for a controversial documentary .
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League .  Paul Scholes does not believe there is a British manager in the Premier League who can guide a team into the latter stages of the competition .  Scholes believes Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United to the final stages of Europe 's premier club competition if he is given the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal
Manchester United host rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday .  It is the first time since November 23,2013 that the Red Devils are ahead of City .  Louis van Gaal 's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins .
Stephanie Scott 's father Robert has opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder .  The school teacher went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in bushland the following Friday .  A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley 's wedding at the picturesque Eat
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton , Greater Manchester .  Father-of-three had struggled with post-traumatic stress disorder after tours .  He had served in the First Gulf War , Bosnia , Angola and Northern Ireland .  He was diagnosed with PTSD , depression and Fibromyalgia , an inquest heard .
Hyperion is 255 by 161 miles -LRB- 410 by 260km -RRB- and is one of Saturn 's outer moons .  The moon 's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite .  Because of these properties the entire moon is porous , like a sponge , with well-preserved craters packed together across its surface .  Scientists
A 4WD containing four children and an adult crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale , in Melbourne 's outer west , just before 4pm .  Police believe that all children are under the age of six .  One child who died in hospital was aged seven .  The fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the Royal Children 's Hospital and remains in a serious condition .  Victoria
Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd .  They believed it was engaged in illegal fishing off the west coast of Africa .  The Thunder had been fishing in waters between Sao Tome and Principe .  It sank in perfect conditions , leading to suspicions that it had been scuttled .  The crew of 40 men managed to escape into life rafts before the vessel
Harry Kane scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 .  The 21-year-old has also scored on his first start for the national team .  Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley in their Premier League clash on Sunday .  Mauricio Pochettino 's side were held to a goalless draw at Turf Moor .  Kyle Ings limped off with a sprain but said it was ` not a
Duchess of Cambridge , 33 , wore # 35 ASOS polka-dot dress to visit foster carers .  Favourites include Seraphine , Séraphine and L . K Bennett .  The Duchess is also a fan of a small Anglo-French label called Séphine .  The brand has grown from a small shop in 2002 to the A-list favourite it is today .  Wore a # 195 coat in January and a #
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in stealing cash and belongings .  plain-clothes officers have seen a 50 % reduction in thefts over the last year .
The average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin .  More than 1,000 dust mites live in just one metre square of carpet and they produce approximately 2000 droppings in their lifetime .  The odd-shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms .  An average
Kristin Holmes , 26 , allegedly posted photo of herself pointing a gun on Facebook .  She captioned photo : ` I 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know difference '  She then ` exchanged words ' with other users on the site , it is reported .  After a user reported the picture to Henrico Police , Holmes was arrested .  She has since been
Ian Gibson , 55 , was a lauded U.S. . safari enthusiast who would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa .  On Wednesday , he was approached by a young bull elephant in Zimbabwe 's Zambezi Valley .  The animal charged , and Gibson was able to get off one shot before the animal killed him .  Twitter users have been widely unsympathetic to
Around 1.3 billion Chinese people marked the Qingming Festival , a three-day holiday in China , by watching parades and travelling home .  Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones , burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink .  In Shaanxi Province , a huge outdoor celebration was held in honour of the ` Yellow Emperor '
Ethan Czahor has launched ` Clear ' which removes embarrassing messages .  Users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words .  The program deletes any tweet that mentions them .  In February , he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Jeb Bush .  He was fired for making sexist and homophobic remarks on Twitter .  He
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle -LRB- HPV -RRB- .  It will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September .  It will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan .  It will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour -LRB- 34.42 km / h -RRB- over a 656ft -LRB- 200-metre -RRB- stretch of tarmac .  The current benchmark is
Kiradech Aphibarnrat shot six birdies in the space of nine holes to take the lead at the Shenzhen International in China .  The Thaiman is one shot behind American Peter Uihlein and Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal .  The 25-year-old has one European Tour win to date when he won the Malaysian Open in 2013 .  Double Masters champion Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Clint Hill scored his first Barclays Premier League goal in Tuesday 's 3-3 draw at Aston Villa .  Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep Villa above water in the relegation struggle .  Hill reckons the pressure is on QPR 's relegation rivals .  Chris Ramsey 's side are two points adrift of safety in the Premier League .  The defender believes other teams will be worried about them .
Geoff Haigh , 61 , wanted to marry long-term partner Heather , 54 , in November last year .  The landlord was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer .  Couple 's special day in Manchester was full of blunders and guests were forced to listen to song 10 times in a row due to a blunder .  Their wedding certificate was recorded with the wrong date on , rendering it invalid
In 1995 , there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons .  That number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013 , according to the international migrant stock trends data .  Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants , with more than 7.8 million reside in the UK .
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car .  Days later , her vision was blurred-she could barely see with her right eye .  A scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula , a part of the retina responsible for around 90 per cent of a person 's vision .  She was prescribed eye drops , but suffered an allergic
Aden Gould , 21 , went into Sainsbury 's in Stoke-on-Trent and opened two boxes of # 25 speakers .  He tested the gadgets to see if they worked with his mobile phone .  He put the equipment back on display but was apprehended by security .  Staff took him into the manager 's office and forced him to empty his bag .  He was banned from all 1,200 stores
Simon Mitchell , 44 , stole the equipment from charity Donna 's Dream House .  He was meant to raise profile of charity by raising profile following arson attack in 2011 .  Mitchell , from Blackpool , Lancashire , pleaded guilty to two counts of theft .  He was due to stand trial at Preston Crown Court after a three-year investigation .  The volunteer worker claimed to have celebrity contacts
Dr Lara Briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the Uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines .  Most ` normal ' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory .  But more severe symptoms such as nausea , back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all
The University of Sydney has been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot 's College to ` buy ' their entry into the university .  The program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , Sydney Learning .  Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses , including bachelor degrees in health sciences , liberal arts and science
Video appears to show at least 30 Christians being beheaded and shot by ISIS .  Militants hold two groups captive , thought to be mainly migrant workers .  At least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are shot .  This follows another video in February of the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic Christians .  It raises fears that ISIS is
The restored steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today , hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby .  Train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines from the golden age of steam and pistons .  The Spring Steam Gala will continue tomorrow and Sunday and includes model railway layout displays at Pickering Station .
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth .  The object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core .  The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon .  It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from .  Earth 's crust and mantle appear to have a higher ratio of rare-earth elements samarium and neodymium than most meteorites .  Earth was
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company 's payment proposal on Monday .  The fast food chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via Skype .  BK will be providing personalized gift bags , Mason Jars and Burger King crowns .  The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together , in New Berlin , Illinois .
Planes coming from South-East Asian countries are being fumigated before luggage is removed .  Exotic mosquito Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland .  The mozzie is known to carry crippling diseases like dengue , chikunguya and yellow fever .  The blood suckers were discovered in the international terminal baggage on February 17 , March 30 and again on March 31 .  Authorities said
The 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from Broadway play ` Fish in the Dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday .  Katie Couric wrote : ` Sending the wonderful Rita Wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health '  Christina Applegate , who underwent a double mastectomy in 2008 ,
Last month , Nasa captured a 17 miles -LRB- 27km -RRB- long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica 's Getz Ice Shelf .  B-34 is the 34th iceberg from the ` B ' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the U.S. . National Ice Center .  Glaciers in the Amundsen Sea of west Antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest
Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret enjoyed a night out to celebrate the end of WWII .  The Queen was said to remember the night with ` great happiness '  In real life , Princess Elizabeth was wearing her Auxiliary Territorial Service uniform .  The Hon Margaret Rhodes , 89 , first cousin to the Queen and her best friend .  ` It was a Cinderella moment in reverse , ' says
Genti Rustemi , 45 , attacked John Doyle , 79 , as he helped children cross road .  Pensioner was ushering two 12-year-old girls across road in Timperley , Manchester .  Mr Doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the BMW as it hurtled past .  He then returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked Mr Doyle .  Ruskemi punched Mr Doyle
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks .  They were on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire .  But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt .  The Duke and Duchess of Rothesay are known as the Prince of Wales .  They often visit businesses in the area as it is close to Queen 's
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was ` a fun thing '  Hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the race .  The Brit driver said he was ` just told by my employer to stand on the podium , and that 's what I did '  Pictures that followed showed the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate
The 32-year-old dictator was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang .  Footage shows the dictator waving and smiling , with his right wrist in bandages .  It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the dictator .
A year ago , Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920 .  Darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season , but there could be tears of joy this time around .  The battle for the Conference title is between second-placed Rovers , who play Alfreton , and Barnet , who hold a one-point lead and a vastly better goal
Named Cats and People , the cafe is based in Moscow .  It invites cat lovers to bring their pets when they go for a cup of tea .  Customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements .  All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter .  The fixtures and fittings are catered to the cats and
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge .  Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game .  Louis van Gaal 's side are now 11 points clear of the Red Devils .  Wayne Rooney was happy with his side 's performance .
Paul Hellyer , who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs .  ` Much of the media wo n't touch -LSB- the documents -RSB- ' , he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary .  Hellyer first went public with his belief in aliens
Kayonna Cole posed with her pet rose hair spider and allowed it to bite her hand .  The exotic pet owner filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles .  She remains calm throughout the video , but later suffered a reaction to the spider 's venom .  The particular type of tarantula has low toxicity venom similar to that of a bee sting .
The brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in Totnes , Devon .  It was a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community .  But experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer 's .  Councillors told Proud2Be group , which has launched the campaign , to go away and seek further medical advice from experts .  The
Clare Balding said she and Alice Arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 .  This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House , West London .  Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the UK .
John Travolta has spoken out about the controversial Scientology documentary Going Clear : Scientology , Hollywood & the Prison of Belief .  The doc said he never intends to watch the documentary .  He said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film .  ` Why would I communicate something that was
Feidin Santana , 23 , visited the family 's Charleston , South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives-in a moving moment witnessed by NBC .  He has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott , 50 , on Saturday .  ` God put me there
Eating out is associated with higher calorie , saturated fat and salt intake -- all causes of high blood pressure .  Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore surveyed 501 university students , aged 18 to 40 , in Singapore .  Figures on blood pressure , body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- and lifestyle , including meals eaten away from home and physical activity levels , were collected .  Researchers found
Inverness defender Josh Meekings clearly used his hand to stop the ball in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic .  The referee had a clear view of it but could n't see the actual contact because of the two players ` bodies , ' said PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart .  The Scottish players ` union has become too far reaching .  The independent appeal panel lifted a one-game
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet ` despicable ' tweets .  McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day and accused the Australian diggers of committing war crimes .  The comments were met with disgust by Twitter users who began the hashtag # sackScottMcIntyre .  ` The ANZACS died defending what this idiot is abusing-free speech , ' said a social media user .
Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary .  Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana , Arizona , with a rifle .  Officer Michael Rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward Valencia .  Seconds later ,
Linda Thompson , now 64 , met Bruce Jenner at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife , Chrystie Crownover , the mother of his two eldest children .  They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son , Brandon .  A few years later they welcomed a second son together , Brody .  When Brody was
We ` re now being sold a raft of infused and health-boosting H20s .  Sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat .  Artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron , potassium , vitamin C and magnesium .  Flavoured with spearmint and apple , the 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit .  Nutritional Therapist Lorna Driver-Davies explains the
Mike Coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement last September .  Former business partner of Sainsbury 's accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques .  Now a court has sentenced him to two years in Egyptian jail for the crime .  He is believed to have travelled to the Middle Eastern country last Sunday to appeal the conviction .  It relates to a joint venture with local supermarket
Lizzie Cochran , a pre-med student at Columbia University , has launched a KickStarter campaign to fund her new athletic apparel and accessories line .  Epidemia Designs will offer phone cases with eye catching patterns from microscopic images including that of heart tissue , chicken pox and polio .  The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies , a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting
The three-metre oarfish was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour , in Dunedin on Thursday .  Department of Conservation service manager David Agnew said he had never seen anything like it .  The bizaree creature , known to swim vertically and self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see Otago Museum for testing .  The fish , which can grow to eleven metres
The film was filmed on board the Epping Ongar railway in south-west Essex .  In the opening scene a woman , dressed as a school girl , has sex with a man .  The location had been rented out to American Adult film company Brazzers .  Parents said they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway .  Epping Ognar Railway has apologised for allowing the railway
Camellias are easy to grow , but picky about soil .  If yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive in alkaline or neutral ground .  If your soil does n't suit , plant in containers in ericaceous compost .  Potted camellias wo n't last as long as those in the ground .  They tend to lose their youthful charm after five or six years , but
Caron Wyn Jones , father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones , underwent a hip operation .  He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough .  Mr Jones snr . , 76 , said his son , who has boasted of how he has ` kept the private sector out of the -LRB- Welsh -RRB- NHS ' , opposed his decision .  He said :
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield , Birmingham , shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing .  When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers .  A murder investigation has been launched and police were alerted to the fact that Mr Mbye had been dropped off outside Queen Elizabeth Hospital in a white Audi
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR .  The 19-year-old saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010-in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final .  Villa face Liverpool at Wembley on April 19 .
Joyce Cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in September 1939 .  Her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught .  Terry Phillips , 71 , who is Joyce 's cousin , has accused Met Police of a ` cover-up '  Officers want to track down a ` man with a slouch ' in connection with her murder
A Brazilian website is claiming to have the new Chelsea kit for sale .  It can be purchased with Gareth Bale 's name on the back of the kit .  The website has the new sponsor on the front but not the Adidas emblem .  Skeptical Chelsea supporters may also want to avoid getting one with a mention of Didier Drogba .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news
The show was captured by Nasa 's Landsat 7 satellite in the Erg Chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria .  It shows ` ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes .  They are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles -LRB- 160km -RRB- .  But the exact cause of these structures is not known .
Mike Brown was knocked out in a collision with Italy 's Andrea Masi .  The Harlequins full back has n't played since March 21 .  Brown is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai .  Conor O ` Shea says it 's a concern for the game that we ' re seeing collisions of the nature that we are ? Yes , it has to be `  Northampton
Pep Guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for Jorge ` El Topo ' Lopez .  Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July .  Bayern Munich manager was sporting the top during his pre-match press conference .  The message appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopez 's death .  UEFA say the Spanish manager has been disciplined because of an ` incident of
Christy Mack , 23 , claims MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one-year relationship .  They met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to care for her .  He allegedly beat her and used a kitchen knife to saw off her mohawk , she told police .  Mack was left with 18 broken bones , a ruptured
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding .  Mr Fraser performed a song at Eagle Bay , south of Perth .  ` You ' re legally binded by the wedding trap , ` Mr Fraser sang .  The crowd erupt into a standing ovation at the end of the performance .  ` Are the bins out ? Have the dishes been done ?
Shaun Andrew McKerry burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores , County Durham .  31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant .  But he did not see shopkeeper Sab Dhillon 's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor .  He was jumped on by his wife Sam , who hit him with a baseball bat .  He was dubbed Boomerang Boy or Homing Pigeon Boy
Scientists in China have introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells .  CRISPR technique can search through DNA and replace specific genes or remove them .  It could then be used to create embryos that have had heritable diseases removed .  The research could be used as a way to ` select ' the genes they will pass on to grandchildren .  However , others argue that the technology could also
Louise Shepherd , 31 , was hiking through the Madidi national park in Bolivia .  She had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world .  Her sister Hannah and friend Rose Jones , both 30 , were killed at the same time .  Friends and family of the popular graduate have paid tribute to her today .  One said : `
Daisy Lowe , 26 , models leather and heavy eye make-up in new shoot .  Was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ` British edge '  FEMAIL caught up with the supermodel to discover her style and beauty secrets .  Says top tip is using concealer around her nose to even the skin tone .  The IT girl was spotted at the Soho Desert House Coachella party
The vegetarian meatball will go global in April and have 50pc less carbon dioxide than a normal meatball .  Firm has spent two years developing the veggieball , the first innovation to its meatball since it started selling food to encourage shoppers to stay inside its stores back in 1959 .  The vegetable-based snack is more environmentally friendly than the meat version , because cows and pigs are responsible for
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday night .  The pair had to be separated during the traditional staredown .  The pair were pulled apart after getting too close during the weigh-in .  The 21-year-old has been hyped as the UFC 's next big thing .  She made her UFC debut against Kailin Curran last November .  But after being under 21 at the time ,
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey 's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an Oxford University side at The Parks on Sunday .  The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after last year 's Ashes whitewash .  He has backed former England captain Michael Vaughan to lead England Cricket .
Tony Orrell , 56 , from Feltham , Middlesex , was too obese to work to work .  He would order Indian or Chinese takeaways most nights of the week .  He would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up .  The bank manager would spend his pocket money on pick and mix .  Tony and his wife Debbie ,
Artist Catalina Viejo , 31 , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots .  In total she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp .  The bite-sized series is aptly titled ` A View of the End '  It is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn , New York .  In keeping with this approach , she named each work
Rotherham will find out if they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player .  Derby defender Farrend Rawson played in the 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday .  The Millers have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate .  Steve Evans says he does not know the strength of his side 's defence .  Rotherham drew 1-1 with Fulham on Wednesday night , leaving
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire .  The batsman will keep him at the club until the end of the 2017 season .  Bell has gone on to play 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals .
Jade Wimsey , 24 , would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop .  Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb .  Her weight made her the victim of cruel jibes by male customers at the bar she worked at .  She was even humiliated for her size by bullies on Facebook .  In September 2013 , she joined
It 's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade , but what everyone in the region wants to know is why no warning was given that it was going to be this bad .  Severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday , but they did not know exactly where .  The storm was forecast to form between Port Macquarie and Newcastle-that
Kingsley Burrell , 29 , was taken into custody after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of Birmingham .  When CCTV showed that nobody had approached him , he was sectioned under the Mental Health Act .  He died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham .  Victim 's sister said : ` He could n't
Lidos are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration .  Many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather or organising late night swimming slots for busy workers .  Tinside Lido , Plymouth , has been voted one of Europe 's top 10 swimming pools .  Stonehaven Open Air Pool in Aberdeen holds midnight swimming sessions during which music is played .
Police say Clarence Taylor , 44 , faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron , Ohio .  On November 1 , Taylor 's 45-year-old girlfriend called police , saying he had been missing for several days .  A warrant was issued for his arrest last month but Taylor remains at large .
Homaro Cantu , 38 , was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery , the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of Chicago .  Cantu rose from homelessness to own one of Chicago 's best-known restaurants , Moto , in 2003 .  A month before his death , Cantu was hit with a lawsuit from a former investor in Moto and failed restaurant
Gloucester beat Exeter to reach the Challenge Cup final at Kingsholm .  Bill Meakes , Tom Savage and Sione Kalamafoni scored for the Cherry and Whites .  Gloucester will face Edinburgh in the final at Twickenham Stoop on Saturday .  Victory in the capital would also earn them a home play-off spot for next season 's Champions Cup .
England are in danger of losing their fourth Champions League spot .  There were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League this season .  None of our clubs have reached the last eight in the Europa League either .  Germany is guaranteed to move ahead of England at the end of the season .  Italy and Germany will lose a significantly smaller number of points -LRB- 11.571
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a ` top , top quality striker ' to win the Premier League .  Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday .  Giroud scored 14 Premier League goals for Arsene Wenger 's side this season .  Henry questioned whether the Gunners can win the title with Giroud in attack .
Jane Bacon , 51 , booked ` final trip ' to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter , 52 .  She was told she could die within months from breast cancer .  She bought # 1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed 18-week chemotherapy .  Mrs Bacon , from East Grinstead , West Sussex , said she had to pay # 176 to change flights .  EasyJet has since apologised
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the second round .  The top seed made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence .  Rafael Nadal 's first match of this year 's tournament will be a clash with Nicolas Almagro .  Fernando Verdasco crashed out of the competition against Andrey Rublev .
Reanne Evans saw her 10-year reign as women 's world snooker champion come to a shock end .  The 29-year-old lost to Ken Doherty in the first round of qualifying for the Crucible-staged Betfred World Championship .  Evans relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title to Hong Kong 's Ng On Yee .  Yee went on to defeat England 's Emma Bonney 6-2 in the final .
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history .  The Chelsea boss has shut out his opponents in 53.4 per cent of games .  Rafa Benitez is second with 0.82 goals per Premier League game .  Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti also have impressive records .  Arsene Wenger has kept 277 clean sheets and conceded 672 goals .
Christians across American observed Good Friday , which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ .  ` Way of the Cross ' walks took place in Ohio , Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge , among others .  Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis ` Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome .  The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians
Sunderland host Newcastle at St James ` Park on Sunday afternoon .  The Magpies are the country 's most out-of-form side .  Dick Advocaat 's side have won just four times all season .  Carver is fighting to secure his future as Newcastle manager beyond the end of the season .  The outcome of this game will shape his future .  Sunderland have won six of their last six Premier
Lewis Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg .  Sebastian Vettel 's Ferrari will start second with Felipe Massa in third .  Valtteri Bottas was fourth on the grid ahead of Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button .  The Briton will start alongside team-mates Vettels and Massa .  The Brit is bidding to become the first British driver to win a grand prix .
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve .  It is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2 ft -LRB- 2.8 metres -RRB- long .  It 's expected to fetch $ 1.8 million -LRB- # 1.2 million -RRB- at auction .  The fossilised item is said to be the world 's largest intact dinosaur skull .  The skull was first found in
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head .  The former US Open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play .  He moved ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt , who had three-shot lead evaporated with a 69 on Sunday , when play was started early because of fears over the weather .  Furyk
Bayern Munich beat Porto 2-1 in their Champions League quarter-final clash .  Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored for the hosts .  Pep Guardiola blames his side 's injury problems for the defeat .  Bayern Munich take a two-goal lead in the second leg on Tuesday .  Julen Lopetegui says reaching the Champions League semi-final would be a dream come true .  Quarema and Neuer both scored in the first
Incident happened on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley in Gloucestershire .  Driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry .  Police say they are considering pursuing the driver for a driving offence .
Oscar has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks .  Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure .  Brazil coach Carlos Dunga said the midfielder reminds him of Roberto Baggio .  The 23-year-old has struggled to make an impact for Chelsea this season .
Sarah , 36 , and Mark Brennan , 35 , from south Wales , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally .  Last September they defied doctors to have Eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz .  Sarah , a project manager , said : ` After so many miscarriages , we could not help but
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion Ponzi style fraud .  New book claims he had put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli to sleep with him .  He is said to have met the model at a Christmas party in 1997 at the Montauk Yacht Club with
Medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital last Friday .  West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action after delays in treatment .  Worcestershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were ` less than ideal '  NHS England said 92.5 per cent of patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission , transfer or discharge in the week ending April 12 .  This was
Ella Dawson , a recent graduate of Wesleyan University , was diagnosed with herpes two years ago .  According to the CDC about 17 per cent of people ages 14-19 have genital herpes caused by HSV2 .  Even having sex with a condom does not protect someone from the highly contagious virus that only needs skin to skin contact to spread , even if there are no sores present .
Dion Dublin made his Home Under The Hammer debut on Monday morning .  The former Aston Villa frontman co-hosted the property renovation series .  He looked to help a brother and sister-in-law renovate a house in Dartford .  The three bedroom semi-detached house was bought at auction for # 215,000 .  The 45-year-old has a long-held interest in the property market from his football career .  He received plenty of
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Ecuador forward Enner Valencia is available for the Hammers .  Defender James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery .  Stoke defender Marc Wilson is available despite a broken hand .  Jon Walters has also been training and is also in contention .  West Ham are winless in three against the Potters , losing two and drawing
The Randolph Hotel in Oxford went up in flames this afternoon , with smoke billowing from the roof .  Five-star hotel , run by Macdonald chain , includes the Morse Bar , named after being used as a setting for many scenes of Inspector Morse .  The fire 's cause is not known and the extent of the damage to the Grade II listed building remains unclear .  A total
Alison , 43 , from Gloucestershire , had breast augmentation operation six years ago .  She was left with one shrivelled , deformed breast and one enlarged by surgery .  Had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage .  Has now had a 13th operation as part of TLC 's Extreme Beauty Disasters .  Surgeon Vik Vijh said he was shocked
Intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel , Essex , flooded kitchen , dumped TV in bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs .  Stole jewellery including wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet .  They even stopped for some toast-leaving bread and butter on the sideboard .  Victim said : ` Our home has been ransacked without a second thought '
A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning .  The 22-year-old said he had a conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30 am .  A male in DMX 's Entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded the victim 's money , according to police spokesman Sgt . Ronald Glover .  DMX was scheduled to
Raghunandan Yandamuri , 29 , of King of Prussia , Pennsylvania , is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says that he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers .  He was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna , 61 , and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi , 10 months .  The Indian national was a technology professional outside of
Garry Monk 's side are currently in eighth place in the Premier League .  Swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12 .  The Swans are seeking a double over relegation-troubled Hull after winning 1-0 at the KC Stadium just before Christmas .
Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable .  The reports were made by Alistair Barr in the Wall Street Journal .  Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 .  Experts at AllCell Technologies have developed batteries that function at subfreezing temperatures .  This is vital for Google 's Project Loon balloons designed to float near the
A reporter with the liberal news outlet Vox tweeted a photo of Hillary Clinton toting her own luggage on Thursday in Omaha .  Clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in Council Bluffs , Iowa .  That 's just a few miles away , and home to a cafe where she held a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party insiders who were told to surrender their cell phones and
Prime Minister will give millions of workers three days paid leave a year to do volunteer work .  He will get paid in addition to their 28 days of paid holiday .  The Big Society good deeds scheme will only affect firms with 250 or more staff .  It will apply to workers at firms with at least 250 staff-an estimated 10 million in private sector and five million in
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds .  Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to # 2.3 billion .  Chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank 's decision to pay out # 1.86 billion in bonuses , including packages of more than # 1million to 359 employees .  Group chief executive Antony Jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi was on a train when he exposed himself .  41-year-old was head of politics at St George 's School in Ascot .  He pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a female passenger .  He was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates ` Court .  He has now been banned from teaching for at least five years by National Council of Teaching and Leadership .
Belle Gibson , 23 , was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer yesterday .  She told the Australian Women 's Weekly , ` none of it 's true '  Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says she could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder .  ` A lack of remorse definitely fits in . It 's like-you do what you need to do to get what you
The man was spotted urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire .  A member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone .  Field owner TH Clements & Son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .  Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an ` extensive assessment and review process ' before they reach supermarket shelves .
Britain has overtaken France to become the second biggest economy in Europe .  The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014-the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations .  It is seven times higher than France 's 0.4 per cent , according to the IMF .  The UK is expected to cement its position as one of the fastest growing major economies in the West .
Six-strong gang broke into safety deposit centre in Hatton Garden last week .  Used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables .  One raider has been dubbed Mr Ginger after the colour of his hair .  Another is seen carrying steel supports that may have been used for diamond-tipped drill .  Two other raiders have been nicknamed The Gent and Mr Montana .  Footage reveals
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
John Allan said David Cameron 's promise of in-out referendum means the cart is ` very firmly before the horse '  He said large firms could move their head offices ` relatively painlessly '  Tory election manifesto promises a referendum by 2017 , but only after reform .  Mr Allan said a better approach would have been to lobby for reforms first .  He said he did not think it
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that ` Bobbi is awake . She 's watching me '  The singer did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit .  Whitney Houston 's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when
Jack Wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season with ankle surgery .  The Arsenal midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness .  The 23-year-old called on his social media followers to help him lift out the contents of his shopping trolley on Monday .
Mr Miliband said it was unacceptable to abandon immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa in the hope of making it to Europe .  He also called on the UK to take a ` fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war .  Comes amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families risking their lives to escape the raging civil wars in the Middle East and North Africa .  Around
Ellanora Baidoo 's husband Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message .  The woman 's lawyer says the ruling was made by Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Matthew Cooper .
Former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane 's east of more than 20 years .  The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling .  The house has a history of encouraging bargains , as the Rudd 's paid $ 116,000 less than Irene and Nicholas
Christopher Furniss-Roe was found in his bedroom by his father 15 minutes after row .  Father Jason desperately tried to save his son 's life but he died the next day in hospital .  Coroner ruled it was a ` tragic accident ' saying he was probably looking for ` sympathy and forgiveness '
Jaime Singleton launched the campaign after she saw Nadia tied up outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year .  The baby elephant is a ` mascot ' for the resort and is forced to do tricks for guests .  She said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area that the resorts do n't own the endangered animals themselves .  The
Patrick James Fredricksen , 30 , was stopped on his way to one child 's home .  He had already used the bus 's on-board list of children 's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl , police say .  He is on Utah 's Sex Offender Registry after pleading guilty in 2004 to unlawful sexual activity with a minor .  He is also expected to face
Huddersfield secured their status in the Sky Bet Championship with three games remaining .  The Seagulls are now without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours and 20 minutes .  Demarai Gray scored twice as Birmingham City drew 2-2 with Blackburn Rovers .  Adam Le Fondre 's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton .
Terry Richardson , 49 , has been accused by Kate Upton of releasing footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called ` Cat Daddy '  The one-minute-long video , which played a huge part in Kate 's rise to fame , was uploaded to YouTube two years ago .  In a new interview with Vogue in June 2014 , it was claimed that she was not happy
Jessica Ennis-Hill , Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will take part in the Sainsbury 's Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium .  All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon , 10,000 metres and long jump respectively .  They return to the stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world 's finest athletes .  Tickets are now on sale to
Bruce Jenner , 65 , won Olympic gold in the men 's decathlon in 1976 .  Since then , he has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures , from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam 's apple .  In the mid-1980s , he started hormone therapy and was undergoing electrolysis to rid himself of his ` repulsive ' facial hair .  In 1984 , he got what his
Michael Shepard , 35 , has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years .  He served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys , age six and nine , at a roller rink in 1998 .  As his term in prison neared its end , authorities filed petitions to keep him locked up under the Jimmy Ryce Act , a Florida law that allows sex offenders to
Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto in Mesquite , Texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles early Sunday .  Valles was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel of the car .  Valles ` clothes had begun to burn as the officers pulled him from the wreckage .  By Monday , it remained unclear why Valles veered off of I-30 before crashing into a pillar , nearly
Edmund Echukwu , 35 , died in swimming pool at # 3million mansion in Radlett , Hertfordshire .  He was in the water with a woman when he started getting into difficulties .  Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at hospital .  Neighbour Margaret Brown , 67 , said : ` He was such a sweet guy . He was a good-looking guy '  Mr
The Gaver family were camping outside a Walmart parking lot in Cottonwood , Arizona , on March 21 .  One member of the band , now identified as Enoch Gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight .  Suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody .  Footage was taken from a patrol car dashcam and shows them brawling with cops .  One of the
Mysterious white lights have been spotted hovering perilously close to Calbuco volcano in southern Chile on Wednesday .  A pair of strange glowing white lights were filmed floating close to the eruption 's plume of ash and smoke .  The images have since gone viral with internet user suggesting the lights were either police helicopters , an optical illusion or an alien craft .  Volcano Calboco , which has laid
Emma Watson , 25 , has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of .  She has starred in 17 feature films , two fashion campaigns and a UN Ambassador .  Emma was just 11 when she filmed Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone .  She was catapulted to fame after starring alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint .  The actress earned kudos for her
Joel Burger , 24 , proposed to Ashley King , 23 .  Pair from New Berlin , Illinois , have known each other since kindergarten .  They plan to serve drinks in personalized Burger King cups .
From Victoria Beckham to the Duchess of Cambridge , our favourite celebrities always dress to impress .  The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed and they all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure .  The fash-pack have long championed head-to-toe black , but they ` re shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes .  As our favourite stars prove
Jermain Defoe scored in Sunderland 's 1-0 win at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .  The Black Cats striker hit home a left-footed volley just before half-time .  It was the Black Cats ` third home league win of the season .  It was just the club 's fifth successive win over the Magpies .  The 32-year-old admitted he had to question the emotion of scoring .  He said
Kim Rose , 57 , is running for Nigel Farage 's party in Southampton .  He is being investigated over claims he tried to ` corruptly influence ' voters .  Ukip candidate laid out sausage rolls at event , which also featured snooker star Jimmy White .  Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes .  Mr
Prime Minister will call the Tories ` the party of working people '  He will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3 million families to buy their home .  The subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off expensive properties .  Mr Cameron will borrow a phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader .  He will urge voters
Rob Ford , 45 , was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma last year .  He has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation .  The tumor has now shrunk to a manageable size , 5.6 by 4.6 cm , he said .  Four surgeons will carry out the eight-to ten-hour operation on May 11 .  He will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days and hopes
Embattled DEA chief Michele Leonhart , who has run the agency since 2007 , will reportedly resign soon .  Leonhart told the panel last week there was ` no evidence ' that sensitive information had been leaked but it 's ` absolutely ' possible that it had been compromised .  A March report by the Justice Department 's Inspector General said ` sex parties ' financed by ` local drug
People flocked to Apple 's stores around the world to get a .  close-up look at the Apple Watch .  The tech company 's first foray .  into the personal luxury goods market .  orders were ` great ' , said CEO Tim Cook .  Online preorders opened on Friday with shipping times in June for some models of the watch and four to six weeks for others .  There
Two explosions from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile have shot billions of cubic metres of ash over six miles into the atmosphere .  More than 4,000 people have been forced to abandon their homes and covered nearby communities in ash .  Volcanologist told MailOnline it is impossible to predict what will happen next .  The volcano is one of the most dangerous of Chile 's 90 active volcanoes but was
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia 's offshore Nauru detention centre .  She has been prescribed anti-depressants and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder , her lawyer says .  The girl 's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fleeing from the military police in Iran .  She is now living in fear of being returned from a holding
units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks .  One of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire .  No one was hurt , and the girl is not expected to face charges .  The units
Patrick Bamford scored his 19th Middlesbrough goal of the season on Tuesday .  The 21-year-old striker has been prolific in loan spells at Boro , Derby and MK Dons .  He has led his parent club Chelsea to open talks over a new deal .  He will also be given the chance to impress Jose Mourinho on Chelsea 's summer tour .  The striker is currently one of 26 players
Australian jockey Blake Shinn suffered a wardrobe malfunction on Thursday .  Shinn 's elastic in his pants gave way as he tried to ride Miss Royale to victory .  The 27-year-old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line .  Shinn jokingly compared his situation to that of Australian beauty queen Jennifer Hawkins .
Kevin Bollaert , 28 , was sentenced to 18 years in prison for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming .  He was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court .  Victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson , Missouri were released on Thursday .  Seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama : ` What black man holds a steady job for four years '  In the other emails President Obama is labelled a
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury , Maryland , was moderating a town hall event on Thursday .  During an answer about writer 's block , Obama got a little long-winded and Osman stepped in .  Obama grinned and replied , ` Osman thinks I ' ve been talking too long `  Yaya also managed to tease details about Obama 's early reading habits , his post-presidency plans
The horse , Charly , was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the incident occurred .  The person managed to write ` RBS ' and an arrow on the horse 's flank with silver spray paint .
Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials .  Meeting would aim to negotiate possible .  Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal .  Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company .  would have too much power in the Internet broadband market .
The man , who cannot be named , was jailed for life after fathering a child with his own daughter .  He ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse , Derby Crown Court heard .  He ` poisoned ' the girl against her mother who did not live with them , the court heard .
The Princess , 26 , was seen at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield , Staffordshire .  She opened a new classroom at the school in less than four days .  On Friday , she was in Reading to open the town 's Talbot Memorial Garden .  The space commemorates a little girl who was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour and died in 2013 .  The Princess
Wreckage of the bus and train used in The Fugitive lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina .  They were used to film a scene in which Harrison Ford 's character Dr Richard Kimble leaps from a prison transport moments before it was hit by the onrushing train .  The 100-strong crew spent two months on location in the mountains to plan the impact , which lasted
Arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season .  Per Mertesacker says they have brought back the ` arguing culture '  Arsene Wenger 's side slipped from the top of the Premier League .  Arsenal face Liverpool in a crucial clash for both sides for the Champions League places .
Nicola Sturgeon has hit out at people questioning why she does n't have children .  She said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family .  She said she was not ` moaning ' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians ` have had to endure over their appearance .  The First Minister was interviewed by STV
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield to move within four points of the top four .  Raheem Sterling opened the scoring after nine minutes .  Joe Allen doubled the lead in the second half .  Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a second yellow card offence .  Liverpool boss John Carver admits Sisoko could easily have been shown a straight red .  But he says he wo n't defend anyone
Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre in Bremen , Germany , described the EOssc2 as an ` ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities '  The concept car can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab , so it can park itself .  The car pivots using wheels powered by separate motors and shrinks from 8ft -LRB- 2.5 metres -RRB- to 5ft
Wisconsin ended Kentucky 's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years .  Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis .  Justise Winslow scored 19 points and Jahlil Okafor added 18 to lead Duke to an 81-61 victory over Michigan State in the earlier semi-final .  Wisconsin will play Duke in the Final Four on Monday night .  Kentucky
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer .  He has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association .  Manuel Pellegrini 's contract at the Etihad Stadium is due to expire this summer .  City 's youngsters are in awe of the Frenchman , who has played with Vincent Kompany and Joe Hart in his one season at the club in 2010 /
Henry Howes , four , had just finished a swimming lesson at the Snowdome in Tamworth .  He got stuck in the ` claw ' machine at his local swimming pool .  Desperate to get to his hands on the teddy , he put his hand inside the hatch .  But when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside .  Luckily ,
David Cameron said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the Tories at the last election .  But he said they would back the party this time if he fails to win a majority .  He added : ` If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded '  PM made the remarks in an interview with the BBC 's Evan Davis .
Angela Merkel and husband spent Easter on island of Ischia , near Naples .  Couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel .  Prices start at # 160 per night but can go up to # 280 for some of the more expensive suites .
The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events .  FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ` independence in running their own affairs .  Greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a March AEK Athens-Olympiakos match .
Domenico Rancadore , 65 , has lived in Britain for more than 20 years .  He was given a seven-year sentence for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .  But today it emerged that his European Arrest Warrant was to be withdrawn .  Italian law states that
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .  Theo Walcott has struggled to maintain a first team place under Arsene Wenger .  The midfielder says the Gunners have been the ` best team in Europe ' this season .
Nelson Felippe , a Brazilian commuter , took a picture of a ` scene ' on a train platform .  In the image , two women hug and gaze into each other 's eyes .  The viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant .  The post was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours .
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen .  The Slovenian-born player beat Maxime Chazal of France 6-3 6-2 .  Bedene is ranked 83rd in the world and is now the British number two .
Khalid Rashad , 61 , appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today .  Charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose .  Also charged with possessing ammunition for a firearm without a certificate .  Charges were brought by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani .  Father-of-six was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria .  His body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat
Edward Nudel , 41 , broke into his relative 's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola ` in an especially depraved and sadistic manner '  Police were called and arrived at the Staten Island man 's Bay Terrace home to find him sleeping in his bed with Lola lying motionless on the floor with her tongue out .  ` Am I getting arrested for a
Royal Caribbean 's Legend of the Seas docked in San Diego on Tuesday with 135 passengers .  Just one day prior , the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked with 106 sick .  Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks .  It causes severe gastrointestinal distress and vomiting and diarrhea .  Both ships sailed from Fort Lauderdale , Florida ,
The ten houses in Australia that wo n't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed .  Among them is a one-bedroom home in Oberon , central west of NSW , which was listed 800 days ago for $ 299,000 .  A property in Kincumber , north of Sydney , went from $ 889,00 to a 55 per cent cut .  In Queensland ,
Sinbad , a ginger tabby cat , sneaked inside a shipping container in Egypt on March 8 .  Staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg , Hereford , heard meows coming from inside the container .  RSPCA was called out to investigate and found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten , who had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes .  Sinbad was taken to the Laurels Veterinary
A Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $ 249 -LRB- # 167 -RRB- .  It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer .  The company behind the test , Color Genomics , was founded by Elad
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA 's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday .  The Grizzlies defence shut down Oklahoma City Thunder star Russell Westbrook repeatedly .  San Antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the No 2 playoff seed .  Brooklyn 's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109
Chelsea Manning , 27 , was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for leaking secret documents to WikiLeaks and sentenced to 35 years in prison .  One month after being found guilty , Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning .  In February this year , after suing the Defense Department , Manning was approved for
Betty Johnson , 86 , was a Kansas City Chiefs ticket holder since 1986 .  A devoted fan , she would sit front row on the 45-yard line during home games .  She received a kiss from wide receiver Dwayne Bowe every game .  Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery visited her on Thursday and shortly after she passed away .  ` I believe she -LSB- was -RSB- holding on
The spacious five bedroom home is based in the same building where Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years .  It has two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen / dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building .  The luxurious bedroom , decorated in purple and neutral colours , is one of five at the flat which also boasts a private
Jeremy Clarkson and fellow presenters were on brink of lucrative new contract .  James May , 52 , revealed he had prematurely celebrated three-year deal .  He said he had ordered # 200,000 Ferrari 458 Speciale-in bright orange .  ` Draft version ' of contract was sitting on his desk ` with only a few details to resolve '  But after Clarkson punched show 's producer Oisin Tymon , offer
Jose Mourinho was stumped by a question he was asked at his press conference .  The Chelsea manager was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him last season .  The pair clashed on the sidelines at Stamford Bridge last season .  Arsenal take on Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire .  The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12 .  He was not selected in Team Sky 's 2014 squad for the race when it began in Yorkshire .  Marcel Kittel returns to Yorkshire with his Giant-Alpecin squad .
Eleven leading figures from seven parties have written a joint letter .  They accused the CPS of orchestrating a ` whitewash ' in the justice system .  Lord Janner , who has dementia , will not face trial over 22 serious offences .  At least 19 men with dementsia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 .  MailOnline has revealed some paedophiles , including several too ill to
Esa 's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P .  The probe dipped to within nine miles -LRB- 14km -RRB- of the comet 's surface on Saturday .  But during the manoeuvre , Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas .  It was placed into ` safe mode ' , causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth .
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains .  He was struck by a falling icicle which caused a blood clot and swelling in his leg .  The blood formed a clot which left him in pain and unable to walk .  In order to get back to the city at the foot of the mountains , he decided to perform surgery on himself .  He used only his
The Duchess of Cambridge and Prince George have moved into Anmer Hall , in North Norfolk , into a secluded fortress home , far from traditional Royal protocol .  The couple have immersed themselves in a notably more domestic life style than many Royals , with under-the-radar shopping trips to nearby market towns and evening dinners in country pubs .  The Duchess 's security detail , stationed a respectful 50
Complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton , who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013 .  TSA said the re-training will stress ` race neutrality ' and that a special emphasis will be placed on the ` hair patdowns of African-American female travelers '  Solange Knowles claimed in 2012 she was racially
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 gala in New York City on Tuesday .  The comedian did a good job of stealing the spotlight from the couple who are being celebrated in the Time 's 100 most influential people in the world .  Amy , 33 , looked elegant in her midnight blue gown but did n't
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for QPR this season .  Roy Hodgson 's side have a 100 per cent record in the Euro 2016 qualifiers .  Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate 's Under-21 team .
Faris Al-Khori , 62 , had handwritten notes on how to make a bomb , a court heard .  The equipment was found purely by chance after a fire at a block of flats in Edinburgh .  It was discovered by police and army Explosive Ordnance Device -LRB- EOD -RRB- experts .  He also had a small amount of a highly volatile explosive lead picrate .  It was so dangerous
Juventus face Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final .  The Italian giants have been likened to ` Star Wars '  Marca refers to Bayern Munich and Juventus as ` The Berlin Walls '  Benfica and Porto meet in a top of the table clash in Portugal .
Miriam Gonzalez Durantez says she has been ` religiously paying taxes ' in UK for 10 years .  Says she would like to be able to vote in election on May 7 .  But takes a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with .  Nick Clegg warns ` bandwagons of the far right ' are ` increasingly hapless '  Claims Tories want to `
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England .  But actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater .  World Health Organisation suggests one in 100 babies could suffer learning and behavioural problems .
Billy-Anne Huxton , 18 , was found by police on Thursday night .  Her ex-boyfriend Carl Garry Chapman , 32 , has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty .  Ms Huxham allegedly escaped her captor and fled to a local restaurant where she called her parents .  The 32-year-old was out on bail charges at the time of the
The Take That singer has ditched proposal for two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house .  The 41-year-old has angered the veteran Led Zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion .  He bought the property for # 17.5 million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool .  He wants to lower some of the floors and knock down walls to
Russia is considering bailing out Greece in exchange for the country 's ` assets '  Alexis Tsipras , Greece 's prime minister , will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today .  Comes amid reports Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on natural gas .  Visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy .  Greece
Women who carry the BRCA1 gene face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent .  If diagnosed , they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours .  Miss Jolie , 39 , had an oophorectomy in March .  Two years before , she had a double mastectomy as she carries the gene .  She had a mutated gene variant which raises the risk of developing
The Lada Niva is a highly capable , ruftytufty 4x4 from Russia .  It is available in a compact van format -LRB- # 10,590 , excluding VAT and road tax -RRB- .  The plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud .
Pep Guardiola is set to enter contract negotiations with Bayern Munich .  The former Barcelona boss 's contract expires in the summer of 2016 .  Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen says he is not trying to make as much money as possible .  Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga .  They face Bayer Leverkusen in the quarter-finals of the German Cup on Wednesday .
Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury .  The 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident .  He made his comeback during Derbyshire 's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi .
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door .  After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps , Boomer appears resting in the same position .
Stacey Eden , 23 , made a bold stand in defence of a Muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon .  The middle-aged woman allegedly branded ` all Muslims ISIS supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf .  Police are now urging witnesses of the incident to come forward .  A police spokeswoman contacted Daily Mail Australia on Thursday to
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez 's shot slip through his grasp in extra-time .  The Australian goalkeeper was ` inconsolable ' after the game .  The 30-year-old has issued an apology to Reading fans on Twitter .
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs , Texas , to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a ` rising ceremony ' performed .  The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child , police claimed , and took place on March 22 .  The child 's parents took the body to Mexico the following day
The key is to maintain an even balance of ` energy in ' and ` energy out '  A small chocolate bunny would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming .  Two hot cross buns would take up to 50 minutes of running to work off .  Exercise physiologist Alex Lawrence has said that many Australians still struggle to maintain a healthy weight as most do n't realise how
Traditionally known as a ` naatsit ' , the underwear is adorned with beads .  It would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt .  It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection .  It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 .  When leaving the settlement
Ian Brady wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .  He said he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling '  The 77-year-old was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  Victims were lured to their deaths and buried on Saddleworth Moor .  Brady , who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University have been charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property .  Nicholas Connole , a wounded veteran who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq , said he felt like he had to ` defend himself ' against the students at
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
A quarter -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country .  Scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000-making it the most popular part of the UK in which to tie the knot .  Gretna Green , a town famous for its ` runaway weddings ' is one of the world 's most popular wedding destinations .  Argyll and Bute is the second
Mohammed Tahir , 53 , of Leytonstone , east London , got off his train at Mile End .  He followed a young woman onto a Central Line service and stood as close to her as he could .  She tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances .  Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly on her
Emmanuel Adebayor 's last start for Tottenham was against Aston Villa on November 2 .  The striker was dragged off the pitch after 58 minutes at Villa Park .  He has pocketed # 3.4 million in wages since his last start in the Premier League .  He has scored just twice in his last two Premier League games for Spurs .  He has always craved the chance to play for
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur , Georgia , on Monday .  The 46-year-old signer spent time with friends and family members .  Bobbi , 22 , was found unconscious on January 31 after being found unresponsive .  Her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston said her granddaughter ` is no longer in a medically induced coma ' but is not awake nor expected
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple 's iPhone range .  Samsung has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts .  But following legal disputes , Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing -LRB- TSMC -RRB- to produce the A7 seen in the iPhone 5S .  Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of
Hulk Hogan 's ex-wife has listed her Simi Valley mansion in California for sale at $ 5.5 million .  Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009 .  Called Villa di Montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community .  The
American John Moore 's images show the heartbreak , brutality and horror of the Ebola virus as it tore through West African communities .  Mr Moore , who is based in New York , has photographed in more than 70 countries and has won numerous accolades for his previous work .  The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night .  Mr Moore-who operates
The Corsican Mouflon , or mountain sheep , make easy work of the GR20 hiking trail .  The mountain sheep make easy works of the toughest trek in Europe .  It started in the Golo Valley , where the ancient Sentiers de Transhumance used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures .  Accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels .  The average hike
Lisa Mearkle , 36 , is charged with criminal homicide in shooting of David Kassick , 59 .  She was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground in Hummelstown , Pennsylvania .  She claimed she shot him in self-defense because he was reaching for a gun .  Her lawyers have asked a judge to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video .  A preliminary
Yulia Simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill Damian Vanya .  The 15-year-old was dumped by the music teacher after he dumped her for a classmate .  Simonova wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she ` finished ' him .  A secret camera filmed the exchange in the city of Shatura , near Moscow .  She said she wanted him to
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python 's Galaxy Song .  The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015 .  It is a cover of the song from 1983 film Monty Python .  Professor Hawking , 73 , appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox .  The song states that Earth is ` revolving at nine hundred miles an hour '  towards the
Arnold Quintero , 21 , from San Antonio , Texas , faces a string of charges .  Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker .  She told police a lighter was held to the side of her face , burning her .
Swansea City are interested in signing Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede .  Swans scouts have checked on Aleksandar Mitrovic at Anderlecht and Obbi Oulare from Club Brugge .  Leicester left-back Jeffrey Schlupp has also attracted interest from the Swans .
The three leaders ` wives were on parade yesterday , marching across the country in support of their men .  Samantha Cameron , Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers , in more ways than one .  They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline , ready for their long haul flight to or from
Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Mike Ashley .  Ashley owns an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers .  Sports Direct loaned the previous Rangers regime # 5million in January .
A photo of a New York resident whose name is Beyoncé was shared on Facebook .  The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name .  She said : ` Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me , and I ' m not a very social person `  The photos were taken by a photographer who travels
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine-and feature in this month 's edition , with Easter just around the corner .  Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work .  The eggs are individually designed , including a British themed Union Jack egg and one dedicated to master baker Mary Berry from
Matthew Weathers is a maths teacher at Biola University in California .  He often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel .  The amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room .  Loading one up on his screen in demonstration , the teacher watches a bit of the video before noticing that the content is backwards and stating that
Manchester City have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double .  Some fans will now have to pay over # 1,700 to watch Manuel Pellegrini 's side .  City claim the change is due to upgrades which have come in during the stadium 's expansion .  The club have increased the number of # 299 season tickets available with only Stoke offering
Jacques Burger has been cited for alleged foul play .  The flanker struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud midway through the match .  Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday .  World Rugby 's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban .
Kim Kardashian : Hollywood was developed by Glu Mobile and has an estimated 28 million downloads .  Game requires users to create a character and become friends with Kim .  They then embark on social-climbing , empire-building adventures .  The game 's character is voiced by the reality star herself .  She introduces you into the industry and gives you a chance to buy clothes .  Within ten minutes of
Hop Theory is nearing its $ 25,000 target on Kickstarter to create ` tea bag ' beer .  The ` teabag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and spices .  It promises to turn lager into ` craft beer ' in just two to four minutes .  The company has been criticised by professional breweries for being misleading .  Cheddar Ales in Somerset , England , is
Saskia , 17 , aced the ` Arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent .  By the grading system of her boyfriend , who did n't want to be identified , that constitutes an A .  ` Well done . As a result , I will not be dumping you -LSB- lucky you -RRB- , ' he wrote
` Now that this is behind us , let 's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great , ' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said .  The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state 's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson , who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday
The 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday .  LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home in the playoffs .  James also took credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a three from 52-feet on the buzzer at the end of the third quarter .  The Cavas are
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building .  It comes as President Obama 's executive order on LGBT workplace discrimination came into effect .  It protects the rights of the LGBT community while in the employment of federal contractors and subcontractors .
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months .  Entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit theatre , cinema , museums and amusement parks .  Analysis showed spending on women 's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year , and 4 per cent for men 's clothing .  A fifth of people are delaying a major purchase until after
Rand Paul , a libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator , launched his presidential campaign Tuesday in Louisville , Kentucky .  ` Why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , OK ? ' he griped .  ` No , no , you ' ve editorialized . Let me answer a question ! You ask a question , and you say , `` Have your views changed ? ''
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award .  The 20-year-old scored three goals against Sunderland and Chelsea .  The striker also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty .  Sportsmail held an exclusive Q & A with the striker after finding out about the accolade .  The striker is looking to make an impression under Nigel
Malky Mackay 's tenure at Wigan Athletic came to an end on Monday following a 2-0 defeat by Derby .  Dave Whelan will have to accept that his misguided decision to appoint the controversial Scot has cost him his reputation .  Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over ` sexist , racism and homophobic ' texts .  It could yet prove that the ` very difficult decision '
Tyler Grant , a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ` they , ' ` them ' , or ` their ' instead of ` he , ' or ` she , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothes .  A Whataburger in Austin , Texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based
Graeme Dott is through to the second round of the Betfred World Championship .  The 37-year-old is a qualifier this year and is through .  John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over Robert Milkins .
Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years in far south-west Queensland .  The 59-year-old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia .  He has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states .  He is set to retire later this year after ten years as a police officer .  He has been working in Birdsville , which borders on the Simpson Desert .  The
From lattes to espresso and Americano to cafe au lait , there are Will Corby 's picks .  The next time you order a latte and reach for a slice of cake , you might want to rethink your choice of pastry .  The classic English pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte .  Espresso is best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona .  He will be assisted by an all-English team including Andre Marriner , Simon Beck and Jake Collin .  Martin Atkinson will not be selected for this round of matches .  He chose not to send off Manchester City 's Vincent Kompany in Sunday 's Manchester derby .  The other English referees will be Milorad Mazic -LRB- Atletico Madrid vs
The mother-to-be , whose name is Injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother .  She was born on April 8,2009 weighing 66lbs -LRB- 30kg -RRB- , after an uncomplicated gestation of 378 days .  The calf was created from cells harvested from an ovary of an adult camel .  The cells were then planted into the egg
Burberry Chief Creative and chief executive officer Christopher Bailey celebrated the launch of his new Beverley Hills store on Thursday night .  Over 700 guests , including superstars Cara Delevingne , Suki Waterhouse , Mila Kunis , Elton John , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Anna Wintour , attended the event at Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles .  Bailey was named CEO in October 2013 when current CEO Angela Ahrendts left for
Tesla has unveiled a $ 3,000 -LRB- # 1,980 -RRB- home battery that can power an entire home for eight hours .  Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs .  It can be installed either on an outside or inside wall of a home .  The ` daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours , which is around a quarter of a
The Federal Aviation Administration had earlier given the green light to an Amazon prototype drone in March .  The company told U.S. . lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more .  than six months for the agency 's permission .  The company must conduct flights at 400 feet -LRB- 120 metres -RRB- orbelow and in ` visual meteorological conditions '
Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders in a sprint finish with Niki Terpstra .  Team Sky 's Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap on the likes of Tom Simpson and Fabian Cancellara .  Sir Bradley Wiggins was one of a number of riders to hit the deck during the race when he crashed in the middle of the peloton while trying to negotiate
WADA director general David Howman said this week that he is disappointed Armstrong had n't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits .  Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman 's remark , but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman , who initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong , then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers .  ` It is apparent that it
An unnamed hit band from the 1960s attended the same paedophile brothel as Jimmy Savile .  The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 .  It related to a notorious flat in Battersea , south west London .
Aaron Kaufman , former chief technology officer of Blue Shield , has been fired .  Accused of spending $ 100,000 on vacations , hotel stays and lavish nights out .  Also accused of running up a tab of $ 1,382 on drinks at the Warwick nightclub .  Blue Shield also alleges that his girlfriend posted raunchy pictures of herself .  Complaint says Reid ` behaved inappropriately ' at one event
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach , Florida .  John Bailey said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water .  The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine .
Utrecht winger Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted .  Referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch .  Referee points at substitute Tommy Oar on the field of the play .
Six games to go-five for QPR and seven for Leicester-there are just four points separating the bottom five sides in the Premier League .  The three promoted clubs , Leicester , Burnley and QPR , would make an immediate return to the championship .  Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink of relegation .  Sportsmail 's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years .  Danny
Kim Sears was spotted working on her wedding tan in Miami on Tuesday .  The 27-year-old artist was a vision of health as she applied suncream .  She watched fiance Andy Murray play against South Africa 's Kevin Anderson .  Murray beat Anderson 6-4 3-6 6-3 in the fourth round of the Miami Open .  Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 .  Local
A photo of a ` drunken ' young woman was posted on SOHO nightclub 's Facebook page on April 3 .  It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced to three years for raping an 18-year-old at the venue in Sydney 's Kings Cross on March 27 .  The image was soon removed by the club 's management after a backlash on Twitter .  The club agreed that the
Russian network Dozhd TV gave Hillary Clinton 's ` Everyday Americans ' video an 18 rating .  It features Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson , from Chicago , Illinois , holding hands .  They are planning a summer wedding , and talk about their up-coming wedding .  But it is at odds with Russia 's view on LGBT rights , which have become increasingly restrictive during Vladimir Putin 's presidency
Voters in last year 's parliamentary by-elections complained about aggressive campaigning .  In one case , a voter complained of ` unfair ' promise of free curry .  Others , in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities , accused politicians of ` fly-posting '  Detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting ` political views '  Details refer to elections in Clacton , Heywood and Middleton
Leigh Griffiths has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games for Celtic .  The 24-year-old became Celtic 's top scorer with a hat-trick against Dundee on Sunday .  He now spends his days train-spotting at Leith Athletic .  Celtic boss Ronny Deila says he is ` not sure he was doing the right kind of things '  The former Dundee boss Gordon Chisholm says he was ` quiet ,
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle , head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung , urges aviation industry to develop system .  System could help prevent repeat of Germanwings crash last month .  Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit .  Plane crashed into French mountainside , killing all 150 people on board .  Mr Schaurle said it was important to ` think past today 's technology '  He said similar technology is
Savage swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the river in Cambridge over Easter weekend .  Mr Asbo , the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers .  He was seen attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman 's handbag .
Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep , known as GBS .  This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year .  Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ` at risk '  But screening at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West
The Governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations after more than a half century of hostility and confrontation .  Today , Cuomo met with Cuba 's top officials for U.S. . relations along with executives from Jetblue , MasterCard , Pfizer and other New York-based companies .
Kim Ki-jong , 55 , was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors ` Office .  On Monday , the recovering diplomat , Mark Lippert , was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards .  South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days , and there is
Mindfulness for Travel series developed for launch of new Airbus A380 service .  Aims to inspire a relaxed , positive state of mind for all travellers .  Ideas developed by mindfulness expert Mark Coleman .
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 in their Premier League clash at St James ` Park .  Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season with a late strike .  Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen scored for the Magpies .  Mauricio Pochettino believes there is more to come from the England striker .  The 21-year-old is the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark .  The Tottenham striker
Eddie Raymond Tipton , 51 , of Norwalk , Iowa , was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize .  Now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win .  They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to ensure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010 , and
Barry Selby , 54 , was eating a bag of Tesco cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack .  The two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack appears to be a profile of a human skull .  The floor-fitter has decided to keep the unusual snack , which appears to show a jaw , nose and eye .  In the 1990s he found a
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake take on Loic Remy and Willian .  Chelsea players aim to fire balls into convertible Audi 's from long range .  The 17-goal man and youngster Ake secured the points with a 5-3 win .  The final challenge involved the players playing over a # 127,000 Audi R8 V10 plus .
Douglas Murphy , 47 , was cleaning up after a children 's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag .  A cut so small it was barely visible became infected causing necrotizing faciitis-a flesh-eating bug .  The father-of-two , from Brooklyn , New York , was diagnosed with the infection .  Medics were preparing to amputate his right leg when they noticed antibiotics given to the 47-year-old
Micheal John Duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers .  The 33-year-old 's decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre Lakesland property , near Picton , south west of Sydney .  Duffy 's co-accused Rachel Evans , who has plead guilty to murder , will receive a jail sentence .  Ms Ayers had met Duffy a day before she
Grayson Hand , who is battling leukemia , joins the University of Connecticut with the help of Team IMPACT , an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams .  Hand 's sister Sophie , 7 , was named an honorary cheerleader .
Chloe Knapton , 21 , was driving home from a night out when she was attacked .  Her friend stopped to get out of her car to move a bike out of the way of traffic .  As she left the car , a man waiting at a bus shelter came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle .  He then hurled abuse at her , before walking up to
More than 30,000 cases of the country 's most popular hummus dip are being recalled after Sabra , the manufacturer , said they could be contaminated with listeria .  Only five batches of hummus were being recalled-and only the company 's Classic Hummus .  The company said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores .
Cyril Abiteboul can understand Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz 's frustrations .  Red Bull 's Daniil Kvyat was forced out of Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix .  Toro Rosso 's Max Verstappen was also forced to retire in the race .  Renault are under pressure to perform after billionaire benefactor threatened to pull out of Formula One unless the French manufacturer raised their game .  Red Bull team principal Christian
Nigel Farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win the seat he is contesting in Thanet South .  A private poll , paid for by a Ukip donor but carried out by ComRes , put the Conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin .  Diane James , an MEP and the party 's justice and home affairs spokesman , insisted
Geraldine Alcorn , 28 , faces multiple charges for ` obsessively ' texting an 11-year-old student .  The girl 's mother , a single parent , complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working .  The mother found stickers and letters from Alcorn in her school binder , plus two letters the girl wrote to Alcorn with three
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious putting surfaces better than anyone .  The Northern Irishman is a former Georgia State mid-amateur champion .  On Friday Knox answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round .
Maura Pally , acting CEO of the Clinton Foundation , said that the global philanthropy made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors .  The fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium company to a Russian state agency .  Pally also described the foundation 's work with the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice was diverted to Stuttgart .  The flight took off from Cologne at 9.55 am local time .  The Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil , airline said in a statement .  The Cologne-based airline said a passenger and a flight attendant suffered ` acute feeling of sickness '  Passenger Eugenio Bartolini said she had ` a fear of flying ' and was `
The 34-year-old actor 's trainer , former boxer Terry Claybon , said it took six months of training before filming started .  He also worked out for 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night .  Jake had to put back on the weight he had lost before gaining an extra 15lbs of muscle for Nightcrawler .  Gyllenhaal dropped approximately 30lbs for the 2014 film .
Prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto , Italy , amid claims he took part in gay orgies with a Swiss Guard .  One of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes , role play and explicit gay web chats .  The 32-year-old man , from Rovigo in northeast Italy , claimed he was contacted by the unnamed
Alex Salmond has stepped up the pressure on Ed Miliband .  Former SNP leader said he was ` foolish ' to rule out a coalition with SNP .  He said all parties would have to face up to the ` electorate 's judgment ' after May 7 .  Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street .  She said
NBA stars Chris Paul and Luol Deng will take part in the August 1 game .  Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation .  Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe .  The game will take place following the 13th edition of Basketball without Borders .  More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA since
The baby-faced boy from Memphis , Tennessee , has amassed thousands of Twitter followers .  He poses with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana .  In many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances , with captions such as ` High Life '  Some feature sexual references , such as : ` quit suckin my d * * * '  As he is a minor ,
Abby Bishop 's life changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala in August 2013 .  Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .  Bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything .  The basketballer base herself in Canberra , sometimes flying interstate with Zala
Everton were held to a 1-1 draw by Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium .  Aaron Lennon 's first-half strike was cancelled out by a Jonjo Shelvey penalty .  Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for Everton 's poor season .  The Toffees played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev .
Delroy Facey , 34 , is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches .  He is alleged to have become involved in the ` ugly side ' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing .  Facey also played for West Bromwich Albion and Hull City .  Former non-league player Moses Swaibu also denies the
Almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of a reaction .  Many Britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition .  Poll of 2,000 adults to mark Allergy Awareness Week reveals 68 per cent would not know how to help .
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show .  Producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series .  Angela Butler said the day for auditions was ` the day throughout Wales when most kids are absent '  Around 30 Newtown High School pupils aged 11 to 18 sang and
Liam Ridgewell plays for Portland Timbers in the new MLS season .  The 30-year-old discusses his family 's visits to Portland , coming up against Orlando City 's Brazilian star Kaka on Monday .  Ridgewell 's side face Seattle Sounders on Monday morning at 2 : 30 am UK time .  Ridgewell has been training with the Timbers Under-9s one day .  The defender also has a personal trainer to
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole of the Masters on Sunday .  The 39-year-old was 470 yards away with the ball nestled in pine straws .  When he followed through , the four-time champion slammed the club into a root .  It forced the joint out of place , but Woods shunned medical attention and pushed it back in himself .  After finishing his round he
Houses in areas with a Waitrose cost an average of # 354,378 .  That 's 12 per cent more than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch .  But having a budget store on your doorstep means your house could sell for less .  Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts .
Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government , describing its approach to taxation as a ` morbid joke '  He cited a proposed bank deposit tax and a push for a greater contribution from multinational companies .  Treasurer Joe Hockey was not impressed with the Costello critique .  He said using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap Australians in poverty .  The Abbott government is due to deliver its
Stoke City are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table .  Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones ` song ' Delilah ` is costing them a spot in the Europe League via the Fair Play League .  The Potters ` faithful have been singing the song since the 1980s as their unofficial club anthem .  The song has been criticised with claims the original lyrics promote domestic violence .  West
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on the hard-fought first day of the second Test in Saint George 's .  The Durham all-rounder injured himself , then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels .  Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs , even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping , and
Ladies ` Day has long been a highlight of the racing calender in Liverpool .  Thousands of female race-goers showed their indomitable spirit for the occasion .  Many opted for outfits that would n't have been out of place at a wedding .  Most , however , were intent on nothing more than enjoying the blissful weather .  Many opening proceedings with a mini bottle of champagne , quaffed with
Tourists are invited to book a trip to the Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk , Russia , for # 3,500 .  They will stay in the wild habitat of the last remaining Siberian tigers .  They will set camera traps with experts in the hope of catching an insight into the lives of the animals .  They will spend time with conservationist Alexander Batalov , who has spent the last 20
Liverpool are monitoring Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia .  The 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in Europe .  Real Madrid , Manchester United , Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen on the midfielder .  Liverpool are also in the frame for James Milner and Danny Ings .
Amanda Goff , 40 , is a mother of two who works as a high-class escort .  Says she received ` torrent of abuse ' when she revealed her double life on TV .  Said she was ` a whore and a s * * * and an anti-feminist ' after revelation .  Says her harshest critics were other mothers concerned about ` life of misery '  Said she is
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket .  The former England batsman has declared himself open to discussions about the new post .  ` The way he captained shows he 'll change the brand of cricket currently being played , which we need , ' Pietersen said .  The 40-year-old was axed by the ECB on Wednesday .  Paul Downton was sacked as England
Raheem Sterling 's controversial ` It 's-Not-About-The-Money ' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium .  Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool 's penalty , which was only a consolation .  Sterling was positioned in an advanced role for Liverpool , a position he admits he prefers playing .  Jordan Henderson deputised at right-wing-back .  Daniel Sturridge came on to replace Lazar Markovic at the break ,
Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title on a fitting 92 points .  Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town , meaning the Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball .  Gary and Phil Neville , Ryan Giggs , Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes took to Twitter to express their delight at gaining promotion .
Pauline McKee , 90 , put a penny in the ` Miss Kitty ' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Iowa .  The screen announced she had won a bonus of $ 41,797,550 . 16 in 2011 .  But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court ruled that she had only won $ 1.85 .  The game 's rules stated that the maximum award was $ 10,000 and bonus awards
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals .  The 25-1 shot , who was sixth in the Cheltenham Gold Cup , is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize .  The Lambourn handler had previously saddled four National runners and non of them had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-old 's hard-fought length-and-three quarter defeat
Louis van Gaal has given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top transfer target .  The Dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses .  Moshin Tanveer-who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy-gave the manager a list of potential targets .  United are currently third in the Premier League with 65 points from 33 games-11 points behind leaders Chelsea ahead of this weekend 's trip to Everton at
Samantha Rawcliffe , 40 , lost all control of her body and crashed her car .  In the days after the accident she was shaking uncontrollably .  Tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder .  It is an umbrella term for a range of neurologist symptoms that cannot be explained .  Mrs Rawcliffe is now confined to her house , unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter
New York City 's Landmarks Law was signed by Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19,1965 , and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978 following a campaign led by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis to save Grand Central .  A new exhibition from the Museum of the City of New York shows the historic buildings that were destroyed before they could be preserved by the law .  The old Beaux Arts-style Pennsylvania
Francis Pusok 's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe .  In an interview with NBC 4 , he revealed that he had been handcuffed for ` 99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear
Mark Dawe , head of the Oxford , Cambridge and RSA exam board , said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway .  He compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam .  Chris McGovern , chairman of Campaign for Real Education , said the idea would lead to a ` dumbing down of standards '
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night .  David Worrall scored from 25 yards in the 74th minute .  Manager Phil Brown 's side are currently third in the Championship .
Daniel P . Finney , 39 , of Iowa , started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month .  For years , the Iowa-based writer ignored that he was severely overweight-even shrugging off strangers who called him ` fatty ' as he walked down the street .  After a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight
England women 's Under 19s drew 2-2 with Norway in Belfast on Saturday .  The match was supposed to last for 18 seconds but was replayed .  Leah Williamson 's penalty was disallowed by German referee Marjia Kurtes .  But it was given a lifeline when UEFA chiefs ruled it should be replayed .  Norway discovered minutes before the penalty was retaken they would qualify for this summer 's finals
Joseph McEnroe , 36 , was convicted of slaying four adults and two children in 2007 .  He is testifying in penalty phase of trial in bid to avoid the death penalty .  He said he ` thought ' he had to kill Wayne Anderson , 60 , and Judy Anderson , 61 , and their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson , both 32 ; and the younger
A 26-year-old employee at Ceva Logistics in Michigan secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall at work .  The woman , who has not been named , returned to her seat to resume her work .  Police were called to the office and found a newborn 's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk .  The mother and baby were taken to a local hospital
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg .  Hamilton 's third win in four races extended his lead in the Formula One world championship to 27 points .  Kimi Raikkonen , who finished second , was second with Daniel Ricciardo third .  Valtteri Bottas completed the podium for Red Bull .  Jenson Button set the fastest time of the season with a time
Clarence David Moore , 66 , was convicted of larceny of more than $ 200 in North Carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison .  He escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in Kentucky since at least 2009 .  On Monday , after he called police , he was taken from his
Newcastle Under 21s lost 2-0 to Derby County at St James ` Park .  Siem de Jong came through the first half to make his comeback .  De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his # 6million arrival .  The midfielder tore his thigh muscle in September and was days away from returning in February when he suffered a collapsed lung .  Facundo Ferreyra replaced De Jong
Professor Ninian Peckitt , 63 , has been struck off for repeatedly punching a patient .  The patient , known as Patient A , had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident .  He required a second procedure after falling off the bed which displaced his cheekbone .  That 's when Prof Peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic .  He claimed he `
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday .  Ms Scott 's sister Kim posted the poem on Saturday morning , a day after the body of the murdered bride-to-be was found in Cocoparra National Park on Friday .  ` On this Your Special Day ... My little sister / Stephanie Clare Scott / Is now a wedded wife / Believe
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League on April 15 .  Neymar is expecting more fireworks following their win over Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition .  The Brazil international has proved a good fit at the Nou Camp alongside Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez .
Tottenham have registered their interest in Marseille 's Andre Ayew .  The 25-year-old is out of contract at Marseille and will be available on a free transfer .  Spurs face stiff competition in the race to land the Ghana international .  Mauricio Pochettino is known to be a fan of Ayew .
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working .  They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands .  Some live in shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near fields in Spain .  They claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them .  Firm that supplies salad and vegetables to Marks & Spencer , Waitrose
Joseph T . Brennan Jr . of Norwell , Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials .  Authorities searched the home after an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette .  Police also found the condo of Benjamin Young in Hingham , Massachusetts .  Authorities do not believe the two men had any ties to terrorism .  Brennan
Ana Ivanovic was beaten 7-6 -LRB- 8 / 6 -RRB- 6-4 by France 's Caroline Garcia .  The Serbian fifth seed lost for the third time this year to Garcia .  Ekaterina Makarova beat Bethanie Mattek-Sands of the United States .  Carla Suarez Navarro beat Russia 's Evgeniya Rodina 6-2 6-7 -LRB- 5 / 7 -RRB- .
John Lahiff was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf on Monday .  The 70-year-old was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course .  He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone .  He claims the crocodile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer 's own fault .  The victim has spoken out
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 in the First Utility Super League .  Dom Manfredi scored his side 's first try after 52 seconds .  Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook added a try for the visitors .  Joe Burgess scored a try 10 minutes from the end to break the champions ` resistance .  It was a second successive defeat for the Saints , who began the season under Keiron Cunningham with six
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS , followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus -LRB- HPV -RRB- .  In the UK , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country .  In the US , herpes was the most searched-for term across the country , with Georgia being the state with the most searches for the
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer .  Benaud spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit .  Benaud was on hand to talk viewers through Shane Warne 's first test delivery for Australia in the 1993 Ashes .  Benaud 's final commentary duties for Channel 4 came in the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval in 2005
Australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights .  HomeCamp , which launched in January , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation .  One Sydney-sider Steve York has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings .  Steve listed
Victim , who has not been named , was walking in a subway in Newbury , Berkshire .  Two boys approached him and sprayed highly flammable WD40 over him .  They then threatened to set him alight before producing a lighter .  Police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight .
Sophie Wilson , 17 , performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after he attempted suicide .  She and a friend found him hanging from a tree in Willenhall , Coventry .  The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital in a coma .  His mother Tiffany , 35 , said he had made a ` miracle ' recovery .  Miss Wilson said Bradley had been tormented by a gang for
Dwayne Harvard , 46 , has been charged with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and DUI .  Harvard , from Springdale , Pennsylvania , had an argument with Steven Sutton , 36 , Sunday night and struck Sutton with his 2002 Ford Explorer .  Harvard claims he was furious that Sutton was giving Sutton 's girlfriend , Anna Mazzetti , a ride home .  The two
Apple 's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April .  People can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time -LRB- 8am BST -RRB- on Friday .  It will then go on general sale on 24 April in the US , UK , Australia , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong and Japan .  It is expected to sell a million watches in its first
Passenger on one of the planes filmed the landing at San Francisco Airport .  Both planes touch the tarmac at the same time as they approach the runway .  The planes , one an American Airlines , land on adjacent runways .
Four members of the Kansas City Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl on Thursday .  Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games , and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece .  White Sox pitcher Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each .
Doaa and Umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities .  They were smuggled from Raqqa , Syria , to Turkey after leaving al-Khansa Brigade .  They said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey rules .  Also said they received ` standard ' 40 lashes if they did n't wear proper Islamic dress .  The pair , who are living
Billion Dollar Bully is a documentary about Yelp 's impact on small businesses .  Filmmaker Kaylie Milliken says she 's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they ` ve been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise on the website .  She says the company is doing everything in its power to discredit the documentary before it is released .  The company was founded in 2004 by two
Evansville in Comanche County , Kansas , was once home to post office , grocery store and even school house .  But now , it is a shadow of its former self , with commissary building in state of disrepair .  But , ghost town is still home to two final residents-rancher Larry ` Dee ' Scherich and his wife , Phyllis .  Couple , who live in a house
Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks on the sidelines after being told he needs shoulder surgery .  The 37-year-old New Zealander has not played since the Rhinos ` only defeat at Warrington a month ago .
Lewis Hamilton was attending Nelson Mandela 's 90th birthday party in 2008 .  Hamilton said he stepped on former President Bill Clinton 's foot .  The 30-year-old said he did n't apologise for the incident .
Eagle gate-crashed a football team 's training session in North Vancouver .  The big bird appears to be a golden eagle , giving it a slight peck .  After standing and shaking its head , the bird rolls the ball to the left .  Excited by the movement , it jumps onto the football with both feet .  As the ball rolls away the boys from the North Shore Football
Alastair Cook failed with the bat again on day three of the first Test in Antigua .  The England captain was without an international century for almost two years .  Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many .  England bowled West Indies out for 295 in the first innings at Sir Viv Richards Stadium .  James Tredwell also picked up four wickets
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to national curriculum tests .  31-year-old also altered a number of pupil 's exam answers himself .  Investigation by local education authority found some pupils had changed answers .  Gufficks was later forced to give up his job at Mitton Manor Primary School .  Department for Education annulled the whole school 's SATs results last year .
Jose Mourinho did not rule out a 12,000-mile round trip to Japan .  Chelsea are yet to finalise plans for their pre-season tour .  If a tour goes ahead , the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match , week-long trip .  The proposed tour would also have implications for Chelsea 's South American contingent ahead of the Copa America on June
Austin Carey , 23 , and Jay Rawe , 25 , plummeted 500ft to riverbank .  As they fell Mr Rawe got stuck in Mr Carey 's parachute and the pair got closer to the ground .  Mr Carey , of Fort Wayne , Indiana , was told he may never walk again .  But he recovered to return to the jump this year and has retraced his steps .
James Creag , 11 , has rare condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria .  EPP occurs when there is a build-up of chemical called protoporphyrin in the blood .  This absorbs the energy from sunlight and sets off a chemical reaction .  The skin is more sensitive to longer ultraviolet wavelengths -LRB- UVA -RRB- and to visible light .  James was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen , a thick brown paste which blocks out
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane .  Even after his 12th push-up , the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
Barry McCarthy , 51 , stabbed his ex-wife Lorna McCarthy in the heart last September .  The couple were still sleeping in separate bedrooms in Gorleston-on-Sea , Norfolk .  McCarthy had previously found out his wife was using dating websites .  But he revealed she did not want to try to save the relationship , police said .  McCarthy handed himself into police , telling them he had killed his
The so-called ` blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S. . , Canada , Australia and New Zealand .  The best spot this morning was at the Mississippi River , where spectators caught the entire five minutes of the orb around 5am PT .  The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud 's family a state funeral .  Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer .  Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC .  The former Australia captain became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests .  Shane
Terry Martin , 48 , shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton after she asked for half of his winnings .  The couple got into a heated row about sharing the winnings at their home .  Martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head .  Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later .  Martin was sentenced in July 2012 to
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the Betfred World Championship in Sheffield .  Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Carrington but he was made to battle .  The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round .  Trump is one of the crowd favourites wherever he plays and admits there is
Jeremy Jackson , 34 , was arrested on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake , LA .  Victim told police the man was Hobie-Jackson played Hobie Buchannon on Baywatch .  Jackson played the son of David Hasselhoff 's character on the hit show .  He was released on $ 30,000 bail and has not addressed the arrest on social media .  Jackson left Baywatch , which
James Ward was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley , Lancashire .  The 31-year-old was left with a severed finger and wounds all over his body .  Surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back .  Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children .  He said
A teenage driver lost control of her Mitsubishi Lancer on Thursday night .  The group of five were travelling along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley .  The car crashed into a wheelie bin and collided head-on into a brick wall .  The 17-year-old driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs , forehead and abdomen .  She was transported to Gosford District Hospital in a serious condition .  A young woman
Niamh Geaney , 26 , and Karen Branigan , 29 , discovered they could be identical twins earlier this week .  The Irish pair are n't the only twosome to boast real life doppelgängers .  Liz Hurley , 49 , and Jacqueline Bissett , 70 , and David Gandy , 35 , and soap star Dean Gaffney , 37 , also have similar looks .  Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National .  The 27-year-old finished one-under but had a monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th .  His brother P J Willett tweeted : ` I swapped some switches . Who 's living the dream ? '  Willett qualified by being in the world 's top 50 at the end of last season .
Tiger was chasing a bird at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China .
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase , both 15 , and Kadiza Sultana , 16 , fled to Syria in February .  Begum has forged social media links with three British leaders of al-Khansa brigade .  It is understood the trio are now training with one of ISIS 's notorious female militants .  The al Khansa Brigade is an all-women militia set up by terror group a year ago .  The
Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park , New York , built the snowman in January , when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall .  Since then , the height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March .  But this weekend , his Frosty finally melted in 70-degree temperatures in the area .  The family started a Facebook page asking for ` snownations
Spencer Gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlasch were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder .  When police arrived , Keltsi was found dead in the living room with stab wounds .  The couple 's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room .  The couple were recently divorced and Keltie lived in her
Gordon Brown said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon 's answers are ` all evasion '  Former PM said her party want ` chaos and constitutional crisis ' at Westminster .  He urged ` patriotic Scots ' to vote Labour to end bedroom tax , food bank poverty , zero-hours contracts and the neglect of the NHS .  Mr Brown was speaking during a joint event with local Labour candidate Douglas Alexander
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told all 147 tigers must be handed over by Friday .  Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the treatment of the big cats .
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign .  The campaign stars models from sizes 10 to 20 .  This follows the first leg of the campaign , which launched earlier this month .  It starred models Abbey Clancy , Alice Dellal , 27 , and Foxes , 25 .  Victoria 's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson , 28 , and Amy Sellu , Kate Hislop ,
Zhou Qunfei , 45 , has been named China 's richest woman after Lens Technology went public .  The self-made billionaire 's company supplies protective window glass used in Apple devices .  The former factory girl was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China .  Her mother died when she was five , and her father was made blind after an industrial accident .  She left home
Prosecutors have said Robert Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying Amanda Murphy , 24 , and her fiance , 29-year-old Jason Timmons .  Dellinger was a senior vice president and chief financial officer at PPG Industries Inc . when he left in 2011 because of health problems
Eden Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben , Thomas Muller , Neymar , Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez , according to Gary Neville .  Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are ` in outer space ' by comparison to Hazard .  Former Manchester United right-back says Hazard needs to bully defenders more , become a killer , somebody who gives full-backs nightmares before they play against him `  Hazard will
Nursultan Nazarbayev has won another five year term as president of Kazakhstan .  The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989 .
In 1875 , a railway station was built at Whippingham , the closest point on the line to Osborne House .  Accommodation was built for the stationmaster , as well as waiting rooms with toilets for both ladies and gentlemen .  The building is now a five-bedroom family home , currently on the market for # 625,000 , while the track has become a cycle path .  Victoria died in
The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for 5,000 years .  Their population dwindled until 4,500 years ago , leaving them chronically inbred .  Researchers at the Swedish Museum of Natural History studied the structure of DNA from the Arctic to reproduce exact copies of 14 of the extinct animal 's genes .  These were then integrated into the elephant genome-and functioned as normal DNA
Aston Villa beat QPR 3-2 at Villa Park on Tuesday night .  Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to make the score 2-1 .  Clint Hill and Charlie Austin scored for the home side .  Stan Collymore was pictured leaping out of his seat in the press box .  Villa are 16th in the Premier League table following the result .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .
Jerry Moon 's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes .  They found the body of Robert Petitclerc wrapped in a plastic bag .  The 72-year-old railroad conductor had paid $ 4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis , Washington , according to a lawsuit .  Mr Moon was chronically ill in his final years and began arranging for
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S ` more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday , April 28 .  Bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month .  The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice .
Arsenal and Liverpool fans gather outside the Emirates Stadium in protest .  Ticket prices at the Emirates start from # 64 for the 12.45 pm kick-off .  Supporters say they are ` disgusted ' at the continuing rise of ticket prices .  Protest comes in the aftermath of the announcement of the Premier League 's # 5.14 billion TV rights deal .
Coleen Rooney and Nadine Coyle joined forces with Cancer Research for Race For Life .  The ladies ditch their usual sharply for a Game of Thrones makeover .  The race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer .  Women can take part in 5K , 10K and Pretty Muddy events by going to www . raceforlife . org .
Suma , a 36-year-old orangutan , has arthritis which includes her hips and ankles .  She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 after keepers noticed stiffness in her movements .  Suma was given daily pain medication to help relieve the pain .  Zoo vets were able to give her a full check-up including her ears , teeth and eyes .
Teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven .  Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the National Union of Teachers .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which have 15 minute
Orphaned badger cubs have been nursed back to health by Pauline Kidner .  Nursed originally on milk , custard creams were introduced to see whether the cubs were ready for food .  When they came in eight weeks ago they were 80g-now they ` re 1.1 kg .  The first of the badgers , named Little Star , was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the
Company began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago .  Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to just over # 1.1 billion .  Firm has become Europe 's largest single-price discount retailer .  Profits are expected to be around # 44million as the firm reaps rewards from 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland .  Steve Smith founded Poundland in 1990 then sold
Australian Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days .  He was released in March 2013 after his family managed to raise a ransom .  Under Australian law , the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $ 75,000 in compensation .  But for that to happen , Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a
The form asks ` are you of the white race or of a colored race ? '  Also asks ` do you believe in White Supremacy ? '  The form was purchased at an ephemera show in Delaware by a rare book dealer .  It is ominously titled ` Invisible Empire ' , an alternative name for the clan at the time .  The KKK 's membership peaked in the
Tykeran Hamilton , 25 , borrowed the rented black BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester .  He spotted a friend waiting for a bus and leaned out of the window and shouted ` watch this ' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road .  Moments later , he crashed into cyclist Alan Knight , 64 , who was crossing the road while on his morning paper
Mustafa Kamal 's resignation has been accepted by the International Cricket Council .  Kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladesh 's World Cup defeat to India .  The board confirmed that no replacement would be appointed for the remaining weeks of his term .  The full council will consider the appointment of Mr Najam Sethi as ICC president when it meets in Barbados at the end of June .
Archbishop of Canterbury called on Christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists .  Dr Welby said the killing of Christians over the past year had been a ` wicked ' development .  The Archbishop said their Christian faith meant the martyrs would defeat evil despite ` their cruel deaths , the brutality of their persecution '  The praise of martyrdom was made as Pope
The woman , named only as Ms Zhao , lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks .  Husband Yin Yunfeng spent a week making stir-fried dishes and 1,000 dumplings .  He is stationed in a regiment in Tibet and only gets to go home once a year .
Labour candidate Huw Thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that England flags were for a ` simpleton ' or a ` casual racist '  He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E .  Mr Thomas said he made the comments as ` a young student ' and no longer held those views .  He said people in Ceredigion ` deserve an MP that will
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are both one win away from qualifying for next summer 's Olympic games in Rio .  The Belfast boys will take on native opponents in Maiquetia , northern Venezuela , on Saturday night .  Barnes has boxed 29 rounds in 12 weeks to Conlan 's 28 .  The pair box for the Italia Thunder team , but the sights and sounds of Milan and Rome
More than 20,000 foreign fighters from more than half the countries in the world have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State .  The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory .  Worryingly , the report warned if IS was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could
More than 31 million people are in work after an increase of more than half a million .  The figure is up from 29million in spring 2010 , before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition .  At the same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February , the lowest for almost seven years .  David Cameron said : ` It
Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas , Nevada , on drug possession charges .  Stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews , a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports .  The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA , also known as Molly
Fdamel Falcao has scored just four goals for Manchester United this season .  The Colombian has also failed to have a shot on target in the Premier League .  The striker started in United 's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Saturday .  But he struggled to get involved in the game and lost the ball in the build up to Eden Hazard 's winning goal .
Anderson shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card .  Neto also saw red after appearing to aim an elbow at Anderson .  His team-mate Fabricio was also sent off for swearing at his own fans .
Prince Abdul Malik , 31 , and Dayangku Raabi ` atul ' Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah , 22 , wed in Brunei 's capital , Bandar Seri Begawan .  Prince Malik is the son of the Sultan of Brunei , one of the world 's wealthiest men .  He is second in the line of succession to become the next Sultan of the country .  Today 's ` bersanding '
Singer Melissa Plancarte , whose stage name is Melissa : Cartel Princess , broke into Mexico 's Michoacan state courthouse .  Seen by half a million fans , the clip shows glamorous pop star dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase .  She is daughter of Mexican drug lord Enrique Plancartes , who was in charge of a drugs cartel known for hanging victims by the neck
Diafra Sakho limped off against Stoke on Saturday with a thigh strain .  The 25-year-old striker was sent for scans on Monday amid fears he may have a minor tear .  West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points .  Enner Valencia is also doubtful to face Manchester City at the weekend .
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday 's 3-1 defeat to Morecambe .  The League Two club parted company with the manager at a meeting at the club 's Roko training ground this morning .  Gary Waddock will take caretaker charge of the team ahead of the clash with Stevenage tomorrow .
Saracens came up short against Clermont at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in Saint-Etienne .  Maro Itoje was impressive making his first start in Europe , while the Vunipola brothers were magnificent .  Wesley Fofana and Marcelo Bosch crossed for Saracens .  Naipolini Nalaga denied what should have been a penalty try in the 19th minute .  Sarries scrum half Ludovic Radosavljevic was the star of the game .  Cler Claire will now
Jessica Ennis-Hill believes it is unfair that Tatyana Chernova was banned but allowed to keep her world title .  The Russian athlete failed a drugs test two years before beating the Brit by 129 points in South Korea in 2011 .  The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011 -- 16 days before she beat Ennis .  The
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company 's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in Grandville , Michigan .  ` I would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote .  ` If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons .  But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior .  Photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship , 323 miles from his patch .
The Prince of Wales has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since marrying Camilla .  She was the most hated woman in Britain , loathed for her role in the break-up of the Prince and Princess of Wales ` marriage .  But a recent poll revealed that 56 per cent of Britons credit her with Charles ` increasing popularity .  She has also become a much-loved member of the Royal Family
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League .  Chris Smalling scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute .  United are now third , eight points behind leaders Chelsea .  United face Arsenal in their penultimate league game on Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds ` sporting director .  Salerno is reported in Italy to be lined up to become sporting director at Palermo .  Leeds ` assistant coach Steve Thompson was suspended last week .  Cellino has been banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy .
Robbie Keane 's car karaoke effort was posted on Boy George and the Culture Club Facebook page .  The LA Galaxy striker is sidelined by a groin injury .  Karma Chameleon was the second Culture Club song to go to No 1 in the UK .
Stephanie Scott and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley were married at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra , in New South Wales ` central west region .  On Saturday , the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at her memorial service which was held 275km and three hours ` drive away .  The only sign
Maureen McDonnell 's attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery .  McDonnell and her husband , former Gov . Bob McDonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc . . CEO Jonnie Williams .  Among the gifts were almost
Ed Miliband has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings .  The Labour leader has taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories .  It is the biggest Labour lead in a Survation poll since February .
Remains of Anna Ragin , 65 , were removed from the Bay Area property on April 4 .  Authorities said the home was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered .  Neighbors said the mother had not been seen for years .  Archibald Ragin lived at the property but died 15 years ago at the age of 101 .  Carolyn
Ivan Carlos , 22 , and 18-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30 am Wednesday when the driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the Park 's fence , killing the couple .  The driver , Christian Crawford , 35 , who had recently been released from prison , was
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange .  Ahead of an anticipated run-in , if not a formal meeting , this weekend in at the seventh Summit of the Americas , the two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second , known time in as many years .  Apart
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin ` Donuts in Hanover , Maryland .  An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area .  The woman , 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover , died at the scene .
Switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed .  Britons are happier now than they were two years ago , but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place .  The list is dominated by European nations , particularly those in Scandinavia , and measures a country
Bergen-Belsen was the final resting place of 50,000 Jews , Gypsies , homosexuals , Nazi opponents and those with disabilities .  It was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945 , and at least part of that suffering was destroyed forever .  The images were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons , who was one of a handful of British Army chaplains who helped liberate the camp .
Health officials say 100 people have been affected by ` winter vomiting bug '  Owner James Kimber says it is virus-free and vows to steam clean the hotel .  The 41-room Cooden Beach Hotel in Bexhill-on-Sea , East Sussex .
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor -LRB- 1.30 pm -RRB- .  Clarets defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention for the clash .  Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after resuming training .  Hugo Lloris will miss Tottenham 's clash with Burnley due to a knee injury .  Full-back Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up .  Roberto Soldado is another concern
Loushanna Craig , 37 , had gone to Tenerife with her husband Shawn for three-day holiday .  They were on a trip to the volcanoes when Mr Craig 's wallet was stolen .  The mother-of-four , who has a Jamaican passport , had her biometric ID card stolen .  She was due to return to the UK on March 9 , but she only arrived on March 24 .  Ryanair
From Jungle Juice and Caribou Lou to Negroni , Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac , Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world .  The 10 cocktails are made from three types of rum , lime juice , falernum , Angostura bitters , Pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice .  The Zombie was concocted in the 1930s by Donn Beach , a restaurant owner
Scottish National Party has extended its lead over Labour , polling showed .  Jim Murphy , Labour 's Scottish leader , and Douglas Alexander , its chief election strategist , are among those on course to lose their seats .  The nationalists are also on course .  to wipe out the Liberal Democrats in Scotland .  Survey of eight constituencies , by Lord Ashcroft , revealed swings to the SNP
The Portland , Oregon-based band , which plays a kind of .  grunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock , applied for .  trademarks in 2010 and 2011 , and was rejected both times on the .  grounds the name disparaged Asians .  The band argued that in acting as a ` referee of political correctness , ' the U.S. . Patent and Trademark Office violated the .  The three-judge
Matthew Colvin , 26 , was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven , Mississippi , and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday .  The Rock ` n ' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses , valued at more than $ 2,000 , had been taken out of a display case during business hours .  Colvin faces up to 12 years in prison
Bournemouth are set to expand their Goldsands Stadium capacity .  The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner between the South Stand and the East Stand .  Manager Eddie Howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind the goal .  Premier League rules state that clubs must provide at least 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away fans .
Rory McIlroy is the favourite to win the Masters next week .  The world No 1 is 103 places above Tiger Woods in the world rankings .  The pair will line up against each other in the year 's first major on Thursday .  ` Ripple ' is a new two-minute video created by Nike 's sponsors Nike .  It charts the rise from child prodigy to world 's best
Replica of 18th Century French navy frigate L ` Hermione set sail for the United States on Saturday .  Lafayette crossed the Atlantic in 1780 to tell friend George Washington that France was sending a strong military force to help American revolutionaries .  The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort , where both vessels were built
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Activists broke into Wagner 's Poultry Farm in Coldstream , Victoria , in March .  They found the hens emaciated and dying , with a mangled beak looking forlornly out of their cages .  The hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages as they were in desperate need of veterinary care .  The owner of the
Boobesh Palani , 26 , passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side .  He was known to a New Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name .  Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify him .  The man , who was
18-month-old Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma , Arizona at 9.45 am on Friday .  Their mother , Alexis , was trying to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller , police said .  The boys were pulled from the water by a U.S. . Marine Corps helicopter and taken to hospital where they were pronounced dead .  A Go Fund
Inverness Caley Thistle beat Celtic 3-2 in their Scottish Cup semi-final .  Josh Meekings was charged over a handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort .  FIFA 's head of referees Jim Boyce says the SFA are ` entirely wrong ' in their move to ban the defender .  Boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants .  Inverness is appealing
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own ` health service '  The video features an Australian doctor , known as Abu Yusuf al-Australi .  The doctor is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit .  It is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert .  The video also features an Indian physiologist called Abu Muqatil al-Hindi .  The doctor encourages more doctors
Ruby Walsh warned the field that Balthazar King was receiving treatment .  The two-time winner of the National acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide .  The gelding was able to walk away from his fall on the first circuit .
More than 140 children have been removed from their classes in Spokane , Washington .  They could not prove they had legally required vaccinations , which includes measles .  Health officials have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a pandemic .  They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died .  Around 700 students in the
Soft-poached quail egg , confit of tomato and deep fried polenta on offer at staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley 's headquarters in Blagdon , North Somerset .  The canteen 's menu changes daily depending on what produce they get in and includes beef burger with tomato , gherkins and red onion in brioche bun with skinny fries for just # 4 .  Chef Paul Collins , who has
The blue-eyed Australian doctor who features in the latest IS propaganda video has been identified as Tareq Kamleh .  He calls on foreign medics to travel to ISIS stronghold in Raqqa to help launch the ISHS -LRB- the Islamic State Health Service -RRB- .  It was revealed he completed his medical degree at Adelaide University .  A university student who knew him , but did not want to be named
Leeds Rhinos beat Castleford 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle in the First Utility Super League .  Captain Kevin Sinfield has announced he is to switch codes at the end of 2015 .  Castleford have beaten Wigan and Catalans Dragons in Sinfield 's absence .  Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career .  Liam Sutcliffe , Jamie Peacock and Adam Cuthbertson crossed for Leeds
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday .  Mesut Ozil was at his best against Liverpool .  People have been quick to criticise Ozil , but the German star is worth paying to watch .  Eden Hazard is the man Chelsea need when they need something special .  Lionel Messi has 43 goals this season and Cristiano Ronaldo has 17 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest
Florent Malouda has picked his # one2eleven players on Sky Sports ` Fantasy Football Club .  The former Chelsea winger picked Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech to start in between the sticks for his Fantasy XI .  The Frenchman also picked Ashley Cole , Eric Abidal and Ashley Cole .  The former Blues winger won the Barclays Premier League in 2010 and 2012 Champions League with Chelsea .  He also picked
Tom Carroll scored the winning goal for England Under 21s against Czech Republic .  The midfielder is expected to be out for between four and six weeks .  The 22-year-old midfielder is on loan from Tottenham .  Swansea resume their Premier League campaign against Hull City on Saturday .
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona .  Sevilla coach Unai Emery has led the club to fifth in the table .  The 43-year-old has overseen a ` clear upwards trend ' , according to Vicente Iborra .  After a run of five straight victories they are well placed to secure at least a Europa League berth .  They may pip Atletico Madrid and Valencia
John Agar told FBI in 1969 to think twice because Temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way '  He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much .  His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple 's defense and called her a ` very courageous woman of the highest morals '
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday night .  Juan Mata scored a fantastic brace to give Louis van Gaal 's side a 2-0 lead .  United captain Wayne Rooney feels they are on course to qualify for the Champions League .  Rooney and his team-mates only returned home from international duty on Wednesday afternoon after a technical fault on the England team plane delayed their departure from
Twelve-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to Stagecoach depot in Dover , Kent .  Driver was forced to ask passengers , colleagues and locals to help him .  Seven members of public and bus company teamed up and managed to move bus .  Bus weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants and can carry up to 80 passengers .
Lelisa Desisa , 25 , of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute .  Desisa donated his medal to the city after the 2013 Boston bombings .  His countryman Yemane Adhane Tsegay was second with 2 : 09 : 48 in mid-40s weather , and Wilson Chebet of Kenya took third
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge .  Eden Hazard put Chelsea ahead from the penalty spot in the first half .  Charlie Adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half .  Thibaut Courtois -LRB- 5.5 -RRB- looked cool when called into action and was able to clear the danger as Stoke tried to cross their way into the lead in
Brett Robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible '  A judge rejected her
Quinton ` Rampage ' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator .  Jackson takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night .  The former light-heavyweight champion admits he has been through the wringer .
Blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest .  It collected moss , grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light .  The bird then lines it with feathers , fur or wool so it is ready for laying .  Jeanette Rosenquist , 47 , spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post .  She said : ` I was
Mark Lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand .  He was attacked by nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in Seoul last month .  The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery .  He is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand .  The brace was created by Seoul 's Severance Hospital and he
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach , California , filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home .  Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs .  At one point Stella places one hand by Boo 's mouth-but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back .  Even when her
Video shows ISIS supporters , calling themselves Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen .  They say they have established a ` caliphate ' in the country 's capital , Sanaa .  The group in the video , which calls themselves soldiers , began to emerge last year .  It is believed that their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- .  Last month
Travel does n't come cheap , but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it .  House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation .  Bloggers Dalene and Peter Heck were recognised with
Tola Ore , 32 , fitted a keyboard video mouse to her Santander computer .  The device allowed fraudsters to remotely access the workstation to transfer cash .  Ore is eight-months pregnant and only took part because the gang threatened her daughter .  She admitted one count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial .  She is due to be sentenced later this morning
Palermo host Udinese in the Italian Serie A on Sunday .  Roberto Vitiello feels his side need to bounce back after a poor run of form .  Palermo have not won away from home since November 2 when they won 2-0 at AC Milan .  They have picked up just two points in their last six league games .
Madonna posted image of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on Instagram today .  She captioned it with : ` Thank you Margaret Thatcher ' , followed by ` # unapologetic # rebelheart ' and a love heart .  Some fans reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned ` promoting ' homosexuality in 1988 .  Madonna , who has a large gay fanbase , was named one of the greatest
Entertainment reporter Richard Wilkins , 60 , made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli to discover more of his grandfather .  George William Thomson , a qualified dentist , served as part of the New Zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies .  Wilkins broke down as he retraced his grandfather 's footsteps on the eve of the centenary commemorations .  The TV presenter has had almost 30 years of dealing with
Rochelle Holmes , 26 , ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week .  Spent # 30 a week on pizzas and kebabs and never learned to cook a proper meal .  Was so overweight she became out of breath walking up stairs .  Was told she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23 due to bad habits .  Decided to lose weight and quit
Victoria Beckham posted a pic of her husband David on Instragram .  The # grannyhair trend is still going strong for women the world over .  But it seems men will always hold the crown for rocking the grey look .  From old-school stars surfing the silver quiff to salt-and-peppered Hollywood hunks , men are getting more and more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look .  FEMAIL takes a look
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history .  Jose Mourinho 's side have led the way since beating Everton on August 30 .  The Blues have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10 .  Manchester United held the record for 262 days during the 1993 / 94 Premiership season .
# 1million ` crash for cash ' scam took place between October 2010 and January 2012 .  Crashs involved cars and vans being driven into the side of a bus .  In each case , the driver of the car would admit full liability , allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims .  Ringleader John Smith , 45 , from Connah 's Quay ,
Proposals came after increase in home fires and blasts linked to hash oil .  In Colorado , at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions .  Washington 's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or edibles at home .  It technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state-licensed store to make brownies .  Washington lawmakers are
Cpl . Burt Hazeltine , 36 , was directing school buses on US 90 in the town of Paradis , just west of New Orleans .  A male suspect , later identified as 56-year-old Paul Devillier , was arrested a short time later after a brief ` tussle ' with officers .  Hazeltine was shot three times in the face , elbow and eye .  Hazeltine is believed to have
Harry Kane won the PFA Young Player of the Year on Sunday .  The 21-year-old beat off stiff competition to win the award on Sunday .  Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season .  He also scored on his senior England debut .  Kane came through the White Hart Lane club 's youth ranks .  It was n't until this season that he broke into
Bradley Johnson scored the only goal of the game in the 62nd minute at the Amex Stadium .  Nathan Redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he scored the winning goal .  Cameron Jerome was brought down by Gordon Greer in the second half .  It was the Canaries ` first Premier League win of the season and they have won just one of their last
Mirko ` Cro Crop ' Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday .  Cro Cop lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70 .  But he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory .  Filip Crop admits revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the fight .  Gonzag says he does not
No 1 ranked Chad Mendes and No 4 ranked Ricardo Lamas take on Jose Aldo in Fairfax , Virginia .  Mendes ` only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king and Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year .  It is Aldo 's opponent , Irishman McGregor , who has dominated conversation in the lead up to
Gloucester defeated Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie .  Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster 's England squad .  The Gloucester winger is hoping to get over being dropped by England .  Gloucester face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1 .  May was overlooked for the last three rounds of the RBS 6 Nations .
Temperatures set to peak today at 22C -LRB- 72F -RRB- tomorrow .  It will be the warmest temperature recorded this year and surpass the average daytime temperature for August .  That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7 C -LRB- 69F -RRB- on Easter Sunday in Aboyne , Aberdeenshire .  The weather will stay mostly dry and sunny for the
Edinson Cavani looks set to stay at Paris Saint-Germain .  Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan forward .  But the striker insists there is ` too much talk ' about his future at Old Trafford .  Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker this summer .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Daniel Williams , from Toronto , used a GoPro camera to capture his office job .  He filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes to stuffing envelopes .  The 90-second clip is titled ` Boring Office Job Gopro Commercial '  It shows Mr Williams stapling , photocopying and even going to the bathroom .  Mr Williams said he came up with the idea while working for a real estate company
Hillary Clinton claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents ` came over ' from other countries , but only one was born outside the US .
Pregnant woman and her partner were stranded off the coast of Kent .  Her partner tied a rope around himself and dived under to retrieve a flare .  Alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point .  HM Customs cutter Valiant was able to locate the upturned vessel within minutes .
The fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade on May 11,1985 claimed 56 people and injured 265 .  Stuart McCall returned to his car to find the door handle was burning hot .  The 21-year-old midfielder has always declared himself and his father the fortunate ones .  Martin Fletcher 's book Fifty-Six , published on Thursday , says the fire was just one of at least nine fires at businesses
If anyone won this debate it was the women .  Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors ` puppets performing .  In his après-Paxman mode , David Cameron was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma .  Clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage , ie a complete re-run of his
Agnese Klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist in September last year .  Older sister Gunta has made emotional video appeal for information on her whereabouts .  She said : ` If anyone knows anything about her whereabouts , please provide us with this information '  Westley Capper , 37 , and pal Craig Porter , 33 , were summoned to court on Monday .
Mark Carney spotted jogging in London 's Hyde Park with high-tech running belt .  The governor of the Bank of England was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt .  The belt also features a zip pocket for storing high-carb energy gel packs .  Mr Carney is known to be a keen sportsman and likes to keep fit .
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton for Tottenham last year .  The Argentine is returning to St Mary 's for the first time since signing a five-year deal .  Fans are campaigning to show support for Koeman and his brother .  They are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of the usual red and white club colours .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news .
Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen , Sweden .  The brain child of Finnish extreme sports group , Stunt Freak Team , the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights .  They used wood from an old truck bed , a tandem parachute and of course , duct tape , the group managed to
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates .  The fish woo females with long , rhythmical boatwhistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals .  Portuguese scientists discovered that the sounds made by the fish indicate who they are , their motivation and information about their nest .  They analysed the frequencies of different songs .  Water
Twitter users are editing Ed Miliband 's face on to famous men 's bodies .  They include Marlon Brando , Harry Styles and Neil Armstrong .  Comes after he gained a reputation for appearing in awkward pictures .  Account says in bio : ` Politics should n't be about who 's cool and who is n't '  But some branded it ` hilarious ' and ` so funny ' ,
The brothel , formerly known as Club 417 , was once owned by Wei Tang .  She was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves .  The building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy will go under the hammer on May 1 .  It has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and
Researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins .  Identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos .  But as they age different life experiences create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the DNA .  This could be caused by smoking
Model joins singer Foxes , 25 , Victoria 's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson , 28 , and model Alice Dellal , 27 , in the new series of pictures for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer .
Justin Rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at Augusta .  The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place .  He is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader Jordan Spieth .  Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from
Prime Minister says Scottish nationalists ` do n't want the UK to succeed '  Says SNP will prop up a minority Labour administration in hope government would be a ` disaster '  Lib Dem Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accuses PM of ` playing with fire '  Claims ill-feeling will only fuel support for next year 's Scottish Parliament elections .  Survation poll puts Conservatives three points ahead on 33 per
Jenson Button broke down in qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix .  The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid .  Button was forced to watch from the sidelines .
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final .  Mario Mandzukic was battered and bruised during the first leg .  The Croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos .  The striker also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss Saturday 's 2-1 win at Deportivo La Coruna .
The BBC 's online game , Syrian Journey , is available on the BBC website .  Players are tasked with escaping Syria and making it into Europe .  Game often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia .  Twitter users reacted furiously to the game , which appeared on BBC website last Wednesday .  One wrote : ` WTF is this from the BBC ,
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit .  The boxer was photographed taking the scales for the WBC 's mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight with Manny Pacquiao .  Both men will weigh-in again seven days before the fight , when they must be within five per cent of the limit .  The pair will go head-to-head in a $ 300million
Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday .  Former Real Madrid and Inter Milan midfielder Esteban Cambiasso scored in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up .  Cheikhou Kouyate equalised for the Hammers around the half-hour .  Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table .  It was the Foxes ` first win in nine league matches and cut the
A car crashed into a Geelong house leaving a baby girl in an induced coma .  The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children 's Hospital in Melbourne .  The driver , a 20-year-old Grovedale man , is under police guard in Geelong Hospital and is yet to be questioned .  A man and a woman in their 20s , who were in the bedroom at the time of
William Smith hanged himself four months after his mother , Alison Overton , died .  The 14-year-old had ` settled back in well ' at school following her death .  On the day of his death , he asked his grandmother to bring him chicken nuggets as a lunchtime treat .  When his grandmother returned he was horrified to find his grandson had died .  Coroner said the teenager had
Sierra Pippen , 20 , charged with public urination and public intoxication .  She allegedly urinated in the lobby of a Sheraton hotel in Iowa City , Iowa .  She was ` wearing two bar wristbands ' even though she is underage .
British jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks across the border .  One fighter tweeted a picture of a Burger King Whopper burger .  Another photo showed several packs of Pringles , Kinder chocolate , Oreos , M & M s and even pre-mixed mojitos .  Four Britons were detained in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross illegally into Syria were arrested yesterday .  One of the
Phoenix Mercury standout player Brittney Griner , 24 , and her fiancee Glory Johnson , both 24 , were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon .  The pair were booked into jail but were later released from jail .  Johnson 's sister , Judy Johnson , called police to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the
A mother has released images of her teenage son who was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night .  Kat Lee 's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward .  A group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog .  Police said the assault took place at
Khloe , 30 , has revealed she 's lost 13 pounds in three months .  The reality star has been showing off her workouts in a series of Instagram posts .  The ex-wife of Lamar Odom has revealed the secret to her toned down figure .  The Kardashian is looking better than ever thanks to a grueling exercise regime .  She has also overhauled her wardrobe and embraces figure hugging
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily-and 25 % admit they are online constantly .  household incomes can influence which social network children use-with Instagram and Snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families .  Among African-American teens , 34 percent reported going online ` almost constantly ' as did 32 percent of Hispanic youth and 19 percent of white teens .
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players .  Harry Kane , Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of the club 's youth system .  Pochetino says it is Hugo Lloris ` ambition to play Champions League football with Tottenham .  The Frenchman has previously spoken of his desire to play in the Champions League .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news
Maria Sharapova has been forced to pull out of Russia 's Fed Cup semi-final with a leg injury .  Venus Williams has pulled out of the USA 's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons .  Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , Svetlana Kuznetsova and Elena Vesnina have all been picked for Russian .  Russia captain Anastasia Myskina is now having to find a replacement for the Russian number one .
James Anderson will play his 100th Test match in Antigua on Monday .  Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England 's top Test wicket taker .  Anderson ` would n't say boo to a goose ' says his old county captain Warren Hegg .  Anderson played for Burnley CC , which produced more than its share of first-class cricketers .  When he was
Prime Minister visited King 's Leadership Academy in Warrington ahead of debate .  Ukip leader Nigel Farage said he was feeling ` pretty good ' ahead of TV test .  But later played down idea of physical violence , saying : ` It was a joke . There 'll be no bodily contact tonight '  Mr Cameron faces prospect of having to defend Tory-led government .  He was accused by
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years ` probation after he and his accomplice robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray 's Louisville home in April 2013 .  In victim impact statement 's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace , the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still ` in constant fear of black men '  ` If holding
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero , 21 , were involved in a head-on collision on Easter Monday .  The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident .  Her devastated family in Italy cannot afford to bring her home .  They have started a crowdfunding appeal on ` Go Fund Me ' to raise up to $
Mohammed Khubaib , 43 , befriended girls and ` hooked ' them with vodka .  He wanted to make them ` compliant ' to sexual advances , trial heard .  He would pursue his interest ` away from his home and family ' , using restaurant as ` focal point '  Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by plying them with alcohol .  He was found guilty of forcing
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee about 8.30 am on Wednesday .  Her husband , Sabino Matera , posted a Facebook plea on Wednesday evening .  ` Jessica is safe and at home . Found . Thank you , ' Mr Matera posted on his Facebook page .  The 37-year-old had been visiting family in Melbourne during the Easter break before returning to Sydney on Tuesday
Queen Letizia , 42 , visited science museum , CosmoCaixa , in Barcelona .  Wore a suit with blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch .  Wore Prada stilettos and a grey wool coat over a sleeveless black dress .  Was at the opening of second congress for rare childhood diseases .  Schoolchildren and fans clamoured for her attention holding out smartphones .  The mother-of-two even took selfies with schoolchildren outside
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Old Trafford on Saturday .  Ander Herrera opened the scoring for the Red Devils in the 43rd minute .  Marouane Fellaini doubled United 's lead in the 80th minute with a fine right-footed effort .  Wayne Rooney added a second in the 79th minute to give United a 2-0 lead .  Benteke made it 2-1 with a long-range
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge .  The tiny island is secluded in the ocean , but Padstow and Truro are nearby to offer fish and chips or Michelin star dining .  The island has a master suite bedroom , a day bed and a four-size bedroom with a bath and overhead shower
Reigning champion Novak Djokovic came back from a set down to reach the quarter-finals of the Miami Open .  Alexandr Dolgopolov , ranked 65th in the world , beat the Serbian 6-7 -LRB- 3 / 7 -RRB- 7-5 6-0 .  David Ferrer beat Gilles Simon to book his place in the last eight .  British number one Andy Murray and fourth seed Kei Nishikori are also through .  Tomas Berdych
James Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham 's record of 384 Test wickets .  The 32-year-old took the wicket on the final day of the first Test in Antigua .  Anderson said he is ` convinced ' he can still improve as a bowler .  Anderson said : ` I ' m quite relieved the record is out of the way and I can concentrate on doing my job for the
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell , Oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s .  At the time he converted the property , he had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel .  The four-bedroom home is now on the market for # 599,000 .  At The Manor , artists using The Manor included Sandy Denny , The
Samantha Crossland stole # 22,642 from the Child 's Play nursery in West Yorkshire .  The 30-year-old was given a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work .  Crossland 's parents , Susan and Michael , won # 1.2 million on the lottery in 2008 .  The mother-of-four 's mother , Lynda Quigley , said the money had been repaid in full .  Crossland , of Mirfield , West
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages .  The Togolese striker is out of favour under Mauricio Pochettino .  The 31-year-old has made just nine league starts for Spurs this season .  The striker will be made available for loan or a permanent move .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Haley Fox , 24 , of Oregon , allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday .  Fox and Campbell , of Adger , Alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .  Fox told investigators that she decided to hurt Campbell because she did n't want to be his girlfriend .
Sex by Numbers : What statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week .  Author , David Spielgalhalter , a Cambridge University professor , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality .  Scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found surprising results .  Most men fall within just a
1,500 migrants rescued by Italian navy and coast guard ships in less than 24 hours .  Rescues made as figures show 43 % increase in arrivals into EU .
More than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for the advert to be pulled .  It features a model in a bikini with the question : ` Are you beach body ready ? '  The advert has been put up in a number of London Underground stations .  It has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners .  Katie Hopkins has waded into the
Jose Mourinho left Real Madrid in 2013 amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players including Iker Casillas , Sergio Ramos and Pepe .  But Alvaro Arbeloa says Real 's door will never be closed to bringing the Portuguese boss back as boss .  The right back has made 25 first-team appearances for the club this season .  Arbaloa says he has spoken with the Chelsea manager as recently as last
Celtic have announced that they will erect a bronze statue of Billy McNeill .  The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way .  It will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as a player and manager .  As a player , he won nine consecutive league championship titles , seven Scottish Cups , six League Cups
Steve Simonsen placed bets on a total of 50 games over a year .  The 35-year-old served a one-game ban after breaking the rules .  SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision .  Simonsen 's legal team have confirmed he will not face a further suspension .  The Scottish FA 's appeal was rejected by an appellate tribunal .
Robert Bates , a 73-year-old reserve deputy , says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody .  He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted .  On Monday Glanz said he did n't believe reports that Bates ` training records were falsified and
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis .  The 26-year-old took to rugby as a youngster to battle the disease .  Charles has so far earned four caps for the Wallabies .  He is in with an outside chance of making Michael Chieka 's World Cup squad .
Many teenagers are tempted to try e-cigarettes , but few adopt the electronic devices as habit , a new study has found .  Cardiff University study found most of those teens who do try e ` cigarettes are also smokers .  This suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits-nor are they getting hooked on them after initially trying them .  Researchers examined
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title during two spells with Chelsea .  Former defender Paulo Ferreira believes his countryman 's desire to succeed at Stamford Bridge knows no bounds .  The 36-year-old would like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at the club .
Steven Gerrard looked glum after being knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa .  The Liverpool captain spent the evening at Boujis nightclub in Kensington .  He knew he would end his final year at Anfield without a trophy .  Sunday 's loss means there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on May 30 .  Chelsea 's victory over Manchester United in the Barclays Premier
Andrew ` Drew ' Butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez .  Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off .  Butler dragged her body from the driver 's seat and left it on the road .  He then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby .  Family have since set up a GoFundMe page to
In June , It 's ` made today , sold today ' slogan deemed misleading by the Federal Court .  Coles was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough .  The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $ 300 million for Coles .
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from Harrods .  The 24-year-old has been told he is ` surplus to requirements ' by Blackpool boss Lee Clark .  The former Celtic defender was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work .  Blackman claimed it would disrupt his search for a new club .  Blackman has played just three Championship games for the Tangerines this season
Konstantin Sivkov , a Russian military analyst , has said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the US .  He wrote a column in the Military-Industrial Courier that Russia needs a small force of megaweapons to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies .  He said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat to the US ,
Boeing has filed a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system '  The inflatable pillow looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest .  The chest cushion supports the passenger 's chest in a natural , forward-leaning motion .  Although a patent was filed , Boeing tells MailOnline Travel that no further information is currently available .
Chad Geyen , a married father of two from Ramsey , Minnesota , was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .  He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 .  He was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct .
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid on Tuesday .  Marca led with : ` The Oblak Wall ' , while AS claim that Real could have settled the tie in the first half , ` ... but Oblaks said no '  Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday night .  Neymar will start for Barcelona , despite his reaction to being substituted against Sevilla
Eden Hazard leads the way as Chelsea beat Manchester United .  Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis ` West Bromwich Albion side gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace .  Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley , Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City 's late surge against Swansea City .  Seamus Coleman was key to Everton 's win over Burnley ,
A U . S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation said at a public hearing it does n't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans .  Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch , a standard which on some airlines has decreased .  Many economy seats on United Airlines have 30 inches of room , while some airlines offer as
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years .  Kolo Toure said Steven Gerrard was ` sad ' after the defeat .  But he also felt sorry for Liverpool 's fans and said they deserved to have a trophy .  The former England captain
Sebastian Thrun , who founded Google 's X laboratory , said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition .  But he said that , much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers , the same may soon be true for full personalities .  ` Perhaps we can get to the point where we can outsource our own personal experiences entirely into a computer-and possibly
Mark Hamill , who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films , said he had some reservations about J.J. . Abrams , the chosen director for The Force Awakens .  The 63-year-old Star Wars veteran was ` cleared ' to tell the packed house that he did record a voiceover specifically for the new teaser trailer , which debuted on Thursday .  Hamill was caught off guard when
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency-the only food it imports is milk .  The soil is very fertile , the vegetables , fruit and salads are the glossiest you 'll ever see .  Exotic fruit-mangoes , star fruit , passion fruit , melon and skin-up -- are the stars of the summer .  The Beach Cabana at Mount Cinnamon serve strong cocktails made with local rum at
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis .  The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the club 's youth set-up .  He rejected a move to Barcelona 's La Masia academy when he was 12 .
No less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were English . of those , 10 were Mancunian .  Callum Gribbin was the matchwinner for Manchester United with a delightful free-kick .  The result leaves United , who have won two of this year 's cross-town clashes , two points behind leaders Middlesbrough with a game in hand .  Injury-ravaged City have only won one of
The video , titled ` We Will Burn America ' , calls on supporters to attack the U.S. . on its own soil .  Claims America ` thinks it 's safe ' because of its geographical location .  Also shows news footage which emerged in the wake of French gunman Amedy Coulibaly 's rampage , in which he pledged alleigance to ISIS .  Also shows mass beheadings and the burning
Andy Murray 's coaching arrangement with Amelie Mauresmo is shrouded in doubt .  The Scot confirmed that they will take a prolonged break from each other after Wimbledon .  The plan is for Mauremo to work with him up until Wimbledon , although by then she will be in the latter stages of pregnancy .  The 27-year-old Scot parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc -LRB- UTMB -RRB- on a whim .  She 's since gone on to become Britain 's most distinctive female ` ultra runner '  The 29-year-old would be covering almost the same distance as that between her birthplace in the London suburbs and Southampton , where she was studying for a PhD in environmental science .  ultra runner , taking gold in the
Durham University scientists studied a ` clump ' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy-suggesting it interacts with itself .  This is despite appearing to account for 85 per cent of the universe 's mass and having an observable effect on galaxies : without dark matter , our galaxies would ` fall apart ' as they spin .  From this they deduced there must be an
Estate agents were invited to value a house in Enfield as part of Sky Living 's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama , The Enfield Haunting .  The house was rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost .  Cameras are installed the walls and members of the team monitor the hilarious reactions .  One agent leaps into the air and retract his arms
Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12 : 30 am on Friday on a residential street in D.C. .  He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and destruction of property .  He was posted with the Foreign Missions Branch of the Secret Service .
Gemma , 34 , has expanded her plus-size clothing range for Evans .  Seven new curves-flattering tops and blouses have been added .  Says she started the collection because she wanted to show curvy women how to embrace their curves .  Cites Beth Ditto , Oprah Winfrey and Dawn French as her muses .  Reveals she loves her tips for how women can flatter themselves in spring .  Says :
Japanese photographer Yâki Aoyama has created father-daughter portraits .  The 37-year-old 's images are said to be part of a book called Daughter and Salary Man .
Celtic could win the Scottish Premiership title against Aberdeen on May 10 .  The Parkhead side face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night .  The possibility emerged after the SPFL unveiled their post-split fixtures .  Celtic have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone .  St Mirren will begin their quest to leapfrog Ross County out of the play-off spot with a local Friday night derby against Hamilton .
Steve Spowart dived into the freezing water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses .  The horses were stranded at her stud farm in Woodberry , in Maitland in the Hunter Region of New South Wales .  The animals ` owner , Sonia Sharrock , praised her ' absolutely amazing ` brother-in-law for his incredible feat .  The horses live just 500m from her house , which is
James Moody , 24 , died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage .  He was seen on deck all night , helping passengers into the lifeboats .  After the collision , Moody was on night watch and refused to go himself .  He received a call from one of the lookouts at 11.40 pm saying ` Iceberg , right ahead ! '  The man replied :
Over several hours on Sunday afternoon , a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray , 25 , who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries .  Earlier in the day , a pastor at Gray 's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19
Dr Habeeb Latheef , 48 , is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients .  The Indian-born doctor allegedly put his penis in patients ` grips .  He put items in their grip , such as a pen and a key , to measure sensitivity .  One woman suspected he was also using his penis and turned to see him doing up his zip .  The alleged offences came to
The Bouvier 's red colobus monkey was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago .  It was discovered in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo .  Primatologists have captured the first ever picture of the monkey .  Their discovery proves that the primate-which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens-is not extinct .  Researchers now hope to study the
Scientists at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more-a recognised measure of obesity .  They found obese people fall into one of six categories : .
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for # 2.1 million .  St Etienne have an option to make the deal permanent for # 1.5 million .  The 25-year-old has two years left on his contract at Cardiff .  He will return to Carrow Road at the end of the season .
Rafael Benitez is out of contract with Napoli this summer .  The Spaniard has won 12 trophies with Valencia , Liverpool , Inter Milan , Chelsea and Napoli .  Manchester City , Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes .  Steve McClaren is destined for the role at St James ` Park .  The 55-year-old 's ideal is to return to England and his Wirral home .
Beth Hall , 24 , from Cambridge , began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 .  Would live on just 10 calories a day-or go three days without eating a single thing .  Determined to lose weight , she would often go for up to three days .  But after years of turmoil , she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic .  At 4st 13lbs
Charlie Sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading 's Madejski Stadium .  The 20-year-old did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time .  The Reading fan , whose team were 3-0 up at the time , was tackled by stewards .  He is facing a three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .  The order , due to be decided on April 30
Hiroshi Ueda invented the ` extender stick ' in 1983 while working for Minolta .  He said he came up with the idea after struggling to take pictures with his wife .  The stick was designed for use with new compact cameras at the time .  Now a next-generation stick that can grasp a tablet as well as a mobile phone .  The supersized stick is available on the website
Nyia Parler , 41 , allegedly dumped her son , 21 , in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday with nothing but a bible and a blanket .  The man was found next to his wheelchair and exposed to wild animals , police said .  She was initially charged with aggravated assault , kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person , and police have now added attempted murder to
Time lapse footage captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe , the Jungfrau .  The 9km long electrified track leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch .
Mohamed Yattara and Alexandre Lacazette scored in the second half .  Lyon beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday .  French champions Paris Saint-Germain are second two points off the pace .
Hull City have reapplied to the FA for permission to change the club 's name .  The original request was blocked by the FA council by 47 votes to 27 .  Owner Assem Allam is keen on changing the name despite fans ` anger .  An arbitration panel has ruled that Allam can make another application .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Hull City news .
Tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day .  Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up .  Some people misspelt hashtags such as # leastweforget , # lessweforgt or # letsweforgest .  Others posted meaningful captions for the fallen soldiers but their photos
Authorist Ann Rule , 84 , has been accused of defrauding and bullying her two sons into giving them more than $ 125,000 , according to court documents .  Andrew Rule , 54 , is accused of bullying her into giving him $ 23,327 .  Michael Rule , 51 , is also accused of forging his mother 's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to
Doodle Diary of a New Mom : An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy 's First Year chronicles the first year of parenthood .  Illustrator Lucy Scott , from Edinburgh , created the book after looking back at her own experience of the entire first year .  The ` doodle diary ' captures everything from a baby 's first lunch out , to a spot-on depiction of the constant sleep deprivation
Chelsea have announced a partnership with wellness solutions provider Technogym .  The technology has kitted out Chelsea 's Cobham training centre with the latest state-of-the-art equipment .  Jose Mourinho 's side are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals .  Kurt Zouma , Nemanja Matic and Juan Cuadrado have been pictured being put through their paces .  Cesar Azpilicueta and Branislav Ivanovic have also
Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in Istanbul in 2000 .  A minute 's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday .  Wesley Sneijder has apologised for unwittingly launching his knife range in Galatasaray colours .  The striker later deleted the tweet on the morning of the match .
Canadian tourist Charlene Fritz , 35 , was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula as part of an expedition .  The elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old , but at a whopping 200lbs , Ms Fritz still struggled to reciprocate the hug .  Elephant seal pups are abandoned by their mothers at just one month to learn how to take
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 to reach the German Cup semi-final .  Pep Guardiola is concerned about his team without Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben .  Robben was ruled out for around two months with a stomach muscle tear .  Bayern host Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday in the Bundesliga .
Shaun Andrew McKerry , 31 , burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores in County Durham .  He demanded cash as an accomplice stood at the door to rob the shop .  But shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard the thug 's demands and rugby tackled him .  His wife then appeared clutching her son 's baseball bat and subdues him .  He was dubbed ` Boomerang Boy ' because he always
The Harvard-educated doctor , 54 , is a vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians at Columbia University .  Ten prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University last week calling for his resignation because he is a ` charlatan who promotes ' quack treatments `  In a special episode of The Dr Oz Show , which was pre-taped Tuesday and will air Thursday , the
Irish Aviation Authority is investigating after two women made frequent visits to cockpit .  Two women , believed to be off-duty Ryanair staff , were on Good Friday flight .  They were seen laughing and giggling and taking photos of each other .  Ryanair has confirmed there were three off-staff members on board the flight .  The incident took place from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld .
Joelison Fernandes da Silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child .  His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying .  He refused to leave the family house for years but found love with Evem Medeiros , a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online .  ` The first time I saw her it was love at first sight , ' Joelison said .
Gold and silver bars had been loaded in Murmansk onto a former Irish Sea ferry .  It was being transferred to the U.S. . as payment for arms shipped to Russia .  As delicate operation began to transfer cases of treasure onto waiting boat , one slipped and fell .  Such a veil of secrecy existed over the whole operation it is not known if it was ever recovered .
Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon flew to New York in January 2001 .  The Coronation Street star and her boyfriend spent four nights in the city .  One of their first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on 9 / 11 .
Mitchelle Blair , 35 , from Michigan , is charged with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture .  Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed .  Blair also said Alexander Dorsey was ` never there ' for his children .  During the parental rights termination hearing at Lincoln Hall of Justice in Detroit , Blair yelled
Living Dead Clothing have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new clothing line .  The company 's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world .  There are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film 's characters , ranging in price from $ 45 to $ 100 .  Some of the men 's and women 's rainmaker shirts and singlets
John Helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay .  He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled .  When a cop and a case manger looked into his past , they found an old bank account .  It had enough social security benefits to buy his own house .
International Monetary Fund warns Britain will still be running a budget deficit .  The state will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax .  Tories have pledged to return Britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of # 5.2 billion .  David Cameron and George Osborne then plan to run # 7billion in 2019-20 .  Warning , in Fund 's Fiscal Monitor report
Anthony Joshua takes on Jason Gavern at the Newcastle Metro Arena on Saturday .  The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three .  The pair will fight for the first time in 2015 after Joshua pulled out of a January fight against Kevin Johnson due to a stress fracture in his back .
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona with a trademark left-footed shot .  Neymar doubled the lead in the second half with a long-range finish .  Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique made it 2-0 before the break .  Gameiro made it 3-1 in the 83rd minute with a deflected strike .  Sevilla 's Ivan Rakitic was dropped from the squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench .  Sevilla are
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud , a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent , left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq , according to court documents .  After completing his training , a cleric with the group Jabhat al-Nusrah instructed him to return to the US and commit an act of terrorism .  The
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia .  The island lies in the Sporades , east of the mainland .  With no airport , most people fly to Skiathos , followed by an hour 's ferry ride .  It has one of the most scenic ports in Greece .  Wooded hillsides are punctuated with white walls topped by terracotta-tiled roofs .  A ruined Venetian fortress and dozens
Taxes will be # 12billion a year higher under Labour than the Tories , independent experts warned .  Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband 's ` vague ' promise to balance books would allow Labour to borrow # 90billion more than Tories by 2020 .  This would rise to # 280b in extra debt by the end of next decade if Labour remained in power .  David Cameron said
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .  Duport suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons ` 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 .  The France international has scored three tries in the first six rounds of Super League XX .  ` The news is a hugely disappointing blow for the player and the whole team , ' said
Arsene Wenger has told Manchester City not to waste their time in trying to sign Jack Wilshere .  The Gunners are looking to increase their homegrown quota .  The England international has been out of action since November .  Arsenal host Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday .  Laurent Koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury sustained in Arsenal 's 4-1 defeat of Liverpool .
John Goodwin , 75 , shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday .  He was airlifted to a hospital , where he died from his injuries .  Prosecutors said Goodwin , who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005 .  Goodwin 's lawyer , Joe Welsh , acknowledged his client was ` touchy-feely , '
A man driving to work in Alabama noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week .  The truck was stolen from the victim 's birthday .  Police attempted to pull over the truck , but the driver , Terry-year-old Terry Proctor of Piedmont , did not stop , leading to a pursuit .  The driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over .  Proctor was
` This is Barack Obama . Happy April Fools ' Day . Frank learned it from me , ` he said .  The president slipped into his normal voice by the end of the 12-second impersonation .  House of Cards is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey .
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday .  David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate during the game .  The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher before being taken to hospital .  Silva will be monitored by the club in the next few days .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are joint top of the Premier League on New Year 's Day
Thomas K . Jenkins , 49 , of Capitol Heights , Maryland , was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George 's County Sheriff 's Office .  Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover , Delaware , from September 2014 to February 2015 .  Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries when he is returned to Delaware .
Student demonstrators who walked on an American flag to protest racism sparked a countermovement at Valdosta State University in south Georgia .  Video shared on social media showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model , Michelle Manhart , taking the flag from protesters .  The protest , held a week ago , Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag .  Police said they
Match . com is seeking an outgoing , media-savvy person with a passion for travelling .  The chosen candidate will be given a round-the-world ticket .  In each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth wisdom .  Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July .
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal .  The Ivorian striker averages one goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team .  He scored both goals as Chelsea came from behind against Arsenal to win the League Cup 2-1 .  Arsene Wenger 's side travel to The Emirates on Sunday to face Jose Mourinho 's men .
The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December in Gyeongju City , South Korea .  The remains of the two people , including leg bones and teeth , were found in the main chamber of the tomb and are thought to have died between the ages of 20 and 30 .  Archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe
Tania Watts fears coming face-to-face with Anje Galsworthy , who is accused of murder .  Ms Watts said she is ` still in the back of my mind not accepting ... that I ' m not going to see her `  Becky , 16 , vanished from father 's family home in Crown Hill , Bristol , on February 19 .  Her stepbrother Nathan Matthews , 28 , has been
Three youngsters playing in my old position have caught the eye this season .  Calum Chambers , Eric Dier and John Stones have all enjoyed excellent Premier League campaigns .  Chambers and Stones are still 20 and Dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games .  Dier has gone from a promising squad player to a first-team regular .  He moved the ball well
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees , according to official figures .  Jose Mourinho 's team are the most likely to protest decisions .  They have faced criticism for surrounding referees this season .  Liverpool show the greatest respect towards match officials , followed by Burnley and West Brom .  Sunderland , Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the
Alexis Tsipras met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow yesterday .  Pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects .  But Mr Tsipos insisted he had not asked for-or received -- financial aid .  He said Greece is a ` sovereign nation ' and ` not a debt colony '  It was expected he would ask Mr Putin for a hand-out-despite Russia 's economy also suffering under
The defiant 61-year-old former Prime Minister said he had ` decades ' still in him and joked that he would ` turn to drink ' if he ever stepped down .  He said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .  Mr Blair said he himself had been ` mentored ' by US president Bill
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy .  The first lady , who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie , was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let 's Move initiative .  Not content with a
Labour leader uses speech to say he will ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms .  He claims they make Britain an ` offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ` no longer be justified '  In January shadow chancellor Ed Balls said : ` I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money because there will be some people
Zachary Cain Stickler , 34 , died the day after he pleaded not guilty to domestic violence charges .  He had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February .  Stickler had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery .
Manchester University in Indiana was on lockdown late on Friday night after a ` likely prank call ' about an armed person near the main administration building .  Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university , was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building .  The university had issued a statement advising students
Amir Khan takes on Chris Algieri at the Barclays Center in New York on May 29 .  Kell Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin .  Sky Sports are expected to screen both events on May 30 .
Andy Lee retained his WBO middleweight title against Peter Quillin .  The Irishman failed to make the required weight of 160lbs on Friday .  The fight was deemed a draw after the 12-round contest in Brooklyn .  Lee admitted he had been ` lazy ' in the early stages of the fight .  The 31-year-old was over by almost a pound-and-a-half .  Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger and
Ander Herrera has scored seven goals for Manchester United this season .  The Spaniard appears to have a history of shooting with his eyes closed .  Herrera scored against Aston Villa , QPR , Leicester , Preston and Swansea .  Louis van Gaal heaped praise on the 25-year-old 's shooting ability .
Study found that cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones .  The experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- and was humorously dubbed the ` pull my finger study '  One of the study 's co-authors , chiropractor Jerome Fryer , was used as the guinea pig
Most Rev Justin Welby said the victims were ` witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly '  They were ` martyrs in both senses of the word ' , he said .  Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter 's Square in the Vatican .  ` Because of the resurrection of Jesus the dead the cruel are overcome , evil is defeated , martyrs conquer
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park in the Premier League .  Aaron Cresswell had put his side in the lead through a superb free-kick .  Marko Arnautovic was ruled out for offside and Mame Diouf hit the post .  Hammers boss Sam Allardyce lamented his side 's ` nerves and panic '  The Hammers remain in the top 10 despite late slip-up .  Allardce said :
Andrea Bradley , 28 , and Glen Bates , 32 , have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month .  Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs .  Prosecutor Joe Deters says the parents could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges .  Coroner Lakshmi Kode Sammarco , who performed
Amy Wilkinson , 28 , claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit .  She was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner .  She also claimed income support to help her and her daughter as she had no other income .  She was ordered to pay back a total of # 17,604 that she claimed over two years .  Her grandfather , Tommy Docherty , now
David Cameron said Boris Johnson has ` suddenly realised ' that his main political rivals were those lining themselves up to take over the Tory leadership .  Mr Cameron said : ` His competition is people who 'll have a crack at it after me '  He named Home Secretary Theresa May , Chancellor George Osborne and London mayor Boris Johnson as potential replacements as Tory leader when he stands
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into Udinese 's first team in 2008 .  Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season following his # 30million switch from Barcelona .  Sanchez found it difficult when he had to be rested for Arsenal 's matches with Aston Villa and Tottenham -- against a sore hamstring .  Sanchez was rested for two games by Arsene Wenger against Aston Villa .  The Gunners boss warned
Jose Mourinho 's ` back seven ' of Thibaut Courtois , Branislav Ivanovic , Gary Cahill , John Terry and Cesar Azpilicueta protected by Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas .  Mario Balotelli 's first start in a Premier League game since November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before .  Spurs collectively outran Southampton to earn their 2-2 draw at St Mary 's .  Louis van Gaal
Rory McIlroy will spend the eve of the Masters with One Direction 's Niall Horan .  The Northern Irishman is hoping to complete a career Grand Slam at Augusta .  One Direction released their debut album in 2011 , the same year McIIlroy won his first major .  Last year 's Masters he piqued the interest of one or two photographers when then fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie 's
Silhan Ozcelik , 18 , is accused of preparing to carry out a terrorist attack in October 2014 .  Sixth-form student went missing from her Kurdish family 's home in north London last October .  She travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart , Germany .  Protestors gathered outside the Old Bailey with banners and flags .
Richie Benaud passed away peacefully in his sleep at a Sydney hospice .  He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November .  A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a key role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s .  In a broadcast career spanning more than five decades , he was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television .  The flags
Dr Zoe Waller , 31 , suffers from the skin condition dermatographia .  This is a type of urticaria , or hives-where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure .  It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction , causing the skin to swell .  When Dr Waller draws
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand 's western Kanchanaburi province-commonly known as ` The Tiger Temple ' - has long proved a hit among tourists .  But Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared .  The tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials
New Orleans Pelicans beat the San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday .  Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds in the win .  Brooklyn Nets are through to the play-offs after beating the Orlando Magic 101-88 .  Memphis Grizzlies beat the Indiana Pacers 95-83 to end Indiana 's playoff hopes .  The Golden State Warriors finished their best regular season in club history after scoring 25 points .  New
Madison Small , from Ashburn , Virginia , left school early on Monday and , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital .  By Tuesday afternoon , her father , Tim Small , had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning .  The Virginia Medical Examiner 's office
Hannah McWhirter , 21 , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013 .  She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself .  But when Mr Clark told the John Lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped .  She appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court
Lauren Perry 's twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks .  Mason had contracted necrotising fasciitis , a serious rapidly spreading infection that can be fatal if symptoms go undetected .  Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus .  It perforated his bowel and ate tissue
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa .  The Belgium international has given no suggestion he would like a transfer away .  Villa are believed to value the 24-year-old at upwards of # 25million .  Sherwood said there would likely be talks over his # 50,000-a-week contract during the summer .  The Villa boss also wants players who want to play at the club .
Sarah Brady , wife of former White House Press Secretary Jim Brady , died Friday at the age of 73 .  She was a tireless anti-gun violence activist who helped pass anti-assault weapon legislation .  Her husband was shot during an assassination attempt on President Reagan in 1981 .  The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence , named in their honor , said they were ` heartbroken '
The 54-year-old actress also features on the cover of Marie Claire 's career-oriented supplement @ Work , which is featured in the May issue of the magazine .  Julia revealed that Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh * * for her hairstyles over the years .  Hillary 's hair has been the subject of serious scrutiny , be it as a result of her choice of scrunchie , the
The extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks .  Even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms .  An array of camouflage military equipment , from military fatigues to ill fitting hats are being sold at the impoverish Iraqi province of Nineveh
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time this year .  A record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 .  This figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves .  The number of Chinese-born Australians has tripled in the past 20 years .
ISIS 's first English bulletin aired on Tuesday on its al-Bayan radio network .  Hosted by a man with an American accent , the nine-and-a-half minute broadcast .  Is the latest English medium to be used by the extremist group .  They already have a monthly propaganda magazine , Dabiq .
Jamie Jewitt , 24 , and Henry Rogers , 22 , both hit 18st at their heaviest .  Jamie , from Essex , weighed 15st before his 15th birthday .  Henry , from Ealing , was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman .  Jamie was so self-conscious with his looks , he barely posed for photos .  He landed a job in Abercrombie & Fitch , where
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Camp Nou on Tuesday night .  Andres Iniesta set up Neymar for the opening goal of the game .  The World Cup winner is yet to score or create a goal for the Catalan club .  Barcelona face city rivals Espanyol at the Estadi Cornella-El Prat on Saturday .
Andy Murray 's long-term girlfriend , Kim Sears , will wed in Dumblane , Scotland , on April 11 .  The couple 's wedding will be largely a gathering of close family and friends .  Murray has mixed with everyone from A-list celebrities such as James Corden to the Prime Minister and even the Queen .  Kim 's style is from a previous season but click right to shop Matthew
Diane Blankenship , 45 , has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery .  She is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her car .  In a later incident , the ` clerical worker ' allegedly had sex with another student .  Detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims .
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms .  It was built by whaling captain George Grimes who built a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten 's work in 1842 .  The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace .  Only one of two freestanding properties in the
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw .  Ignaciio Piatti had put the Impact ahead in the first half .  Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Impact for 76 minutes before he was replaced .  Montreal now need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg to become the first Canadian team to win the CONCACAF tournament .  America are bidding to win their fifth
Michael Vaughan has spoken to the ECB about becoming England 's new director of cricket .  The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite for the role .  Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart have both registered their interest .  Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour .  He has worked closely in the past with chairman-elect Colin Graves at Yorkshire .  Vaughan and Stewart
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Wigan in the fourth minute at Craven Cottage .  Matt Smith doubled the lead in the fifth minute with a stunning free-kick .  Wigan winger Jermaine Pennant levelled the scores for the home side in the 69th minute .  Wigan remain in the Championship , seven points ahead of the relegation zone .  Gary Caldwell 's side have won just one of their last
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network .  It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band .  Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors .  It will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360
Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators -LRB- UCAS-D -RRB- on the X-47B program .  During the test , it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet -LRB- six metres -RRB- .  The drone is about the size of an F / A-18 Super
Footage was filmed from a high rise apartment in the city of Soligorsk , Belarus .  As storm clouds move over the city , the entire area is plunged into darkness .  Motorists were forced to turn on their lights as they navigate the darkened roads .  The storm was so thick that the city was forced to stay indoors .  People from the region described it as like a
AP McCoy rode his last ever race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday .  He will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara , both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls .  McCoy described Saturday as the ` hardest day of my life '  He said : ` The fear of retirement is going to get worse in a month or a year . I think I will be
Manchester United host Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal is preparing his side for a clash with Sir Alex Ferguson soon .  Van Gaal said he is set to discuss the club with Ferguson soon .  The Dutchman said if , for example , Ferguson says he is more proud .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .  Manchester United face
Until she was 18 Munroe Bergdorf was a boy called Ian .  Started dressing up as a woman and doing drag three years later .  Started taking drugs friends had been prescribed at 23 .  At 25 years old she was offered hormones by her doctor .  Has worked with Calvin Klein , Illamasqua and Boy London .  Says it 's the best decision she 's ever made and hopes
Leon Yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama , 28 , during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes .  Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night .  Pama is a married father of three who works a 3 am shift at a nearby warehouse .  The Samoan
Sanjay Chaddah concocted a ` t issue of lies ' , claiming Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a ` P * * i '  But the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing .  Chaddah , 43 , was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury .  He had been embroiled
Melissa Wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old Richard Cowell , from East Kilbride , is not up to the journey to watch his granddaughter compete for Cambridge .  Clare Balding gave up her regular stint on Channel 4 's Grand National coverage to present the event .  Until this year , the women 's race was held a week before the men 's at Henley .  The first women to race
52 celluloid negatives show Scott 's doomed expedition team setting off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912 .  Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek .  The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition .  Scott got rid of the dogs on
The Queen was just eight when she first attended the Maundy Day service in 1935 .  The then Princess Elizabeth was pictured at Westminster Abbey in 1935 .  She was accompanied by the Duke of Edinburgh and the Yeoman of the Guard .  The Queen presented ` alms ' to 89 women and 89 men , including D-Day veteran Denis Gratton , 91 .  The Royal Maundy Service is one
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par .  The former US Open champion is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship .
Manchester City are accused of trying to relocate disabled fans .  The Premier League champions have increased season tickets for able-bodied fans from # 870 to # 1,700 .  Disabled fans say they are ` disgusted ' with the club .  They claim they are trying to force migration to other parts of the Etihad Stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan following a 6,000-seat extension .  City say
Juventus lost 1-0 to Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final first leg .  Alvaro Morata got clear of Ricardo Carvalho as he chased a long ball forward from Andrea Pirlo .  Ricardo 's initial contact on Morata appeared to come from outside the area .  The Spaniard 's fall took him inside the box and it was not clear whether there was further contact .  Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal stepped
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship .  The 2013 finalist kept his composure to win the match .  Hawkins will play either Mark Allen or Ryan Day in the second round .  Former champion Neil Robertson wrapped up victory over Jamie Jones .
The 28-year-old has been living in London for the past year and has no plans to return to the US just yet .  The Mean Girls star recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamet 's Speed The Plow .  Lindsay says she is ` much happier ' in the city and is keen to build on that feeling of contentment in order to get her career back
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste , according to a source .  He was skiing with his mother , brother and sister in French resort of Flaine .  The Welsh schoolboy , who was formally named by police today , fell 160ft to his death .  Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events .  Investigators are unsure how he came
Woman had been taking pictures of her children with her new iPhone 6 .  Elderly man allegedly knocked the woman 's phone out of her hand .  Her phone fell on the ground , causing the screen to break .  The woman demanded that the man pay her back once he has the means to pay .  She is seen slapping him twice in the middle of a busy road
President Obama met Usain Bolt on Thursday at the University of the West Indies in Kingston , Jamaica .  He asked the six-time Olympic champion to show him the ` lightning pose ' before joining him in his signature pose .  Obama said : ` Nobody 's ever been faster than this guy . Ever ... of all the billions of people '  Bolt wrote on Instagram that it was
The Russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , footballer Christiano Ronaldo , in January .  She has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit .  Her stylish male companion , model Jarrod Scott , jumps in the pool himself and gives the camera his best Blue Steel look as he slicks back his hair .  The video follows the couple cavorting
If Kellie Cherie Phillips , 38 , and Jondrew Megil Lachaux , a 39-year-old ex-convict , are n't in Nevada , they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland , California , areas , police said .  A police SWAT team broke into the couple 's house Thursday and discovered the body of the 3-month-old .  The teen is the mother of the hospitalized child and sister of the
Exam board officials unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds .  Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film .  Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games .  Proposals aim to rid classrooms of ` tired phrases ' which some pupils now see as outdated .  Pupils are ` uninspired ' by conventional topics like ` my school day
British gymnast Louis Smith named in squad for European Championships .  Smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at London 2012 .  Max Whitlock , Kristian Thomas , Sam Oldham and Daniel Purvis also selected .
The fatberg was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes .  Residents complained about the rancid smell coming from the sewer .  Thames Water have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer .  It is the equivalent of about five Porsche 911s , which weigh 1.9 tonnes each .  Fatbergs are becoming increasingly problematic for the capital 's sewers .  Last year workers spent
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Wayne Rooney and the rest of the England squad were upset by the first half .  The Three Lions were due to fly home after the game but a technical fault caused the delay .  Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson 's side in a much-improved second period .
Liverpool host Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday .  Brendan Rodgers ` side need to beat the Gunners to keep up their chances of a top-four finish .  A defeat could leave Liverpool eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play .  Liverpool have won just one in six games against the Premier League 's other top-five sides .  If an English club were
An employee of Pizza Hut shared his doctor 's sicknote with a friend .  The unnamed Canadian doctor praised his patient for ` sensibly staying home from work '  The note has been shared thousands of times on Reddit .  The poster , who goes by the name eaglel66 , only reveals that the employee is a friend of his .  Commenters were outraged , with one saying : `
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract at Glasgow Warriors .  He will be released if Castres are relegated from the Top 14 .  Fellow Scotland internationals Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave .  Glasgow Warriors have been placed on high alert .  Bordeaux Begles , Racing Metro and Toulon all monitoring the situation .
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia , according to Queensland Health .  Medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women .  It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley .  His parents Catherine and Greg are leading a campaign , urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent
TV personality and author Bill Nye ` the Science Guy ' joined President Barack Obama today for an Earth Day excursion , riding aboard Air Force One with the president .  Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner , telling them , I love the smell of jet fuel .  Obama flew nearly 2,000 miles round-trip on Earth Day to the Florida Everglades and back
Manchester City host Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final .  The match at City 's Academy Stadium kicks off at 7.45 pm .  The second leg will take place next Monday at Stamford Bridge .  Chelsea were drawn away to Leeds United in the fourth round .  Dominic Solanke scored a hat-trick as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 6-1 .  City beat Coventry 8-2 to reach
Leicester are bottom of the Premier League and six points adrift from the survival line .  Nigel Pearson says they have no margin for error in their relegation fight .  The Foxes face West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday .  They have won just two of their last nine league games .  They have to play relegation rivals Burnley and Sunderland and host QPR on the final day .
The rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid , according to researchers from the California Institute of Technology , George Washington University and the University of Washington .  Despite earning millions of dollars-sometimes tens of millions-former players go broke at about 1.1 percent per year , the same rate as the rest of Americans .
Surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders .  He was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card .  He was kicked out of Neely 's Grog House in Port St Lucie in Miami , Florida .  But he returned with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer .  The bouncer was taken to the hospital with serious burns
Homeland Security and Customs officials raided properties associated with 239 crime syndicates across the country .  At least 913 suspects were charged with crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault .  Most were U.S. . citizens but 199 foreign nationals were also arrested from 18 countries in South and Central America , Asia , Africa , Europe and the Caribbean .  Of the total 1,207 arrested , 1,057 were
Judy Murray , 55 , has spent months planning her outfit .  Kim Sears , 53 , has long been admired on the tennis circuit .  Ceremony in Murray 's home town , Dunblane , is being hailed as the event of the year .  One charity shop has displayed mannequins of the bride and groom .
Austin West , 4 , slipped while chasing a bumblebee and fell into an in-ground pool at his family 's home in Gastonia , North Carolina .  His family tried to set up a GoFundMe campaign to raise money for his funeral costs , but they have found several unsanctioned fundraisers .  On Thursday , Austin 's grandfather set up an online donation page hoping to collect $ 10,000 but
Fast food giant installed metal studs outside branch in Leeds city centre .  Critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough but McDonald 's says it is about anti-social behaviour .  More than 70,000 people have signed petition to have them removed .
The NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise , abusing people 's goodwill .  NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday .  People have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis .  A contingent
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich showed the swarm of spiderbots at the chip giant 's developers forum in China .  He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans .  The robots were powered by Curie , a computer the size of a button developed by Intel .  The wearable computer is based on Intel 's first purpose-built system-on-chip -LRB-
Stephanie Scott 's funeral was held in Eugowra in central-west NSW on Wednesday .  The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday , just days before her wedding .  Her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt .  Her mother Merrilyn , father Robert and her siblings were among the mourners .  Her sister , Kim , shared humorous
The Visa Restrictions Index was created by Henley and Partners .  It ranks countries in accordance with travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy .  Finland , Germany , Sweden , the UK and the US ranked in first position .  Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan and Somalia were able to visit 32 countries visa-free .  This was juxtaposed by Finland , Sweden and the UK , who are able to access
Father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey works for MoD , it has been revealed .  It is believed he works in military 's post office , where he could have had access to names and address of all military personnel .  He has been put on compassionate leave from post , after MoD considered suspending him .  It is not clear where or at what level at
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open .  The British No1 is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane .  Murray beat Tomas Berdych in the last four of the tournament at Flushing Meadows .  The Scot has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the world No 1 .  Murray 's win would be his biggest tournament win since
Graziano Pelle scored twice as Italy drew 1-1 with England .  The striker has not scored in the Premier League since December 20 .  Pelle arrived from Feyenoord at a reported cost of # 9million .
Last year 's fourth Alvarado has run only once this season .  The 10-year-old gelding finished fifth at Doncaster in February .  Fergal O ` Brien says he is in better shape going into the Grand National at Aintree .
Trespasser carrying a suspicious package jumped over the railings last night .  The package was examined and ` deemed to be harmless ' , according to a report by CNN .  It is the latest in a string of embarrassing security breaches to hit the US capital .  Last September , a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side .  That incident prompted a review of
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in the local derby at Ashton Gate .  Kieran Agard , Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the hosts .  Steve Cotterill 's side have now won two of their last four games in the Championship .  Yaser Kasim and Raphael Branco were both booked in the first half .  Bristol City boss Mark Cooper had to pick his side up from two
Jordan Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history .  The 21-year-old posted a stunning opening round of 64 to take a three-shot lead .  Justin Rose made the early running with an impressive five-under-par 67 .  Ernie Els rolled back the years with a superb 67 on Thursday .  In nine previous starts Rose has led on three occasions after the first round .  Rory McIlroy and defending
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick , New Jersey , for the rest of the spring semester .  The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday .  Last month , a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta Friday to watch Tiger Woods play .  Vonn looked stressed at times though Woods carded a three-under-par 69 .  Woods is 12 strokes behind the leader , 21-year-old Jordan Spieth .  The American is 14-under par for the tournament , 12 strokes ahead of Vonn .  Vonn is playing after a two-month absence to retool his game .  The former world number one has
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16 on Friday night .  The 19-year-old has scored six tries in just six Super League appearances .  The Rhinos are now six points clear at the top of the Super League .  They have now played every other team in Super League and are looking for a first league-leaders ` title for six years .  St Helens
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham Forest against Brentford .  The 18-year-old came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career .  It took him level with a Forest legend of the same surname : his dad Des , a scorer just once in 408 games for the club .  Walker is the son of former England defender Des Walker .  He
Rory McIlroy is hoping to become just the sixth player to win all four major titles .  The world number one has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances , finishing joint eighth last year .  The 25-year-old says it is ` unthinkable ' that he will not win the Masters at some point to complete the career grand slam .  The Irishman is looking to
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville 's twin and sister to Gary Neville .  She won bronze medals at the Commonwealth Games and World Cup as netball player .  The 38-year-old has taken England 's netball team to the summer 's World Cup in Australia .  Neville was first capped for her country at 19 , eventually making 81 international appearances .  Neville says her personality is probably a mixture of
Jade and Ross Morley were told their first baby , Floyd-Henry , had a rare form of dwarfism called Achondroplasia .  Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks on March 20 , meaning the Morley household now has three children under 20 months .  The twins are healthy and feeding well and are much loved by their big brother Floyd .  The couple released a
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and son , Brendon , 39 , last August .  He was two years old when his sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received nine-month sentence .  After more than 40 years of torment , he confronted driver
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday .  The 24-year-old thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience .  The former Chelsea forward admitted not scoring was ` eating away ' at him .
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead has gone on the market for # 985,000 .  It is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain that were built on the design of Victorian houses in India .  The property was built in the 1880s by RA Briggs , known as Bungalow Briggs .  The term was used to describe small , country homes used by the wealthy upper
Felipe Anderson has attracted interest from PSG , Manchester City , Liverpool and Arsenal .  Gonzalo Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with coach Rafa Benitez poised to leave .  The 27-year-old has scored 45 goals in two seasons since leaving Real Madrid .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Australian PM Tony Abbott says the EU must ` urgently ' follow his lead .  Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was ` at war ' with migrant traffickers .  Mr Abbott has insisted : ` The only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats '  Those on Nauru have the ` opportunity ' to seek a life in Cambodia which is paid by Australia
Jessica Silva stabbed and killed her partner James Polkinghorne on Mother 's Day 2012 .  She was convicted of manslaughter last month and walked free from court .  On Sunday night , Silva tells 60 Minutes that ` my head is just full , I ca n't live with it , I need forgiveness '  Michael Usher , the veteran journalist who conducted the interview , says she walked away
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand .  The video has since been removed after 3 News notified authorities .  Police in New Zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures .  Prime Minister John Key said the troubling video ` reaffirms what I ' ve been saying , that IS is a
Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of vintage ice-breakers .  They are a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive .  One was referred to as the ` calling card ' and the other was reserved for casual encounters .  Many of them have all the flowery but insincere charm of a modern-day pick-up line .  Mr Mays ` collection includes phrases such as :
SnackHolidays . com is the first snacks with airline tickets ` promotion .  Each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight .  Passengers can already fly from Paris Orly Airport to Dublin from $ 35 .  Passengers must pay a booking fee on top of the airfare cost , and fees for checked baggage .
The number of UK deaths per year will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades .  A ` simple ' funeral , with a cremation , a minister and an undertaker , now costs an average of # 3,590 , an old age think tank has found .  The price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremated , rising undertakers ` bills
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata scored for the Red Devils .  Angel di Maria came on for Juan Mata in the 81st minute .  Radamel Falcao replaced the Argentine with seven minutes to play .  The pair were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal .  The # 60m man signed for Manchester United
Large Hadron Collider is world 's largest atom-smashing machine .  It was shut down two years ago after confirming the existence of the Higgs boson .  Re-opening was delayed by another couple of weeks thanks to a short circuit .  But this morning it started operating again at last .  LHC is currently running at a low ` injection ' energy of 450 giga-electron volts -LRB- GeV -RRB- .  In
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday .  The 34-year-old won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18 .  The Swiss was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks in her prime .  She faces world No 9 Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland on Saturday .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Two gay men are being stoned to death by up to four ISIS jihadis in Homs .  They were photographed embracing and ` forgiving ' the men .  One of the men has curly hair , a thick beard and wears a black biker jacket .  Another shows a large crowd of young men and boys gathered in the desert clearing to watch the atrocity
Rafa Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2 , 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters .  The world No 5 got his clay court season off to a perfect start .  Nadal will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round .
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Milorad Mazic failed to punish Sergio Ramos for what appeared to be an elbow on Mario Mandzukic .  Brazil defender questioned why officials from ` minor leagues ' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games .  Miranda questioned why referees from ` lower leagues ' were able to referee the game .
David Haye was stopped by officials at Dubai International Airport .  He was accused of writing a # 341,000 bounced cheque as payment for a new property .  Haye has not fought since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012 .  The 34-year-old has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates .  The former two-weight world champion was arrested on his arrival .  He was held in a police
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi is a cleric in Iran , giving speeches on family values .  He preaches it is not a sin for a man to think about another woman while having sex .  But if she becomes pregnant it will mean the child will be gay .  If women do n't wear the hijab properly , they could lead to some men becoming homosexual .  He has warned that
Ander Herrera signed for Manchester United from Athletic Bilbao for # 29million .  The Spaniard has come through a testing first six months in English football .  Herrera has scored twice in United 's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday .  The 25-year-old described the Red Devils as the ` right team in the right league '
Mariel Hemingway , 53 , starred as Woody Allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` Manhattan ' when she was just 16 years old .  She has written two new books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides .  Out Came The Sun , aimed at adults , and Invisible Girl , written for teens , describes Mariel 's journey of self-discovery
Lavall Hall , 25 , was shot outside his home in Miami Gardens on February 15 .  Miami Gardens police department said officers were forced to shoot because Hall ` attacked ' them with ` deadly force '  But video footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was shot .  Lawyers for Hall 's family have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city .
U.S. . Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran 's ability to build a nuclear weapon .  The Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran , with talks between top U.S. . and Iranian diplomats at
Enormous hole opened up on Earl Street , Northampton , at 2pm on Thursday .  Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the chasm after it appeared .  It is about eight foot -LRB- 2.4 metres -RRB- wide and was about 8ft -LRB- 2.4 m -RRB- wide .  It is just hours after part of a London pavement collapsed , swallowing a pedestrian .  One eyewitness said :
Currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone .  The net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS , the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges .  Some who rely on mobile phones rather than landlines are put off accessing these services by the
RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona .  Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 .  Dozens are injured each year in the annual event , known as the encierro .  Mayor said he feared the reality TV show would turn bull running into Big Brother .  In 2014 two people were
Muslim Engagement and Development -LRB- Mend -RRB- said to have boasted that they can act as ` kingmakers '  The group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution .  At least one election candidate reportedly offered campaign money in return for back group 's ` Muslim Manifesto '
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery during her lifetime .  Among the most striking is a gold Roman bracelet made from three gold wires twisted into a spiral design , which has a reserve price of # 5,000 .  The nine lots , which will go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house in London on Thursday , include rings , bracelets , pendants and earrings .
Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele during the launch of 10Ten Talent .  The Arsenal midfielder was given the chance to interview the three-time World Cup winner .  Pele has acknowledged last year 's World Cup was a ` disaster ' for Brazil .  The Brazil legend scored 77 goals in 92 games for Brazil and won the World Cup three times .  Glenn Hoddle also attended the launch and
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung .  He claims it was captured in Shenzhen Reservoir in China 's Sand Bay .  The clawed creature can be seen aggressively biting through a steel cage .  The video has sparked heated debates on Chinese social media site WeiBo .  Some users claim it is a mythical ` water monster ' from Chinese folklore .  Others claim it
The cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles .  It starred on the iconic cover of the Fab Four 's 1967 album Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .  Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture , which was the brainchild of artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth and photographer Michael Cooper
Domanik Green , 14 , allegedly accessed a teacher 's laptop without permission .  Used administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing .  Pasco County Sheriff 's office say he could have altered his grades .  Green was arrested on Wednesday and detained until released by his mother .  He has been charged with ` offense against computer system , unauthorized access '
Richard III 's skeleton was found under a car park in Leicester .  It had a distinctive scoliosis , or sideways bending of his spine to the right .  The condition , which would have developed in his early teens , means he was very far from being a hunchback .  He was described by Shakespeare as a ` poisonous bunch-back 'd toad ' in the play .  But a
Rickie Lambert has barely been given a chance since joining Liverpool .  Brendan Rodgers ` decision to ignore him is illogical .  Balotelli has to go down as Liverpool 's worst-ever signing -- at least the club won a trophy when Andy Carroll was at Anfield .  It 'd be wrong to suggest Lambert was going to be the man to spearhead the club 's charge to the title and
Nikki Kelly , 24 , thought she was suffering from period cramps .  She decided to have a quiet night in after a long journey from Scotland .  She felt cramp in her stomach , and thought she might be getting her period .  But when she made a dash for the bathroom , she was in fact going into the early stages of labour .  She kept her size
The 34-year-old mom spoke to Elle . com about her daughter 's style preferences .  North West , who will turn two in June , always asks for her mom 's make-up bag , which is inside .  Kim said that North ` gravitates towards ' simple things ` when it comes to clothing , but noted that her 22-month-old daughter ' loves accessories `  The Kardashian mom said she
Pete Evans has been dropped as a celebrity ambassador by Sumo Salad .  The food chain are strongly denying that the move is related to Evans ` recent paleo controversies .  Evans announced his disputed baby cookbook ` Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month .
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole for Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix .  The German was only four-hundredths of a second behind the Briton .  He will start second on the grid with Sebastian Vettel third .  The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season .  The Brit set his fastest time on his penultimate lap in Shanghai .  The German said
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday .  Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game for the Gunners .  Arsene Wenger has said praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season .  Burnley have won only once in 11 games but are two points from safety .  They face Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures .
The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be executed this week .  Fans were divided on the posts , with some supporting the pair 's stance , while others criticised it .  ` If you agree with murder , lack and compassion and openly display those views ... f * * * off , ' one
Tiger Woods played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National .  Golf Channel said he was seen on the practice range Friday morning .  ` It 's obviously very important to me , and I want to be there , ' he said on his website .  The 39-year-old last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines .  He walked off the course
Walter Scott , 50 , and Pierre Fulton , his friend of several years , met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables .  As they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston , South Carolina .  Scott jumped out of the car-and was shot multiple times by
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate '  Last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown into Mediterranean Sea .  Survivors claim they tried to throw other Christians off the side of the dingy .  But they huddled together to create a ` human chain ' to stop them .  Migrants said they were trying to stop Muslim
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final clash with Atletico Madrid .  Spanish newspapers report Carlo Ancelotti is ` hesitating ' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation .  Gareth Bale and Luka Modric also look likely to miss Wednesday 's clash .  Mundo Deportivo hail Luis Enrique as ` the best coach in history in his first 50 games .
Christopher Stefanoni , 50 , says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking team after he proposed developments involving affordable housing in Darien , Connecticut .  The town of 21,000 has a median household income of $ 200,000 .  Stefanoni and his wife , Margaret , filed the lawsuit in 2013 against the Darien Little League those who were in charge when his son
Victim Shahnawaz , 40 , was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car .  Two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begged bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death .  No one came to their father 's rescue , the hapless children ran to the cops , who asked them
The highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range .  The move proved an instant success as the $ 88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range .  The bloggers received ` unspecified compensation ' in return for giving the dress their seal
Yingying Dou , 30 , reportedly ran the MyMaster website .  The website charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities .  The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website .  But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating .  This comes after the University
Yamini Karanam , 26 , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain .  She was struggling to understand things she had read , and felt lost in conversations .  She sought medical help from Dr Hrayr Shahinian at the Skullbase Institute in Los Angeles .  He has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas .  Miss Karanam branded the tumour her ` evil twin
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus ` Chuy ' Garcia .  Emanuel , a former White House chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style , was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia .  With nearly all voting precincts reporting results , Emanuel had about 56 per cent of
Prime Minister will offer public # 4 billion of Lloyds shares if he wins election .  Shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time .  It is the latest ` retro ' Conservative policy to hark back to 1980s .  It follows revival of Thatcherite ` Right to Buy ' offer for housing association tenants .  30 years
Sydney rape gang leader Bilal Skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday .  He was the leader of a gang that terrorised Sydney teenage girls in the lead-up to the 2000 Sydney Olympics .  He was sentenced to 55 years ` jail in 2002 for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney 's southwest .  The gang members , aged between
Noelle Baynham , 61 , was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door .  She had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier , which are thought to have tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food .  The most likely cause of death was an accidental overdose , an inquest was told .  Detectives who
The row broke out between Andrea Trunfio , 36 , and Mario Bretti , 64 , in July last year .  The pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the building site .  Mr Bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation .  He said he went straight to the police station , while the 64-year-old did a U-turn .  He denied common assault and
Cassandra Cassidy , 24 , was shot as she tried to help two women outside a rehab centre .  The aspiring designer was an ` innocent bystander ' who was ` afraid of men in a car '  She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house in Las Vegas .  A white car with several occupants drove up to Ms Cassidy 's car and fired several
Young adults tell it like is is on Twitter under the hashtag # realistic YA .  Many tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels .  Others look at dangerous scenarios and what would be likely to happen .  One tweet refers to Twilight , where the main character has to choose from multiple love-interests .  Others describe themselves as ` 100 % human ' rather than
20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm .  Teasers for ITV 's Newzoids show Duke and Duchess of Cambridge .  Shows Prince George worrying that their son has turned out a little ` common '  The plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner .  One of the show 's impressionists admitted that mocking the royal family is a
Charles and Camilla married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall .  The couple are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside .  Charles wears a country coat made from Inveravon Estate Tweed and Lock & Co hat .  Clarence House released a new photo to mark the couple 's 10th anniversary .  It was taken in the run-up to last month 's visit to the U.S. .  Camilla
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device .  Called Bodyprint , the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner .  It 's not just ears that could be used for identification -- your first , phalanges -LRB- in your fingers -RRB- , palm or just your
The Grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool , and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences .  The quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms .  Rooms come complete with photos of former inmates , as well as a kettle and spikes used as anti climbers in what would of
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got close to his watercraft .  He zipped towards the driver before driving directly in his path .  ` Look out , look out ! ' a man behind the camera can be heard screaming .  Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 .  The highly touted athlete has been out and ready to begin off-season workouts with the team , which begin on April 20 .  Now comes the real test however , as he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $
Michael Bennett labelled the tight end ` soft ' and ` overrated ' after Seattle 's playoff win over the Saints two years ago .  ` Just because he 's on my team I do n't stop feeling that way , ' Bennett said .  ` I ca n't do the things I was doing to him when we were playing him , ' he said .  The defensive end
Officer Daniel Jamieson has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between March 11 and 17,2015 .  Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins ` arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12 when he was granted bail .  The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park , in Perth
Women routinely ask for # 4,000 less for a typical job , but this widens to up to # 10,000 Less in more senior industries such as accountancy .  On average , women ask for almost a fifth less than men , rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors .  Research from Reed . co . uk found that female applicants state their ` anticipated salary '
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness .  Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication .  Last year , Which ? warned that not all clinics are properly explaining the risks involved .  Law graduate Lois Roberts had the # 1,500 procedure as part of her 21st birthday present in 2010 .  She suffered from poor night vision
TripAdvisor 's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations .  The cost of a one night 's stay and room service in Sofia will be # 63.78 .  In New York City , travellers can expect to pay up to # 276.61 for a four-star hotel stay and in-room dining .  In Kiev , a room service club sandwich costs
Carol Chandler , 53 , allegedly molested a boy at St Paul 's in Barnes , south west London .  She is accused of three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency .  Charges have not yet been formally put and she has not entered pleas .  Former pupils of the # 32,000-a-year school include Chancellor George Osborne .
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to unsuspecting customers .  One group in southern England was headed by Neil Gilbert , 42 , who made up to # 60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs .  The northern branch was led by Thailand-based Stephen Laverick , but his ex-wife Catherine Laversick , 47 , was in charge of day-to-day operations in the UK .  The money laundered or
Rafa Benitez took Napoli into the Europa League semi-final on Thursday .  The Serie A side defeated Wolfsburg 6-3 on aggregate .  It will be his seventh major European semi-finals in just 12 seasons with four teams .  The Spaniard guided Liverpool to the Champions League final in 2005 .  He also won two La Liga titles during his three-year spell at the Mestalla .  He has also won the
Natasha Jonas made history when she became the first female boxer to represent GB in an Olympic Games .  The 30-year-old took on Katie Taylor of Ireland in the first round of the women 's lightweight competition at London 2012 .  Jonas was widely praised for her performance in front of a crowd which registered the loudest noise of any event at the 2012 Games at 113.7 decibels .  Great
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge on Thursday night .  The 29-year-old single mum from Dudley was a 10-time ladies world champion .  Snooker 's governing body had been criticised for allowing Evans a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport 's blue-chip event on April 18 .  Doherty admitted : ` She played better than me and
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he was only accepted into St . Louis University School of Medicine in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man .  As an Indian-American with a GPA of 3.1 , MCAT of 31 and a member of the South Asian Student Association , he did n't think he 'd get into medical school , but with a change of appearance and switch of student
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in Las Vegas .  Ricky Hatton says he has the style to beat the boxer .  The Hitman also thinks having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a huge advantage over the Money Man .  Floyd Jnr says he should ` stay away from our own Amir Khan '  Hatton has been knocked out by the two best pound-for-pound
Naunihal Singh , 54 , woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh , 63 , and slashed him with kitchen knife .  Attack came after a heated argument over couple 's lack of children .  Ujajal accused Naunithal 's son Yawinder-Pal ` Monty ' of ` firing blanks '  Nauniall sat at kitchen table drinking vodka before taking knife from drawer .  He then went into bedroom , grabbed Ujjl 's jaw
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando , Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old .  The victim 's identity has not been released .  Hilbert claims that her much older lover ` body bumped ' her during the argument .
Linda MacDonald , 55 , was arrested on Monday for drunk driving in Dummerston , Vermont .  She crashed her Toyota Camry into a wooden fence .  MacDonald posted a . 10 blood-alcohol content-above the state 's legal threshold of . 08 .  Sentencing for a first offense in Vermont range from a license suspension of 90 days to up to two years in prison and a maximum fine of
The kidneys were removed from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disorder .  He was diagnosed with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease .  ADPKD causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size .  A week after his initial operation , a second kidney weighing 5.5 lbs -LRB- 2.5 kg -RRB- was removed .  Both kidneys beat the previous record of 4.7 lb -LRB- 2.1
The two continents are linked at Panama , but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared , with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago .  The researchers based their estimate on the presence of small grains of a mineral called zircon unearthed in ancient river bedrock in northern Colombia that originated in Panama and were 13 million to 15 million
England netball coach Tracey Neville takes charge of England .  Inter Milan 's Roberto Mancini 's Inter Milan are way off the pace in Serie A .  Rickie Lambert will not play at Arsenal as Brendan Rodgers had no intention of devising a Plan B at Anfield , why on earth did he buy him ?  Ian Ladyman reveals what 's been leaving him cold inside .  England 's Colin
Rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts to save the melon-headed whales .  The creatures have mysteriously beached about 60 miles northeast of Tokyo .  They are usually found deep in the sea but may have got lost .  Scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach .  Some were being pushed back onto the beach by the tide soon after being released .
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle 's squad for Sunday 's defeat by Tottenham .  The Argentinian was not even named among the substitutes at Anfield .  The 31-year-old was upset when he was dropped for last week 's 3-0 loss at Liverpool .  The midfielder has twice beaten testicular cancer and is set to be released at the end of the season .  Carver said he did not want
The Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to become the Premier League 's title sponsor .  Instead the PL want as much as # 60m a year from a mega title backer .  The FA have failed to find an ` in association ' FA Cup partner this season .  Sky Sports ` refusal to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy
Archaeologists found 20 stone flakes and anvils just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya .  The tools were discovered by Stony Brook University in New York .  If correct , the date of the tools is 700,000 years older than previously thought .  It means ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first ` man ' - the start of our
Doctors told the 78-year-old to cut pasta intake to two servings a week .  They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the Catholic leader .  His weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica , a nerve condition .
Raymond Laing has spent the past three years behind bars after being busted more than three times over the legal limit .  He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving , and 31 convictions for driving while disqualified .  Laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for assault and dangerous driving in 2010 .  Despite his comments , Laing will walk free on May 15 .
Davion Navar Henry Only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him in 2013 .  In 2013 he made a desperate plea for a family to ` love him forever '  On Wednesday he was formally adopted by his former caseworker Connie Going .  ` I ' ve always loved him , the same as my other children . My
Clare Van Santen , 37 , was diagnosed with breast cancer when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child , Elijah , now aged nine .  The mother-of-five has undergone coutnless chemotherapy and radiation treatments in the past decade .  She has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children : Keisha , 20 , Susan 17 , Nikita , 14 , Jack ,
Paula Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth 's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14 .  ` I hope The Masters will consider a Women 's Masters soon . They do so much to grow the game . Fastest area of golf growth is women ! # 6Majors ? ' Creamer said .  ` There 's no reason why we ca n't do that in
Rifaat al-Assad , 77 , is the uncle of current Syrian President Bashar .  He went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad .  He has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury in France .  Activists say his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the regime .  His family 's assets are valued
The unnamed mum 's email was shared by a recipient yesterday on Reddit .  She demands a $ 63.99 water table from WalMart , a $ 19.99 play tunnel from Ikea , and a $ 7.99 Cheerios book .  She also demands receipts for each gift so she can get the full value back .  Also demands that her son does not need any more books than he already has
Lee Keeley grabbed woman and hit her head against wall at Lincoln County Court .  38-year-old defendant chased her round courtroom and tore out her hair .  Keeley admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm at Lincoln Crown Court .  He was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order .
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met in a 3-3 draw at Villa Park on Tuesday night .  QPR 's Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick before Charlie Austin scored for QPR .  QPR equalised for Villa in the 16th minute with a deflected free-kick .  QPR were level at 1-1 at half-time but the game was level at 2-1 .  Ramsey and Sherwood 's relationship was forged over four years at
Jessa Duggar , 22 , and her husband Ben Seewald , 19 , announced the news of their pregnancy in a video for TLC . com .  The couple , who married after a chaste courtship , are well-known for their health-conscious lifestyle .  The 19 Kids and Counting stars announced that they are expecting their first child on November 1 , which is also the date of the couple
# a * * holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world .  Most of the photos show children crying , followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so .  ` I wo n't let her play with the dirty poop wipes in the trash can , ' wrote one parent .  ` I stopped him from eating wood chippings
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter final .  Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie .  The forward says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
Everton beat Southampton 2-1 at Goodison Park on Saturday .  Toffees boss Roberto Martinez insists his tactics are ` innovative '  The Spaniard has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back .  The Everton boss has always stuck rigidly to his principles .  Martinez says that people who say that I am tactically not flexible are people who do not follow
Ed Miliband refuses to confirm Harriet Harman will become Deputy Prime Minister .  Labour leader refused to guarantee the job if Labour wins the general election .  Comes just three days after Miss Harman said she intended to become Deputy PM .  She has previously suggested that Gordon Brown 's refusal to make her Deputy PM was sexist .  Today he told BBC Radio 4 's Woman 's Hour :
William Smith was 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , Marilyn Buttigieg , then 44 .  The couple , from Crawley , West Sussex , shared their first date and kiss in September 2005 .  They came under fire from family and friends for the age gap when they became an item when William was 16 .  William , now 25 , says it
Memo for members of Congress states ` the UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the US agenda '  Dated April 2015 , memo also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament .  Document prepared by the Congressional Research Service , an in-house intelligence body that gives confidential analysis
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United 's last six games .  Van Persie suffered an ankle injury in their 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21 .  In his absence United have won all five of their subsequent Premier League matches .  The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances so far this season .  Only Rooney has scored 12 times in 27 games and 2,383 minutes of
Harry Redknapp said Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool .  Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .  The 20-year-old said he is not ready to move to Real Madrid at this stage of his career .  Former QPR boss said there is very little Liverpool can do to stop him .  Steve McManaman branded Sterling 's behaviour ` ridiculous
Javier Hernandez scored in Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final win over Atletico Madrid .  The Mexico international broke down in tears after the game .  Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy him permanent .  Manchester United have no shortage of interest in the forward .  Hernandez has one year left on his contract at Real Madrid .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real
Sweden 's Benny and Bjorn sang ` My , my ! At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender '  Abba 's visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo , just south of Brussels .  ` Waterloo ' quickly entered the English language as a synonym for ` a decisive defeat '  But the French-speaking world is less convinced that Napoleon lost the battle .  Locals are preparing to mark the bicentenary of
Kelsey Higley , 22 , studied art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman .  She browsed hundreds of images of what might be considered beautiful .  She set her camera on a timer to take a photograph every seven seconds and posed as if she ` wanted to look like someone else '  The resulting video , entitled ` Manipulation ' , played in a non-stop loop for
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday .  Goals from James McCarthy , John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned the Red Devils to their third successive Premier League loss .  After the match Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire .  Neville said it was the Old Trafford outfit 's worst performance in the last five or six weeks .
Labour will launch billboard using image from famous 1979 ` Labour Is n't Working ' poster .  Instead it will warn : ` The doctor ca n't see you now '  Poster features same line of people used to illustrate dole queues under Jim Callaghan 's government .  But it will also warn that new official figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries are now open in the evening and weekends
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua .  Captain Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test .  Jonathan Trott also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a Taylor delivery into the slips .  Taylor 's pace partner Kemar Roach said : ` Everyone knows Cook has a
Sunderland host Newcastle United at Stadium of Light -LRB- Sunday , 4pm -RRB- .  Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return after serving a two-match ban .  Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday 's derby trip to the Magpies .  Newcastle defender has undergone surgery to remove a cyst from his knee .  Steven Taylor , Paul Dummett and Cheick Tiote are also out .  Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering
Christian Benteke scored his seventh Premier League goal of the season against QPR .  Matt Phillips put Aston Villa ahead after just seven minutes .  Charlie Austin followed Chint Hill 's second half equaliser with a third goal for the visitors .  Villa had replaced Chris Ramsey 's spirited side in the bottom three .  Tim Sherwood 's side were five points clear of relegation danger at half-time .  QPR
Ukip leader Nigel Farage continues campaign trail for South Thanet seat .  Mr Clegg was in Kingston and Surbiton to campaign with Cabinet colleague Ed Davey .  He met seven-months-old Elise Popperwell and her mother Melissa popperwell .  Mr Cameron stopped for lunch with supporters near Poole in Dorset .  Meanwhile , Lib Dem deputy Nick Cleggs was in South West London and Bath .  Mr Cameron has been pictured
EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France , including 10 which start or finish at British airports .  British Airways cancelling around a dozen return flights from the UK .  The walk-out will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours .  Experts fear up to half of all flights between the UK and France could be axed .  Families returning from Easter holidays and those hoping
David Cameron made the comment on ITV 's This Morning after a viewer call-in .  Philip Schofield said : ` Up next , a man who can pinch your wallet '  Mr Cameron , who was off camera , could then be heard saying : ` Is that Alex Salmond ? '  Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing as the programme went to ads .  Mr Cameron admitted the `
Supermarket giant Tesco announced a record annual loss of # 6.38 billion .  The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer .  It reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets .  Over the past 20 years , Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank .  Tesco has been forced to slash the value of its property empire
The 44-year-old comedian gets serious for Levo League 's Ask4More campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve .  On average , women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men .  In the video , Sarah recalls a time when she was paid $ 10 to do a stand-up routine , when a man who performed the same amount of time earned
Wayne Rooney knows Manchester United will be playing for ` pride '  Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals .  United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals .  City dropped to fourth in the Premier League after a 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
In January 2013 , Dorian Poe , from Burlington , Ontario , sent his Ganz Webkinz bear , called Tikko , out on a global adventure to raise awareness about autism .  He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who , unable to live her own dreams of world travel , sent her teddy bear in her place .  Dorian , who was then nine years old
Photographs taken in the capital Tehran show people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles .  Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes .  Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran , with over 63 per cent of Iran 's population of 73 million people aged under 30 .  The young also
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his # 250,000-a-week contract at Manchester United .  The Dutch striker will have to pay the remaining half of a # 10m loyalty bonus .  Italian giants Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move .  Louis van Gaal 's side are also interested in Edinson Cavani and Memphis Depay .
Arnold Palmer became the first man to birdie both the final two holes at Augusta National to win the Masters .  Sandy Lyle sent his 1-iron tee shot into the bunker guarding the left side of the fairway in 1988 .  Phil Mickelson 's eagle putt over Rae 's Creek and to five feet of the pin .  Nick Faldo , Louis Oosthuizen and Seve Ballesteros are among the top
Pedro has only started 12 league games for Barcelona this season .  The Spain international has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp .  The 27-year-old admits it is ` logical ' that there is talk of him leaving the club .  Pedro has played for Spain in a friendly against Holland on Tuesday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Rona Fairhead accused of being ` incredibly naive or totally incompetent '  53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for ` a further one-year period '  She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders on March 20 .  HSBC said in its annual report that Mrs Fairhead would again stand for re-election .
Videoed outside by its owner Tracy , the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully .  It is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor .
Jermaine Kellman , 29 , Marvin Sempler , 30 , Clinton Jackson , 25 , and Darren Lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s .  Mrs Fisher , then 81 , awoke in darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year .  She tried to cry out for help , but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth .  Mr Fisher , who was
Jake Hall scored in non-league Boston United 's 2-0 win over Tamworth on Monday .  TOWIE star 's girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on York Street .  Hall 's friend and co-star James ` Arg ' Argent was also in the crowd to celebrate .  Both parties denied any relationship , saying they were just friends .  Reports this week suggested Hall is dating Hollywood actress Lindsay Lohan .
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row , eating out from trash cans .  The mother bear was seen huffing and looking ` defensive ' on Thursday after residents started taking cell phone pictures of the animals .  Officials with Alaska 's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they
Two Britons may be among seven people killed when light aircraft crashed in Dominican Republic .  Single-engine Piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off from Punta Cana .  Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from Britain .  The pilot was attempting to make an emergency landing when the plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames .  The
As of April 1 , the licensing system for agents is to change .  Anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay # 500 for an initial one-year registration period .  The FA is due to place a link on their website for intermediaries to register , but as of 1pm that was still not in place .  Mel Stein , chairman of the London-based Association of
Michael Thorpe , 55 , was convicted of showing Premier League games on foreign TV .  He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV 's rates for football matches .  He instead showed Albanian broadcasts of matches , which he says was legal .  But he was convicted , fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago .  Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal
District Judge Joseph DeMarchis ordered Maxwell Morton , 16 , to stand trial for first-degree murder and possession of a firearm by a minor .  Lawyer Patrick Thomassey does n't deny that Maxwell Morton killed 16-year-old Ryan Mangan .  Morton 's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys .  During a hearing Wednesday , a police officer testified
Matt Derbyshire scored the only goal of the game at the New York Stadium .  The former Nottingham Forest striker put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes .  Beram Kayal denied the visitors a path to goal after being booked for blocking a kick from goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez .
Hairdressers in Taipei are giving particularly furry customers new hairstyles .  The method is reminiscent of Edward Scissorhands 's trimming of a hedge .  Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved popular online .  Many owners now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes and shares .
Chrystie Crownover , the daughter of a Mormon minister , said she was ` so relieved ' the world finally knows Bruce Jenner 's ` big , big , large dark secret '  The Olympic decathlete , who has been married three times and has six biological children , married his college sweetheart in 1972 .  The couple , who had a son Burt and a daughter Cassandra , separated
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment .  He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority 's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people .  But he noted that substantially the same ad ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball-style shot while practicing in China .  The American struck the ball as it was dropped from a height .  Watson finished T-29 at the Shenzhen International .  The 36-year-old is one of the favourites to win a third green jacket in four years .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The 6,000-metre-long dragon-themed kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing .  It was so big that it posed a danger to passing aircraft .  But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the kite could not be flown .  Each of the 2,000 pieces bears the Chinese characters ` China Dream '  Professional kite flying teams from over 13 countries participated in the four-day-long festival .
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal during the 2-2 draw with Malaga on Saturday .  Diego Simeone 's side are aiming for a place in the semi-finals of the continent 's elite competition .  The La Liga champions beat Real to win the season 's Super Cup curtain-raiser , knocked them out of the King
Jason Cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with abusive messages after she tried to end their relationship .  He also emailed her a link to an online sex video she was in-and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page .  The mother-a former sex worker-immediately regretted the liaison and told her lover she did not want to see him again .  Soon afterwards she began receiving `
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future .  He used data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars .  The Big Dipper , for example , will change from looking like a plough to something that looks more like duck , while the proud form of Leo will mutate into an unrecognisable
High street chains , including Mothercare , are calling time on cut-price promotions .  Figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion .  There have been warnings that shoppers are being ` trained ' not to buy at full price .  In the past year , Debenhams has held 39 fewer sale days , meaning it spent a month less in a
Couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination .  HSBC rejected a # 250,000 mortgage application because the husband was too old .  Bank said it ` relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age '  Financial Ombudsman Service found the lender guilty of being ` unfair '  The couple , who do not wish to be named , applied for joint interest-only mortgage
Youtube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 mini Rubik 's Cubes 961 times .  Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete .  The pair created arguably the greatest love story ever told between a pair of robots .
Cheikhou Kouyate opened the scoring for West Ham United in the first half .  Aaron Cresswell made a miraculous block on the line to deny Andrej Kramaric 's effort .  Leicester 's Andy King scored the winner in the 86th minute at the King Power stadium .  David Nugent had the chance to all but secure a point for the Foxes but missed from the spot .  Leicester are four
Property prices soared by 10 % in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 % .  London will fare the worst , with prices actually dropping by 3.6 % .  It follows last year 's record price hike of 17.4 % in the capital .  This year will be the first since 2009 that the UK as a whole out-performs London .  But the housing market is still performing well
Prime Minister was pictured at breakfast with wife Samantha and three children .  Two weeks ago he let BBC film him preparing lunch at his Oxfordshire home .  This weekend it was the No 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention on ITV News .  Mr Cameron was teased for appearing to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book .  One of his older children replied : ` It
England bowled West Indies out for 299 in the second Test at St George 's .  Stuart Broad took three wickets for 19 in Grenada on day two .  Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott hit first half-century partnership .  Cook reached 17 of his unbeaten 37 he went past Alec Stewart to become the second highest run-scorer in England 's Test history .  Broad revealed that a chat with new
Children as young as two were squashed by adults .  Event in Sacramento , California , was trying to break the record for the world 's biggest Easter egg hunt .  But it descended into mayhem as parents ran into the field armed with baskets of their own .  The event , which did not break the world record , was raising money for victims of human trafficking .  Organizers
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas .  The 29-year-old 's horse Valegro won the world title in Lyon last year .
Female elephant was found trapped in a muddy quagmire in southern China .  The animal was lying on its side in a state of desperation when locals came across her .  More than 20 villagers and police officers used only ropes and wooden poles .  The five-ton animal died of starvation , dehydration or exhaustion .
Edwin ` Jock ' Mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , during interview .  Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas .  Victims were threatened with deportation if they did n't submit to his sexual demands .  One of the women , a virgin in her early 20s , fell pregnant when Mee raped her .  He
Youssouf Mulumbu has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for PFA Player of the Year award .  Tottenham striker Kane has scored 19 Premier League goals this term .  Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was also picked in goal .
The maps were designed by London-based The Eco Experts using the World Bank 's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures .  They are based on the world 's most threatened mammals , including the Sumatran rhino and the Talaud fruit bat .  Madagascar is second , with 114 endangered mammals , while Mexico sits in third with 101 .  In Madagascar , lemurs are one of the most
Leicester have announced a move for Super Rugby lock Mike Fitzgerald .  The 28-year-old New Zealander has helped the Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles .  He will follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road next season .
Oscar-winning actress Octavia Spencer was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children 's book ` Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective -- The Sweetest Heist in History '  Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line , demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust .  ` Octavia was
Kim Rose , 57 , was alleged to have bribed voters with sausage rolls at party event .  He was questioned by police over alleged criminal offence of ` treating '  He took in boxes of Jaffa Cakes to poke fun at the ` absolutely ridiculous ' investigation .  Ukip candidate , who is standing in key seat in Southampton Itchen , will face no further action .  He said
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1 .  The 33-year-old has scored 102 goals in less than three years in the French capital .  He now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books .  After the match , Saint-Etiene boss Christophe Galtier called him the ` best foreigner to ever play in France '  He has been a runaway success
Novelist Sue Townsend died aged 68 in April last year .  She achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole .  It told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager .
Grant Shapps accused of doctoring Wikipedia pages to promote himself .  Tory party chairman has denied the claims saying they were part of ` extreme dirty tricks campaign '  David Cameron described the claims as ` completely false and defamatory '  He said : ` This is one of the most bonkers stories I ' ve seen during this election campaign `
Prince Harry 's former girlfriend , Chelsy Davy , debuted a sophisticated summer outfit .  The 29-year-old was seen laughing and joking with friend , Irene Forte .  She wore a white chiffon top , navy trousers and croc-print clutch bag .  Davy is currently single after splitting up with Charles Goode in January .
Justin Rose finished joint second in The Masters at Augusta National .  The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana .  Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans this week .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao mega-fight went on sale at 3pm on Thursday .  Tickets for the May fight sold out within a minute of going on sale .  One ticket priced at $ 128,705 -LRB- # 85,508 -RRB- appeared on the StubHub website .  A lucky English fan managed to snare a ticket for $ 7,924 -LRB- # 5,265 -RRB- .  The fight took place at the MGM Resorts
Loose Women panellist Jamelia said ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated '  Said that obese women ` should feel uncomfortable ' about their size .  Admitted she found the anger directed towards her following her comments ` really difficult '  ` normal ' women have also lambasted the star using the hashtag # wearethethey .  One user posted a picture of herself in a pair of dungarees
Boeing 777-300ER was travelling from Guangzhou , China , to Addis Ababa .  Passengers were forced to disembark and enter the airport terminal .  Plane made an emergency landing in Mumbai due to engine trouble .
All Virgin 787 passengers will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook .  The # SkyhighSelfie app will allow customers to check in free of charge .  The first selfie spot will go live on Birthday Girl , the first of its 787 routes to be purchased .  Customers can take their picture with the iconic Virgin Atlantic Flying Lady carrying her celebratory champagne coupe .
Mary Doyle Keefe , who posed for the Rosie the Riveter painting as a 19-year-old telephone operator , has died aged 92 .  Rockwell 's famous painting shows the red-haired Rosie dressed in blue work overalls , with a sandwich in her left hand , a rivet gun on her lap and her feet resting on a copy of Hitler 's ` Mein Kampf '  She was paid $ 10
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death .  She was on death row for over 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim 's youngest child to reach adulthood-to decide whether or not the family wanted to pardon her .  Indonesian President Joko Widodo had previously written to the Saudi king asking for her family to
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India .  Her hair now stands at 7ft -LRB- 2.1 m -RRB- , more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player .  The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has ambitions of becoming a Guinness World Record holder .
Javier Hernandez scored six goals in eight starts as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 .  Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi .  The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid .  Real Madrid are now just two points behind league leaders
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the magazine 's annual Ultimate Guy Search .  He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway , who clinched the top spot last year .  Spokesman said : ` We ' re looking for a guy who 's physically fit , who lives a healthy lifestyle , leads by example , has overcome some challenges in his life ,
The four-bedroom property in central London 's Farm Street has gone on the market for # 25million .  Originally used as a milking parlour , it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century .  In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place .  At 8,139 square ft , it is
Per Mertesacker limped off in Arsenal 's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading .  The 6ft 6in German had just a minor ankle sprain when scans revealed it was a minor .  The stand-in Arsenal captain is not expected to be fit in time for Sunday 's clash .  Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Shane O ` Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby Cristabelle out for the first time in March 2013 .  The ticket they had bought fell on the floor just under the driver 's seat-invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty .  The couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine .  They exchanged
Tom Lees is in line to offer a new deal at Sheffield Wednesday .  The defender has impressed since joining the club last summer .  Keeren Westwood is among the contenders for the club 's Player of the Year award .
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected .  Scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B / Phuket .  Decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere .  High-risk groups-such as the very young and very old , and most indigenous Australians-will be able to access free , government-funded flu shots
As many as 1,700 soldiers killed by ISIS at Camp Speicher in northern Iraq .  Iraqi forensic teams described how they wept as they began to excavate graves .  The graves were found on Saddam Hussein 's presidential compound last Wednesday .  ` Dozens ' of ID cards belonging to the soldiers were found at dictator 's compound .  Families have been left wondering what became of their sons and
Images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles -LRB- 45,000 km -RRB- away .  They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties .  The ` alien ' spots , named feature 1 and feature 5 , show up in visible light images as bright flashes in comparison to the rest of Ceres 's surface .  In infrared , region 1
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner 's gender transition in an email conversation with former studio head Amy Pascal .  This while the two are discussing Crowe 's upcoming film Aloha , which stars Bradley Cooper , Emma Stone , Rachel McAdams , and Alec Baldwin .  This as it was revealed that only Khloe Kardashian initially supported him through his transition .
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan reveals she has ordered officials to start ` mapping the pressures ' on the state schools system .  Comes less than six months after she told the head of Ofsted it was not ` helpful ' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an ` influx ' of migrants .  It is expected to look at how migrant children perform in exams and how schools
Tottenham host Burnley in the Capital One Cup on Sunday .  Michel Vorm is set to deputise for Hugo Lloris at Turf Moor .  The Dutchman had to watch on from the bench at Wembley against Chelsea last month .  Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm 's attitude despite being behind the Frenchman in the pecking order .  Vorm played in all of the games for Tottenham except the final .
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes .  Diego Godin -LRB- 7 -RRB- and Guilherme Siqueira -LRB- 6 -RRB- kept Madrid at bay .  Cristiano Ronaldo and Gabi were crowded out by Real Madrid 's Mario Suarez .  Modric , James
Justus Howell , 17 , was gunned down from behind by police in Zion , Illinois .  Officers were called to reports of an argument with Tramond Peet , 18 , on Saturday .  Howell had just taken a handgun from Peest , who was trying to sell it to him .  Police chief Steve Dumyahn said the argument was in fact a scuffle .  Howell allegedly pointed it at
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter 's Hospital in Chertsey , Surrey , on May 28 last year .  She died from a head injury the next day despite the best effort of medical teams .  Her mother , Kirsty Lee , 25 , and former boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen , 35 , appeared at Guildford Magistrates ` Court today .  Pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing
Ron Vlaar is out of contract with Aston Villa at the end of the season .  The 30-year-old has only made 12 Premier League starts this season .  Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth at Villa Park .  The Dutch defender starred in Holland 's run to the World Cup semi-finals in Brazil last year .  He played under Louis van Gaal and will face his
Brett Robinson , 33 , worked as a services technician at Washington County Jail .  She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell and had sex with him on his birthday .  The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson 's manager left the room .  When her manager went to lunch , Robinson ` kissed her so passionately '  She wrote a love letter that began with
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal .  The hippo calf became separated from its herd after emerging from the water .  Accompanied by a hunting partner , the big cat leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out of its back .  But the calf 's angry mother
Alex Stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` Jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature A Rape on Campus .  He was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out .  Rolling Stone 's reporting was torn apart by Columbia University professors , who pointed out ` basic , even routine ' failures in how the story
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi 's Bab al-Aziziya palace , situated in the capital city of Tripoli , has lain in ruin for almost four years .  The once feared compound was hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago .  Now , only shabby outbuildings are left on the palace grounds , covered in graffiti and revolutionary slogans .  The palace was once a
Researchers created a model ` hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ` progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial .  HIV infects CD4 + T-cells , which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases .  As HIV progresses , it reduces the number of active T-cell in the body until the .  immune system cannot function correctly , a state
A second election swiftly after polling day is ` extremely likely ' , says Professor Paul Whiteley .  ` I do n't see another coalition government lasting five years , ' he said .  Other experts also warned that a ` messy and unstable ' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the Conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote .  Oxford academic
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Berlin in January 2013 .  The gang , who fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than # 8.3 m , have never been found .  The Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London .  During that near-identical raid , 71 security boxes were raided .  The gang
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Steven Gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by Brendan Rodgers .  The midfielder looked confused by the various roles given to him .  Here , Sportsmail takes a closer look at the Liverpool captain 's performance .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Clayton Donaldson scored a late winner as Birmingham beat Reading 1-0 .  Reading dominated most of the match but wasted several chances in the closing stages of the first half .  Goalkeeper Adam Federici , whose fumble led to Alexis Sanchez 's winning goal , was retained against Birmingham .  Reading were involved in a dramatic 2-1 defeat against Arsenal after extra-time , in the last four of the FA
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket when Jermaine Blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to Alastair Cook .  But the Durham all-rounder 's front foot had crossed the line and Stokes earned a reprieve .  It 's not the first time Stokes has been denied his first Test wicket .
Emma Jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago .  Within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare .  Neighbour Mark Ray , 56 , had a penchant for watching TV with the volume turned up at all hours of the day .  She asked Mr Ray to turn it down but was met with a
Deborah Fuller , 56 , dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car .  The dog was left with injuries to all four paws as well as a deep elbow wound .  He is believed to have escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway because his lead was attached to the vehicle 's tailgate .  Fuller , of Lawford , Essex
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to ` purge ' previous relationships .  The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man 's genitals while in his car .  The pair were detained on suspicion of throwing acid on her ex-boyfriend 's face and body .  They were also accused of attacking a man that flirted with Levato in Ibiza .  The pair bought paint guns , pepper spray and `
Silvia , from New York , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances .  In the Discovery TV show My Extraordinary Pregnancy she is seen picking up rocks outside her house , saying : ` I feel really upset and guilty , I feel ashamed but I have to do it '  The obstetrician says : ` If I could trade with someone that
Charley Hull has the same mentality and ` wow factor ' as world No 1 Rory McIlroy .  The 19-year-old has added 25 yards to her drive since hooking up with swing coach Matt Belsham earlier this year .  Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson .  Hull is a member of the Women 's British Open at Turnberry in July
The man , known only as Chase , proposed to his girlfriend inside a McDonald 's restaurant .  He dropped down on one knee and popped the question inside the restaurant .  The couple then engaged in a passionate embrace by the food counter .  Their friends filmed the video , shot in an undisclosed city in the US , whoop and yell : ` Man this is real ,
The ` # kyliejennerchallenge ' trend is sweeping social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up .  The method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up .  The method is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner 's bee-stung pout .  The method works
The rapper and businessman tweeted in a string of ` stream of consciousness ' tweets on Sunday .  Tidal , launched last month , was described as a flop by the New York Post 's gossip site Page Six .  The site claimed that Apple is trying to take Tidal ahead of its scheduled relaunch in June of its own Beats Music by taking a long time to approve iOS
Legendary commentator and former Australia captain Richie Benaud died on Friday aged 84 .  His wife , Daphne , has politely declined the offer of a state funeral for her late husband .  The private service for Benaud will take place this week .  The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday .  A veteran
AP McCoy 's last chance of a National winner before he retires has evaporated .  Benvolio , his intended mount in this afternoon 's Coral Scottish National at Ayr was withdrawn .  McCoy finished fifth on favourite Shutthefrontdoor in last Saturday 's Grand National .  The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion is not expected to ride again until Sandown next weekend .  A crowd of close to 20,000 is expected at Sandown
Deaths in Britain , which have been falling for 40 years , will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades , a report has found .  The International Longevity Centre-UK said the numbers of deaths will rise .  A ` simple ' funeral , with a cremation , a minister and an undertaker , now costs an average of # 3,590 ,
West Ham have announced a new five-year multi-million pound kit deal with Umbro .  The Hammers join fellow Premier League sides Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers .  Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s when the likes of Bobby Moore , Sir Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters famously wore the claret and blue in their 1964 FA Cup
JCNO jeans , popular at Nineties raves , are threatening to make a comeback .  The brand responsible for the huge wideleg ` rave ' jeans , is set to return .  Celebrities such as Rihanna , Christina Aguilera and Destiny 's Child are all fans of camouflage print .  Femail rounds up the worst offenders in the Nineties and Noughties .  The trend was ditched in favour of softer
Indianara Carvalho , 23 , shot to fame after winning Miss BumBum contest .  She had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity .  She posted a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary .  She accompanied the racy photo with the phrase : ` Good Friday . Lord , on this day I ask for peace , love , wisdom
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix ever did .  It was great to catch up with Team Sky 's Geraint Thomas and Sir Chris Hoy at Skillogalee Winery north of Adelaide .  Some of the best wine is made within an hour 's drive of the city , from the
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach , California , filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee .  As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays , footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant 's face .  When the chorus builds , tears appear in Paul 's eyes and his lips start quivering .
Yellowstone supervolcano releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day .  But magma chamber beneath surface is not considered large enough to produce levels .  Now researchers have found a secondary chamber deeper underground .  It 's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over .  It sits 12 to 28 miles -LRB- 19 to 45km -RRB- beneath the supervalcano and measures 11,035
Koby Hodder 's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed .  He was playing British Bulldog when he suffered a cardiac arrest .  This is where the electrical activity of the heart becomes so chaotic that it stops pumping and quivers or ` fibrillates ' instead .  The 10-year-old was diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba , a former Bolton Wanderers player who
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne , France , is on the market for just # 703,400 .  The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour .  The castle was refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002 .  With the average price of a central London flat hitting # 1.35 m million , the castle is a positive ` bargain '
The Rev . Robert H . Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia , California .  He was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment .  He and his late wife , Arvella , started a ministry in 1955 with $ 500 when he began preaching from the roof of a concession stand at a drive-in movie
Southampton host Tottenham at St Mary 's on Saturday .  Steven Davis says the Saints have an advantage over Spurs .  The former Argentina defender is one of many to have worked under Mauricio Pochettino .
Matthew Kenney , 34 , told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked through traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers .  He said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him .  Kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct , making a riot and possession of a controlled substance .
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes on April 18,2015 .  The event kicked off in Queensland , Australia , with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park .  It ended in style in Los Angeles , California , at the Hollywood & Highland Center .  Venues in 15 cities , including Los
Clinton N ` Jie gave Lyon the lead in the Rhone Valley derby .  Lindsay Rose saw red for Hubert Fournier 's high flyers .  Romain Hamouma put St-Etienne ahead on the brink of half-time .  Christophe Jallet equalised to clinch a point .  Lille kept fourth place in Ligue 1 with a 2-0 win over Bordeaux .
Paul Pogba met with Paris Saint-Germain president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo on Tuesday .  PSG striker Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday .  Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas .  Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan 's main transfer target for the summer .  Stoke have made an enquiry about Dnipro in the Premier League .
Helal Abbas , 55 , lost his bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London .  Race was won by Lutfur Rahman , 50 , a controversial figure who has been accused in a separate High Court case of rigging his re-election victory last year .  The London Bangla ran an advert accusing Mr Abbas of assaulting his ex-wife .  Mr Abbas lost the election by 12,000 votes
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United .  The 17-year-old broke into Anderlecht 's first team and was highly-coveted .  Sir Alex Ferguson tried to bring him to Old Trafford but the move did n't materialise .
Rafa Nadal has won at the French Open in nine of the last 10 years .  The Spaniard is looking to win a sixth consecutive French Open .  Novak Djokovic is tipped to end Nadal 's stranglehold at Roland Garros .  But Nadal insists this year will be no different to previous ones .
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening .  Jeremy Mathieu scored in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona the lead .  Fabian Orellana threw a lump of grass in the direction of Sergio Busquets .  The striker was shown a straight red card for the incident .
Aroostook County Sheriff 's Office responded to a home in Perham on Sunday and found Ashley Doody acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior .  Doody , who is a nurse , has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19 .
JJ Watt , 26 , released a video of his incredible 61-inch vertical leap .  The standout defensive end has signed a $ 100million contract with the Houston Texans .  He will be the face of Reebok 's ` Be More Human ' ad campaign .  The 26-year-old jumped more than five feet in the air despite weighing nearly 300 pounds .
The mystery man has wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is .  All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka .  He may or may not have come from Denmark within the past few days .  He is being cared for at London 's St Thomas ` Hospital while police appeal for
Miranda Ashley Calvin , 19 , of Gresham , Oregon , was arrested on Sunday afternoon .  She allegedly hit 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Hornig with her car .  When police arrived at the scene at 8.30 pm on Saturday night , she was found dead .  Calvin was arrested and booked on manslaughter , felony hit-and-run and reckless driving .
James Oliver , 48 , was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier , 53 .  Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro , Maine , on Saturday night .  The pair had argued inside the home after Currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault a young girl .  Oliver was arrested
LPAC , the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee , launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday .  Tennis star Billie Jean King is co-chairing the group .  The video in which Hillary announced she was running for president included a clip of a lesbian couple .  In her 2008 campaign , Clinton did not support gay marriage .  The Economist called Clinton 's stance on gay marriage , ` cautious to
Elliot Daly has been named Aviva Premiership player of the month for March .  The uncapped centre , 22 , scored two tries for Wasps in March .  Daly is set to be called into England 's World Cup training squad .  Dai Young said : ` He 's the type of player you ' ve got to have in the team `
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife Diane , who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue .  The grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm .  North East Ambulance Service admitted delay was initially due to the call handler error which resulted in an incorrect priority .  Mr Priestley said he
John Tuite , 22 , and Carlos Santolalla , 25 , go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos , and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on New York City 's party scene .  Both John and Carlos were told by their previous modeling agencies to act more ` butch ' and delete their joint Instagram account , where they often pose kissing and holding hands .
Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location for Hollywood blockbusters such as Game of Thrones , Interstellar and Prometheus .  Thingvellir National Park is the setting of the battle of the Hound and Brienne in Arya 's storyline .  The Svinafellsjokull glacier provided a stunning setting for Christopher Nolan 's epic film , Interstollar .  Ridley Scott scouted Europe 's most powerful waterfall , the Dettifoss , for the
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose .  Police were called to The Esplanade in Surfers Paradise on March 26 .  They released the reptile into bushland at the Southport Spit .  Biosecurity Queensland is working with the Gold Coast City Council in a bid to find the snake .  There are fears if the boa is pregnant there could be up to 30 live young .
Emily Grimson , from Shopshire , is one of Britain 's most successful models .  The 25-year-old has already built a lucrative full-time career making up to # 100 an hour .  She moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .  The former beauty writer , who is signed with BMA Models , was encouraged to give hand modelling a shot after
Churchill Downs , which hosts the Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd , has banned the use of selfie sticks .  The pole-like contraptions grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits .  Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids .  The Smithsonian and the National Gallery of Art in Washington prohibit their use .  Some
Liana Barrientos , 38 , of the Bronx , has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument , involving marriage licences .  One of the men she married was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the U.S. . in 2006 .  At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously .  One of her marriages took place in New York state
YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons reveals average of 17 cups of tea a week .  Research shows tea-drinking habits increase as we get older .  Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week compared to 18 to 24-year-olds who only drink eight cups .  Almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when unwell .  More than half of
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training .  The Championship side are the first club to provide such training .  Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in question and answer sessions .  It is led by a former police detective and a psychotherapist .  Four current and former Brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013 .
Prime Minister Harold Wilson convinced terrorists would target Charles at investiture .  He sent Met Police officers to Wales in lead-up to ceremony to join fight against extremists who had already set off a series of bombs .  The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups .  Movement for the Defence of Wales -LRB- MAC -RRB- and the Free Wales Army -LRB- FWA -RRB- .  Wilson later
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences .  Police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts on the Gold Coast .  Zayne Robert Dalton , 20 , was doing burnout before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in an effort to evade them .  Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the
Sharky Jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria .  The Melbourne man 's father , Dada Jama , told SBS Radio he had been told of news via a text message and phone call .  Somali broadcaster Ibrahim Mohamed said he had spoken with the family on Wednesday .  The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm his death as its capacity to do so was ` extremely
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010 .  But at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular .  Five years and 225 million units later , it seems many critics have been proved wrong-for now .  In the first 24 hours of Apple 's launch the company sold 300,000 units .  Nine incarnations
Adele Sarno , 85 , is facing eviction from her $ 820-a-month apartment in Manhattan 's Little Italy neighborhood .  Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home .  Sarno has been living in the apartment since 1962 when rent was only $ 150 a month .  The grandmother tried to go through the courts to see
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes .  The boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash .  After disaster strikes , there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box-as seen in recent tragedies such as Germanwings
Burnley host Arsenal at Turf Moor -LRB- Saturday , 5.30 pm -RRB- .  Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off .  Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list .  Laurent Koscielny -LRB- groin -RRB- and Wojciech Szczesny -LRB- rib -RRB- face fitness tests .  Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby back in contention .  Arsenal have let in
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30,1975 .  He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land , and so he hoovered over as his family safely jumped out .  This after he managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning .  Lilly Leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm .  Meanwhile , Mrs Pulitzer 's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair-but missed out .  More
The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other .  The series is named after the 1955 Broadway show The Seven year Itch .  The program chooses four couples who have reached the seven year mark and guide them through the switch .  After the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide
Arsenal are third in the Premier League , level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand .  Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Gunners fans upon his return to the Emirates .  Jose Mourinho 's side have won 13 of their last 13 games .  Arsene Wenger 's men have won just one of the last 13 Premier League games .  The Gunners
The note was left in the window of an undisclosed chippy in London .  The owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family .  In black pen he wrote : ` This shop will be closed for 1 week . Re-open on Mon 16th March '  It was posted around a month ago but was circulated on Twitter this week .
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City , but the club are set to make him available this summer .  Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian .  Inter Milan are interested in the 31-year-old midfielder .  Toure has more than two years left on his current # 220,000-a-week deal .  City will resist any attempt by
Lisa Skinner , 52 , shot the male home invader after he broke into the house she shared with her mother in South Huntsville , Alabama .  Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife .  His injuries are life threatening but Mrs Skinner is expected to survive .  Mr Skinner , 59 , had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to
Roy Keane has denied committing a public order offence .  Former Manchester United captain will stand trial in June .  He is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to cabbie Fateh Kerar .  Keane did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates ` Court on Wednesday .
Aleel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children 's Hospital about 5.15 pm on Friday .  The five-year-old believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles in the water .  Her mother Akon Guode visited her daughter for the first time but did not stay the night in the hospital .  The children 's father , Joseph Tito Manyang ,
Gang of six jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of string of offences .  Offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child , to rape .  They happened in cars , woods or at defendants ` homes in Banbury , Oxfordshire .  Victims , aged between 13 and 16 , were targeted at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule , 21 , known as `
Paul converted to Christianity after seeing a bright light in the sky .  He was blinded for three days and he heard a divine voice or sound .  The experience apparently so affected Paul that he converted .  But astronomers believe it may have been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago .  They say descriptions of Paul 's conversion match accounts of the fireball .  The fireball streaked across the
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , 68 , had quadruple coronary bypass surgery on April 16 .  He was admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease .  The successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer 's heart .  After retiring from the NBA , the 19-time All Star and six-time MVP starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail .  She left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .  One read : ` Apes were never meant to drive so stop '  Another said : ` I ' m not racist , ` but I can see how someone can become -LSB- sic -RSB- hating -LSB- expletive
Burger King offers pina colada smoothie , while Pret A Manger has gone whole hog .  The British sandwich chain 's new concept is called ` Good Evenings '  It runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only at branch on The Strand .  Diners can order at the tills but be served at tables decked out in silverware .  Burger King 's Party in the Park menu
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a skillful trick .  Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws .
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer .  Noreen Spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal .  But 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , she developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast .  The mother-of-three from Derbyshire was n't concerned , her daughter , a radiographer , insisted she see a
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies .  They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust .  The tower built by Nepal 's royal rulers in the 1800s was one of the country 's most treasured monuments .  It was
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 .  Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show support for his fellow Dutchmen .  Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall and drawing with Stephen Bunting .  Adrian Lewis won his third match on the bounce , beating Bunting , 7-2 .  Gary Anderson fought back form 6-2 down to earn himself a draw against James Wade .
Sources tell TMZ the divorce was amicable .  They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody .  Insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10-year-old Apple and Moses aged nine .  Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman married in December 2003 .
Jack Andraka , 18 , grew up in suburban Maryland with his parents .  He was ostracised as a geek and bullied when he came out as gay , aged 13 .  A close family friend , Uncle Ted , died of pancreatic cancer .  At summer camp , Jack met a sympathetic counsellor and began to channel his grief into science that would make him a star .
South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert , 31 , has been fired and charged with felony assault .  Levar Jones , 36 , has no criminal record and was on his way home from work .  He was shot in the stomach as he followed instructions to produce his driver 's license .  Mr Jones writhed in agony , calling the officer ` Sir ' and pleading to know why
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid 's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo .  The Manchester United striker has now scored six goals in eight games .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side are two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona .
James Gregoire was killed following a ` altercation ' in Clacton , Essex .  The 54-year-old victim , known as ` Pongo ' , was found dead in an alleyway .  The suspect , 21 , has been arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40 am .  He is being questioned in connection with the death of the man , who was known as Pongo .  Brawl continued across the
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season .  Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to be named PFA Players ` Player of the Year .  Hazard has been Chelsea 's outstanding performer , scoring 17 times in 44 matches .  The 26-year-old has scored just once in the opening nine matches of the campaign .  Gareth Bale is the favourite to win
Paula Dunican , 49 , spent # 25 on the coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when she tried on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through '  Inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  Asda apologised and offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday .  The 56-year-old can be heard shouting : ` What kind of moron are you ? '  Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a pedestrian .  He was charged with menacing ,
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South at Ibrox on Thursday .  Stuart McCall insists he 's loving life at the club .  The former Motherwell boss admitted being wowed by Murray Park .  McDowall quit after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker manager .  Rangers host Raith Rovers in the Scottish Premiership on Sunday .
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients .  ` The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work , ' Phillips said of her mother who died in the summer of
Men do just two hours of housework a day while working , which increases to 3.9 after they retire .  But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden .  Study of 1,302 German couples found men do just 2 hours a day .
Bounkham ` Bou Bou ' Phonesavanh was left mangled after SWAT police tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib last spring .  He suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident .  His family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million .  While the settlement is n't enough to cover his continued medical care as he gets older , the
Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four .  Cesc Fabregas is out injured , with Loic Remy out injured .  Willian will start on the right and Oscar may drop out of the starting line-up .  Chelsea are four points clear of Arsenal with two games in hand .  Oscar has n't scored for Chelsea since the middle of
Blackburn were knocked out of the FA Cup on Wednesday night .  The Sky Bet Championship side were beaten 1-0 by Liverpool at Ewood Park .  Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players .  The Blackburn boss has rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the past two transfer windows .  Bowyer 's side face Liverpool in the semi-final at Wembley on
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League .  Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs .  Black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance .  If Ramsey is sacked , people will say it was about results , not race .
The Queen , 88 , was spotted riding her Fell pony , Carltonlima Emma .  Joined by a groom on another Fell ponies , she enjoyed the sunshine .  The monarch , who has never worn riding helmets , never wears a helmet .  She prefers to ride in a silk headscarf instead of a helmet .  The Queen 's racing trainer , Ian Balding , said : ` I
Poppy Smart was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work .  The 23-year-old tried to ignore the whistles and sexist comments .  The marketing co-ordinator , from Worcester , called the police after a month of unwanted attention .  She also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment .  She said the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and made her work
Crystal O ` Connor , owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton , Indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding .  She has closed her store , but said she will reopen again and $ 850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days .  She also said : ` It is not a sin that we bring gays into
Jodie Barden , 28 , is mother to Ella , eight , and Chloe , one , who have Cockayne Syndrome .  The condition causes premature ageing , an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head .  Sufferers usually do n't live to see their teenage years and die from pneumonia .  Mrs Barden has made arrangements for both daughters ` funerals with her husband , Luke , 28 .
Fossils belonged to a species known as Pterichthyoides milleri-or ` Pessie '  They were found in 19th century collection at Inverness Museum and Art Gallery .  Scientists have revealed that the fossil may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness .  The name ` Pter Lochthyodes ' refers to the creatures ` odd wing-like appendages - ' pterichichs ` - from the
Lewis Hamilton won his third race of the season in Bahrain .  Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren .  The Briton failed to make it to the start-line at the Bahrain Grand Prix .  Bernie Ecclestone denied trying to engineer a deal for Hamilton to join Ferrari .  The 84-year-old also confirmed that F1 would be in Azerbaijan for the first time next year .
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych to reach the Miami Open final .  The Scot will face his growing nemesis , Novak Djokovic , in Sunday 's final .  It will be Murray 's first Masters level final since he won the title two years ago .
Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures from an observatory he built in his back garden .  The 72-year-old is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his home near High Wycombe .  These include sunspots , solar prominences , coronal loops and solar flares .  He first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the BBC 's Sky at Night in 1957 .
Kate Temple was called a ` homewrecker ' by victim Shelley Williams .  She accused her of having an affair with her partner .  When Temple and her sister went to leave the charity event the victim threw a drink over her .  The three women got into a scuffle and Temple left the victim covered in blood .  The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another
Nigel Pearson has revealed he has turned to former manager Howard Wilkinson .  The Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games .  They host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win .  They will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if Burnley fail to win at Everton and they beat Swansea by three goals .  Pearson has come
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014 , the area around Azle , Texas , shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes .  Scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground .  The oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater , which can have chemicals , heavy metals , salt and radioactive material .
School safety experts have reported a ` worrying increase ' in e-terrorism , where threats are sent electronically-sometimes from thousands of miles away .  The Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year .  Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media
Latvia-based Drive eO has created a one megawatt electric race car .  The eO PP03 runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack .  It produces 1020 kW -LRB- 1368 horsepower -RRB- and speeds of up to 160 mph -LRB- 260 km / h -RRB- .  It is set to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in June .  The race is the second oldest motor racing event in
The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang , Jiangxi , China .  A receptionist across the road said she heard a loud bang around midnight .  When she went out to have a look she discovered the body of a boy lying on top of a white car .  The boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt .  The boy 's father said : ` I
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series on Saturday .  The Yorkshireman has won consecutive races in the series .  Gwen Jorgensen racked up an eighth series victory in a row .  The series next moves to South Africa and Cape Town .
Target 's 250-piece collection of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning .  The collection , which included clothing , accessories , and homeware , attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened .  Speedy re-sellers started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price , including a $ 150
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found 37 % impressed with PM 's performance .  Compared with 31 % who think Ed Miliband has done well on campaign trail .  Separate poll of marginal seats by former Tory treasurer Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip 's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches .  Meanwhile , SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has impressed 21 % of voters on the
Research by doctors from Oxford University has found that babies ` brains are more sensitive to pain than adults .  It overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold .  In the first study of its kind , the researchers showed in brain scans that infants ` brains react in much the same way as adults when given even mild pain .  Up until the 1980s it
Atletico Madrid beat bottom side Cordoba 2-0 in Andalucia on Saturday .  Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season .  Saul Niguez added a second in the 39th minute to secure victory .  Valencia can reclaim third spot with a win at home to Villarreal on Sunday .
Tracey Woodford , 47 , is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday .  She was taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a pub with .  Her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' around 3pm on Friday afternoon .  Man named locally as Christopher May , 50 , has been arrested over her murder .  Police
John Goodwin , 75 , of Atkinson , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault .  Prosecutors said that Atkinson , who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 years old .  Goodwin 's lawyer acknowledged his client was ` touchy-feely , ' but he did n't commit a crime .  Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. . Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran 's executioners for their work .  ` All the shots were done perfectly , ' he said .  He declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country .  He dismissed Australia 's withdrawal of its ambassador as a ` momentary reaction '  ` I would like to say that an execution is not a pleasant thing . It
Shigella infections , otherwise known as ` Delhi Belly ' or ` Montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic , India or other countries .  Outbreaks of the bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults .  The superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and Puerto Rico
The clip was uploaded by YouTube user honda4ridered .  In another video the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to pocket four balls in a single shot with no dominoes in the mix .
An elderly man was bitten by a crocodile at Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course .  The 75-year-old man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the reptile ` nipped ' him .  He received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf .  Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer posted his well wishes on Twitter .  The man was taken to Mossman District
Manchester City were beaten 2-1 by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park .  Glenn Murray opened the scoring before Jason Puncheon scored a stunning free-kick .  Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors , but it was n't enough .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side had recorded seven victories in a row against Palace .  City had also failed to score in their last three league games against them .  Joel
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 .  For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 per cent .  Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama 's health care law , or a milestone on the path toward getting virtually all
Brendan Rodgers says Liverpool 's recent defeats are down to his players .  The Reds ` 3-4-2-1 formation was introduced from mid-December .  They have won 13 of their last 13 Premier League games .  But they were thrashed 1-0 by Blackburn in the FA Cup on Wednesday .  The Reds have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places .  Rodgers says he does n't think it
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures .  From a boat parked between two cars by someone who ` knew what was coming ' to a man windsurfing on his umbrella as a sail .  There are severe weather warnings in place for Metropolitan , Mid North Coast , Hunter and Illawarra .  Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs clashed on Monday night .
Greg Gibbins , 28 , was fatally stabbed with a knife in the early hours of Easter Monday .  He and his 25-year-old friend were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast , NSW on Sunday night .  The pair were found with serious stab wounds at about 12.10 am from an alleged random attack .  The Wyong Roos rugby league club player was treated at the
The 42-year-old mother-of-two posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon .  She said : ` This is what $ 29 gets you at the grocery store-what families on SNAP -LRB- i . e . food stamps -RRB- have to live on for a week '  Gwyneth , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite Goop , will be living off just $ 29 worth
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia .  Photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes , while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him .  After lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012 .  During the eruption , which lasted more than six months , it
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Michael Keith Spell , 25 , of Parachute , Colorado , was sentenced to 100 years in prison for the 2012 murder of Sherry Arnold , 43 .  Arnold , a popular maths teacher from the small town of Sidney , Montana , was on a morning jog on January 7 when she disappeared .  She was found strangled to death in a shallow grave in North Dakota .  Co-defendant
Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision .  The incident occurred over the Arabian Sea in Mumbai airspace .  Dubai-based Emirates referred to the apparent near-miss as an ` air traffic control incident '  A resolution Advisory -LRB- RA -RRB- was given to both planes , which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision .  Etihad have maintained that
Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for Real Madrid with a 21st minute free-kick .  Javier ` Chicharito ' Hernandez added a second in the second half .  Real Madrid move up to third in La Liga with a 3-0 win over Eibar .  Ronaldo had not scored a La Liga free-kicks since last March .  Manchester United loanee Hernandez scored his first goal of the season .  CLICK HERE for
Anti-Islam protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Melbourne .  Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group .  The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification .  The halal sector could be worth $ 1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050 .
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the Masters .  The world No 1 is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles .  The Irishman was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th .  The 25-year-old has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances
Candice Swanepoel , 26 , has appeared in Max Factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than Marilyn Monroe .  The South African bombshell dons a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick .  Max Factor , which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year , is widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 .  She
Diane McLean , a 58-year-old child psychiatrist in the South Bronx , says she and daughter Rose , 8 , and twins James and Annabelle , 5 , lost nothing more than the clothes on their backs in the fire that destroyed their East Village apartment building last week .  A GoFundMe campaign has raised nearly $ 90,000 for the family .  Two people died in the explosion , Moises
Pritesh , 36 and Mansi Gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago .  Couple repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition .  Mansi fell pregnant in 2007 but Khushi was born with brain haemorrhages .  Mansi was diagnosed with cervical insufficiency-premature dilation of the cervix due to the weight of a growing baby .  Doctors put stitches in Mansi 's crvix in a
Wales take on Belgium at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12 .  Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden .
Mechanical arm slams into red and black suitcases on conveyor belt .  As the suitcases whizz round , a mechanical arm pushes them onto a lower track .  It appears to work on a sensor system , but what might shock is the force of the action .  Baggage pushers like this are used at airports all over the world .  It is not known where the video was taken
David Beckham 's son Romeo ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday .  The 12-year-old ran the race , raising # 6,000 for charity .  It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers .  Beckham cried for the final ten minutes of his professional football career .  Paula Radcliffe also cried as she bowed out of competitive running
Former England rugby captain Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole .  Moody and his fellow trekker team mates were unharmed in the incident .  Moody is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines .  It is hoped the trek will raise # 250,000 for the Lewis Moody Foundation .
Fern Britton , 57 , had her first experience of depression as a child .  The mother-of-four has suffered attacks throughout her adult life .  She has been married to her second husband TV chef Phil Vickery , 53 , for 15 years .  The couple met on the TV food show Ready , Steady , Cook .  She finally came off anti-depressants last year but admits she is fully
Arshdeep Kaur , 14 , and her mother Shinder , 38 , were travelling from their home in Punjab , India .  They were attacked by a group of about half a dozen men on a bus near Moga .  The men made several attempts to ` molest ' them , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in .  The incident took place on a near-empty
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park .  Philippe Coutinho 's 70th-minute strike gave Liverpool the lead .  Simon Eastwood 's last-gasp strike was saved by Simon Mignolet .  Jordan Henderson believes the result will give Liverpool a much-needed lift .  The Reds will now play Aston Villa in a Wembley semi-final on April 19 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons .  The 25-year-old has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth .  Allen has been integral to Liverpool 's recent improvement .  Captain Steven Gerrard is no longer an automatic starter for the Reds .  The Brazilian Lucas Leiva has also been sidelined .  Allen believes recent performances in big victories against
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app .  Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video .  The app 's homepage has a row of Featured clips , each tagged with a certain topic .  It does n't reveal what the maximum number of clips in a project is , but each clip can be
George and Amal Clooney have submitted plans to improve their # 10million Berkshire mansion .  The newlyweds will have a 12-seater home cinema and swimming pool .  Industry experts say a cinema room is now an ` expected ' luxury in properties worth over # 10m .  Cinemas are often a clever investment as they make use of low value space in the dark basement .
Obama said cyber attacks ` pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the U.S. .  Said it required more than ` diplomacy , law enforcement , and cooperation with other nations and the private sector ' to tackle .  Hackers working in China and Russia targeted America 's defense contractors , while hackers in Iran were targeting banks and North Korea went after Sony .
Eva Kor embraced former SS guard Oskar Groening as he stood in dock .  The 81-year-old was accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people .  He stood over her bed and laughed after she was injected with ` deadly germ '  Auschwitz survivor was criticised by other victims and their families .  She said : ` As long as we understand my forgiveness that the victim has a right to
Greg Scott , 51 , a Georgia high school basketball coach , was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia a few weeks ago .  The father of two had been diagnosed with pneumonia .  Scott had taught special education and social studies at Cass High School and was the school 's head basketball coach for the past eight years .  After a week off for Spring Break , Scott returned to
54 per cent of single women say one of the best things about being single is to be able to go home and straight to bed .  But for men , the best perk is the ` variety of sexual partners '  More than half of the population claim finding ` the one ' is their biggest priority in life , but women seem to be ` all talk and
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Emmanuel Sithole fled to South Africa in the hope of a better life but was murdered by a mob .  The Mozambique-born passer-by was attacked by a man carrying a metal wrench in Alexandra township near Johannesburg .  Another thug joined in the attack using a knife to stab him repeatedly while the first attacked continued to beat him with the wrench .  Doctors tried
Italian Glamour : The Essence of Italian Fashion , From the Postwar Years to the Present Day , captures the evolution of Mediterranean style .  The book was compiled by Enrico Quinto , 51 , and Paolo Tinarelli , 49 .  The two men established the first flea market in Rome and were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in Italy .  The book focuses on the humble
Memorial display at Dusseldorf airport has revealed the first photograph of Patrick Sondheimer .  He tried to break down the cockpit door to stop co-pilot Andreas Lubitz from crashing the plane .  Mr Sonquister , 36 , spent up to five minutes trying to smash his way into the cockpit using an axe .  The father-of-two tried in vain to save the lives of the 144 passengers and five crew
Peter Schweizer 's new book , Clinton Cash , is set to be published May 5th by HarperCollins .  According to author , there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors .  Introducing the book , former George W Bush speechwriter said : ` We will see a pattern of financial transactions involving the Clintons that occurred contemporaneous with favorable
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the Titanic sank .  It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett .  One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur .  It has since been owned by an English Titanic collector for 15 years .  The anonymous owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state
Mats Hummels looks set to join Manchester United this summer .  Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a # 15million move to Old Trafford .  The midfielder anchors Dortmund 's midfield and could be brought in to protect United 's defence .  Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a # 150m transfer kitty .
Third of parents polled belt out hip hop songs to soothe little ones .  Eurythmics ` There Must be an Angel came second , followed by Vanilla Ice 's Ice Ice Baby .  More current hits from Pitbull , Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith also made the cut .  Quarter of mums polled said they sing songs from TV ads to send babies to sleep .  A quarter of dads
Fernando Torres spent three-and-half-seasons at Liverpool .  The striker struck up a close friendship with Steven Gerrard .  Torres has struggled for form since leaving the club .  The 31-year-old has only scored four goals for Atletico Madrid .
US officials are expected to stop prosecuting families of American hostages who communicate with kidnappers abroad or raise funds and pay ransoms .  A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group , ordered by the White House , is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in US hostage policy .  The NCTC interviewed families of hostages , including the parents of journalist James Foley , who was killed by
Astronauts Samantha Cristoforetti and Terry Virts captured the eye of Typhoon Maysak early in the morning .  The storm was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon , causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today .  It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday .  As it moved over the Pacific
James Paul Harris , 30 , originally charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety .  But he pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter .  The victim 's brother , Tom , called the justice system ` a joke ' after learning how long Harris would serve .  A judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months on Monday .  A former
Pat Ingles , 69 , from Edinburgh , loves to party the night away dancing on tables .  The retired hairdresser , who lives in Menorca with her friend Julia Church , 67 , says her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents .  Pat lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer .  She says she does n't want to look after someone full-time again .
Rodney Stover , 48 , a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men 's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles , rapists , and other sex-offenders .  The shelter is located just one block from the Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $ 27,000 per year .  Stover was arraigned on Thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack
45 per cent of under-30s surveyed for the British Chiropractic Association said they had a painful back or neck .  Across all age groups , 86 per cent said it was a problem -- compared with 77 per cent last year .  As gadgets get smaller , users lean over them more , putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure .
The story of Rapunzel , the girl trapped in a tower who is rescued by a prince , has captivated little would-be princesses .  But not everyone ditches the extra-long look when they hit adulthood .  The number of middle-aged women with long natural hair is on the rise .  Fiona Steane , 50 , wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 .  She 's had
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday .  The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters .  He held a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action and never looked back .  He was joint-second , along with Jonas Blixt , to Bubba Watson at last year 's tournament .  It is almost 20 years since a Tiger
Nigel Farage dismissed criticism of lack of diversity in Ukip 's manifesto .  He said there was a ` half black ' party spokesman featured on page six .  He said the question provoked noisy barracking , including from a group of black and Asian candidates attending the launch .  Mr Farage said the premise was wrong , with the picture of the party 's immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored
Lib Dem leader urges Labour and Tory supporters to vote tactically .  Mr Clegg is campaigning in Scotland , including a visit to Divex Global in Aberdeen .  He spoke out in support of Christine Jardine , the next MP for Gordon .  He said : ` If you want to stop Alex Salmond pocketing your vote and dancing off to strutting his stuff '  He warned that the SNP
Aidan Turner , 31 , has admitted to using baby oil to show off his chest .  The Irish actor , who is dating fellow rising Irish star Sarah Greene , appears to have a much thicker chest of hair , suggesting that he 's done away with his natural rug in a bid to really show off the muscles underneath .  In images shot to promote another BBC series
Officer Michael Slager , 33 , is charged with murder after shooting death of Walter Scott , 50 .  Scott , who was in the Coast Guard for two years , was shot dead in Charleston , South Carolina , on Saturday .  His lawyer said he is housed in a room with one small window .  He does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England .  Former England captains Andrew Strauss , Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are among the front-runners for the job .  The work parameters will not appear on the ECB website or that of headhunters Sports Recruitment International , as would be the normal procedure .  But the director will have the main
More than 50 per cent of Australians want to work for Richard Branson 's Virgin Airline .  The Department of Immigration and the Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work .  The ABC came second in the survey of Australia 's Most Attractive Employer .  Other Aussies wanted to work at the Seven Network and Qantas .
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr .  The 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids .  Blackpool are preparing for life in League One next season .
V . Stiviano , the alleged mistress of Clippers owner Donald Sterling , has been ordered to pay his wife $ 2.6 million .  Shelly Sterling has been awarded nearly all of the $ 3million she had sought .  Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V . Stviniano a house , luxury cars and stocks was her community property .  Stivrist 's lawyer had argued that
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes .  It does n't need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium-ion battery .  Inventors are raising money to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal .  The lighter has flame-proof ceramic tips with a zinc alloy .  It 's claimed to be
The 41-year-old salesman is accused of posting a ` blasphemous ' status on Facebook .  He allegedly shared the image after watching a news item about the war in Iraq .  If found guilty , he could face up to seven years in jail and a fine of up to # 186,000 .  The Indian salesman , known only by his initials S.G. . , failed to attend the Dubai
TV presenter says women are only of average intelligence .  Claims he did not believe any politician was equipped to be prime minister .  He also hit out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for ` treating blacks as victims '  He also said fears of Islamophobia were victimising Muslims .
Visualize You calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight .  Users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight .  It costs # 1.61 -LRB- $ 2.40 -RRB- on Android and # 1.49 -LRB- $ 1.99 -RRB- on iOS for the full version .  It uses
Nicola Bonn , 34 , from London , started a candid blog called Upfront Mama .  It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy , 14 months .  One of her blog posts , Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves , went viral .  Many of her posts have gone viral and many of them have been shared online .  Says that when you have
Diafra Sakho limped off during West Ham 's 1-1 draw with Stoke City .  The West Ham striker tore a thigh muscle during the match .  The 25-year-old has scored 12 goals for the Hammers this season .  Sam Allardyce 's current deal expires at the end of the season .
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia against Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals .  The World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup , citing a busy schedule .  playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year 's Olympics .  Four-time champions Russia and two-time winners Germany have met only twice since the collapse of the Soviet Union , with each team winning one tie , most
The parents of Brock Guzman , 8 , of Fairfield , California , have filed a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported their son missing on Monday morning .  Paul and his wife , Suzanne , took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife Suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after their son was reported missing .  This after
When the project first began it was promised it would be paid for in its entirety through private funds .  Local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme .  They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds .  Michael Ball , the director of the Waterloo Community Development group , has said the # 175 million could fund 30 million new London parks or
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday .  Striker Jermain Defoe scored a stunning first-half volley .  The 32-year-old was the first player to take part in the keepy up challenge .  The former Tottenham and West Ham striker set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat .
Marli van Breda , 16 , suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family 's South African home in January .  Her mother Teresa , 54 , father Martin , 55 , and brother Rudi , 22 were killed in the attack .  Marli 's other brother Henri , 20 , escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow .  But the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house .  She allowed charity Age UK to clear it out and her beloved dog Mitzy was taken to an animal sanctuary and later re-homed .  The great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family .  She said : ` My son Peter
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton on Wednesday .  Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey .  The early bookies ` favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan , the former England captain who is close to the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves .
Lian Doyle , 24 , pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice .  She admitted disposing of her boyfriend 's shoes , thinking he had carried out a burglary .  Robertson , who killed Pennie Davis , 47 , was jailed for life yesterday .  Benjamin Carr also received a life sentence for paying the killer to murder Mrs Davis .  Mrs Davis was found dead in a paddock
Raheem Sterling said in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign a new # 100,000-a-week contract .  The England international cast doubt on his Liverpool future in an interview with the BBC .  The 20-year-old said he was ` flattered ' by interest from Arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold .  Brendan Rodgers said the interview was conducted without the club 's consent
Ambra Battilana , 22 , accused Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein of groping her .  The Italian model told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and put his hand up her skirt .  The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview show .  Weinstein is producing Finding Neverland at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater .  Weinstein was questioned by the NYPD this weekend and denied the
Firefighters scoured a burning home in Boise , Idaho , searching for people shouting ` Help ! ' and ` Fire ! '  Eventually , they found a pair of squawking birds .  The tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property .  They were pulled from the home and given oxygen and are expected to survive .  The cause of the officers managed
The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey .  Just 250 jars are being produced , at # 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity .  Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent since last year .  Camilla 's honey is made from ` delicately perfumed nectar with subtle hints of chamomile '  It is billed as `
The $ 2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments .  The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February .  The company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff .  Australian Medical Association WA
Dougie Fife , Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week 's Six Nations win over Scarlets .  But the trio have been recalled for Edinburgh 's European Challenge Cup clash with London Irish .  Alan Solomons has named his strongest XV .
` I think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination , ' he told a reporter .  Mr . Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other U.S. . weapons during his visit .  But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional
Aviation expert Matt Andersson says ` electronic hacking ' could have been to blame .  Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz , 28 , believed to have locked himself in cockpit .  Investigators point to history of mental illness and doctors notes hidden from his employer .  Mr Andersson , president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace , says any number of causes could have caused crash .  Passenger plane crashed in the Alps on
The clip , created by HLN 's The Daily Share , shows the shocking-and arguably discriminatory-price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men .  A Schick 's Hydro 5 men 's razor was picked up for $ 8.56 , but the women 's version was given more than a one dollar mark-up , and was priced at $ 9.97 .  An even greater disparity was
Five terrorist attacks have been foiled since January 's Charlie Hebdo massacre .  Follows arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam , 24 , who was allegedly preparing to storm churches .  He allegedly had armoury of weapons including Kalashnikov assault rifles .  Police are now hunting for at least two accomplices linked to Ghlm , who moved to France in 2009 .  He was caught on Sunday after shooting himself in
Manchester United host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal 's side have four players out injured ahead of the game .  Michael Carrick , Daley Blind , Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out through injury .  Wayne Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield .  Robin van Persie has not started a game since February .  There are doubts over Radamel Falcao
The clip was taken of a routine skydive in Everöd , Sweden .  It shows the jumpers linking hands as they free fall from the plane .  At that moment , the Go Pro camera becomes detached and falls to the ground .  The camera was discovered by Kristoffer Örstadius 's father in a meadow outside Kristianstad , Sweden .  It has amassed more than 250,000 views since it was
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone has given Azerbaijan the all-clear .  Human Rights Watch 's 2015 report said there had been ` a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record '  The race will be held in the capital of Baku , despite the country 's poor human rights record .  Lewis Hamilton has now won three of the opening four races this season .  Hamilton leads the 2014 Italian
Qatar spent # 17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory .  Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar -- including aerospace orders , a football club , sponsorship agreements , land and general exposure .  There were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by Mohammed bin Hammam .  Michel
Argentina says it is taking legal action against three British and two US companies .  Complaint listed Rockhopper Exploration , Premier Oil , Falkland Oil and Gas Limited and US firms Noble Energy and Edison International .  They accused them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore a basin 120 miles north of the islands ` subjected to the illegitimate British occupation '  Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond pledged to protect
Michael Cheika is aware that his Wallaby pack is being written off for the World Cup .  England 's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November 's 26-17 victory at Twickenham .  Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau is set to feature for the Wallabies .  England will face England and Wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in September .  Clive Woodward and others have said that England are
Clare Goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden 's brightly printed clothes .  But she does n't want to be labelled a ` yummy mummy ' at 50 paces .  For many years , Boden -- which launched in 1991 -- made a success of its appeal to the ` Sloane ' market .  But recently , the company has experienced more challenging times .  Profits plummeted
Labour leader says bobby on the beat is ` at risk of disappearing '  Increasing numbers of serious criminals ` are being let off the hook '  Police and crime commissioners -LRB- PCCs -RRB- would be axed to help fund the # 800m plan to guarantee neighbourhood policing across England and Wales .  PCCs were set up by the Tories to increase accountability , but turnout was just 15 per
Christian Englander , 30 , threw a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in New Mexico Monday .  He was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery .  On Thursday he claims to have hurled another banana at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a Santa Fe bar .  Englander had eaten the banana and washed it down with a shot of 99
Advert features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage .  Change The Tune features comedians playing the four party leaders .  They sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking .  It also takes a swipe at the background of leading politicians , with the lyrics : ` It 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .
George Lucas plans to build 224-home community on 1,039 acres of land .  Neighbors say they do n't want to be seen as an ` evil empire '  Project would span 52 acres and cost around $ 200m .
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games .  Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday .  Jurgen Klopp 's men have scored 34 goals in 27 games in the Bundesliga .  Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the club 's top scorer with 18 goals .
The high-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat to the Scottish nationalists .  He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge which is set to take the seats of many of Scotland 40 Labour and 11 Lib Dem MPs on May 7 .  One plan said to be under consideration by the party is to keep the 42-year-old MP
Holly Beard , 24 , and her fiance Steve Hancock , 27 , from Staffordshire , weighed over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year .  Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat .  She vowed to lose weight for her wedding day
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire -- in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean .  Apart from the main house , there are two cottages , offices , a swimming pool , Jacuzzi , gym , and woodland with lakes , Japanese-style bridges , waterfalls and fountains .  Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich in the DFB-Pokal .  Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury .  But amateur footage from after the game shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards .  Spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff .  The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne .
Demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by 2,000 per cent .  Celebrities such as Kate Middleton have driven the craze .  Beyoncé , Naomi Watts , Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet .  As the gems are much rarer than diamonds the surge in demand-especially from Asia-has played a significant part in
Arsene Wenger has slammed post-season tours as a ` nightmare '  Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season .  Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign ends .  Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter tour of the US .
Waheed Ahmed , 21 , was held at Birmingham Airport by anti-terrorism police .  He was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to UK last night .  Ahmed and eight family members were stopped on the Turkish border on April 1 .  He is believed to have arrived back in the UK on Monarch-operated flight from Dalaman .  He is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed from Rochdale
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court , which upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday .  Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has declared the move by the pair 's lawyers as a delay tactic .  They also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals .  Indonesian lawyer for the
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism over contract stand-off .  The 20-year-old says he has not been affected by the criticism .  Sterling was even heckled at the club 's recent kit launch .  The England international has scored 11 goals this season .  Sterling is wanted by all the Premier League 's top clubs , as well as Real Madrid and Juventus .  CLICK HERE for
Stuart McCall has sent a warning to Bilel Mohsni over his disciplinary record .  The Tunisian centre-back was booked for reacting to opposition fans during Rangers ` 3-0 defeat to Queen of the South .  Rangers host Raith in the Scottish Premiership on Sunday .  Rangers currently sit behind second-placed Hibs on goal difference but have a game in hand .
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks , which can spread deadly diseases to humans .  Over half of dog owners did not know that ticks can spread Lyme disease .  Symptoms may be misdiagnosed as rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis .  At the other extreme , symptoms may be so mild that someone who 's been bitten by an infected tick may experience
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open .  The world No 1 earned his sixth ranking title and # 85,000 in prize money .  The Leicester cueman won the German Masters title in February .
Pep Guardiola is the man Begiristain would like to install at City in 2016 .  The 44-year-old is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career .  City lost 3-1 at Porto in the Champions League last week .  Manuel Pellegrini has come under-fire this term for his side 's poor form .  City 's distinguished doctor Hans Muller Wohlfahrt walked out in
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday .  It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four .  Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion .  ` It is not about playing the occasion , we ' re playing Arsenal , ` he said .  The SkyBet Championship side travel to Wembley to face the Gunners .
Out of 17 bingo halls tested , seven showed traces of cocaine , while another had traces of crack cocaine , a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked .  One venue in Bristol tested positive for crack cocaine .  634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse in the last year , a rise of 20 per cent in a year , and double the rates
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer .  These are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek .  These small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment .  We have a rule in medicine that any single eye ulcer lasting longer than three weeks should be investigated in order to
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex , North Carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around .  She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .  As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement .  Bystanders can be heard
James Rodriguez will start for Real Madrid against Granada on Sunday .  The attacking midfielder broke his foot on February 4 .  Rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining Real Madrid .  Carlo Ancelotti says Rodriguez ` has shown in training that he is fine '
Comfortably Numb is a new , single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds .  Three first year students at Rice University , Houston , came up with the invention , described as ` simple and elegant '  The trio , made up of computer scientist Greg Allison , bioengineer Andy Zhang and mechanical
Keith Anthony Allen , 27 , of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape , felonious assault and gross sexual imposition .  Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl .  The assault charges allege he raped the girls while knowing he was HIV-positive and had consensual sex with a woman without telling her he has the virus that causes AIDS
Couple were fined # 120 for unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh , Essex .  They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school .  After family appealed against the fine , court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding # 1,230 .  Boy 's grandmother paid up to stop the Baiiffs taking property to cover the amount owed .  Essex County Council
Yulia Tarbath , 33 , is originally from Surrey but moved to Bali with husband Paul .  Mother-of-one said she gained less than a stone during her first pregnancy .  Yulia started the day with eight mangoes , for lunch , ten bananas and spinach .  For dinner , she ate huge avocado salads-washed down with a dozen oranges .  She said : ` I did n't want to be
Mark Steven West , 32 , has been sentenced to four months in jail and eight years probation for having sex with a student at Spring High School in Texas in 2012 .  He had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ` feeling horny '  The woman , who is now at college , told police she encouraged him to have sex
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night .  That 's when he stopped to quickly chat with a very enthusiastic young fan on the sidelines .  He animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five .  The child is a devoted fan and popular with the players .
Dan Fredinburg , 33 , was one of four Americans confirmed to have died on Saturday .  He was killed in a deadly avalanche in the Himalayas on Saturday .  His girlfriend , Ashley Arenson , said he wanted to return to the mountain .  She said he had a way of making people around him feel special .  She said : ` He 's brought out the best version
The Splendour of the Seas will be a new ship in the Thomson fleet next summer .  The mid-size ship , with an on-board climbing wall , is sailing away from RCI to Thomson .  Magellan started life as the Holiday , built in 1985 for Carnival Cruise Lines .  The Hebridean Princess , chartered by the Queen for her 80th birthday , was the busy car ferry and Royal
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers feared missing as a ` tsunami ' of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on Base Camp .  At least 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world 's highest peak .  Photographer captured the dramatic moment it tore towards the camp at 17,700 ft -LRB- 5,380 m -RRB- .
Tracy Walters , 48 , died after her husband Ian 's car veered off the M1 .  The church treasurer , 51 , is accused of killing his wife of two years .  The couple , who had both been married once before , had a ` troubled ' relationship .  Mrs Walters , a keen horse rider , was flown to hospital but died two days later .  Prosecution
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber 's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year .  The 29-year-old , from Epsom in Surrey , appeared at Isleworth Crown Court .
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres .  They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater .  However , scientists are still not able to explain what they are .  Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April .
The secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas , but are each set in their own natural paradises .  From villages under boulders in Portugal , to floating villages in Peru , these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world .  The last place you would expect to find a living community would be inside a tropical volcanic island in the Philippine Sea .
The world 's joint third-largest cruise ship , the MS Anthem of the Seas , has arrived in Southampton , UK , for its naming ceremony on April 20 .  Ship has 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time and has a virtual skydiving machine .  Passengers will also be able to take a ride in a glass capsule that takes guests more than 300
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was arrested with teammate Pero Antic last week .  They were accused of trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene .  The pair were arrested and charged with obstructing governmental administration .  He was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments and is unable to play games .  The 6 ` 7 `` swingman says his injury has left him
National Union of Teachers calls for ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships '  MPs have duty to tackle ` homophobia , biphobia and transphobia ' in schools .  Critics accuse the NUT of ` thought control ' and ` oversexualising ' children .  Christian groups warn it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against beliefs .  NUT said only 10 per cent of LGBT teachers felt confident
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  Coach Julen Lopetegui believes his side must hit top form to progress .  The Portuguese side are unbeaten in the competition this season .  Arjen Robben , David Alaba and Javi Martinez are missing .  Bayern are also without Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger .
The gold tuxedo was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn .  It is perhaps best known for being worn on the cover of 1959 compilation album 50,000 Elvis Fans Ca n't Be Wrong .  It is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday .  It will sit alongside other artefacts such as his 16 karat ` Taking Care of
Celebrity chef 's Fat Duck Restaurant named eighth best restaurant in world .  Dinner by Heston Blumenthal 's London eatery also made it into top 25 .  Alinea , run by Grant Achatz , retains its crown for fourth year running .  Raymond Blanc 's Le Manoir aux Quat ` S aisons also on the list .  The US has 19 of the best restaurants in the world , followed
The app was designed by researchers at Boston-based MIT .  Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers .  Each call is placed with the phone 's GPS location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached .  If the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ` roam ' onto another network to connect the
Tracey Cox says it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone 's attention .  If you ` re interested , most people drop their eyes straight down , then directly up again to lock eyes after a few seconds .  The simple act of blinking can also make someone aware that they ` re attracted to them .  When looking at strangers or in business situations ,
Arsenal won their eighth Premier League game in a row on Saturday .  Ivan Gazidis says he is ` not happy ' that the club are not going to win the title .  The Arsenal chief executive says the club may struggle in the near future .  The Gunners have n't won the league since 2004 .
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The ` The Nation 's Fist ' wrote the song ` Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino '  The song translates as ` I will fight for the Fillipino '  The boxing champion also sang and directed the music video .  The tune , which sounds like an 80s rock ballad , will be played ahead of
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Lord Forsyth said talking up threat was ` short-term and dangerous '  Former Scottish Secretary will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes , more debt and fewer jobs .  Sir John is the last Tory to win an election outright and said Ed Miliband would face a ` daily dose of blackmail ' from the SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon .  Labour leader accused David Cameron
Emad Sahabi was playing for Al Orubah against Al Shoalah .  Midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball .  He tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate .  Al orubah went on to win the game 2-0 but the result was overshadowed by the break .  It brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by Arsenal duo Eduardo and
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria .  It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside .  The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb .  But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet .  It costs $ 3 million -LRB- # 2.1 million , $ 3.2 million -RRB- and is apparently being used
Nightly News anchor is investigating claims he has misrepresented his reporting experiences .  Committee is looking at a 2011 interview he gave to Jon Stewart about the Arab Spring .  Williams said he caught the eye of a soldier on a horse in Tahrir Square .  But there is no footage of Williams actually on the square during the protests .  His dispatches from the country at the time said
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix at the Maranello factory last week .  It was Ferrari 's first win in 35 grands prix and ended his own 20-race drought .  Four-time world champion returned to a hero 's welcome at the team 's factory on Wednesday .  He said : ` It was a great victory we had in Malaysia , great for us as a team , and
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday .  Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker was presented by Alan Shearer , Jason Roberts and Ian Wright .  The BBC gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown , something that used to be a regular feature of TV outside broadcasts .  Sky have never really replaced the disgraced Richard Keys ,
Ulrike Berger , 44 , barred from leaving country with seven-year-old Kaia .  But they are believed to have boarded a plane to Germany on March 22 .  Pair were last seen at Berger 's home in Boerun Hill , Brooklyn , on March 21 .
Graeme Finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips , 70 , and his wife June , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner .  Couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left Finlay with a gash to his forehead and wife with two fractured vertebrae .  Finlay insisted he only acted in self-defence
David Marshall , 68 , stabbed Eni Mevish , 20 , in the heart , lungs and lungs .  He was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl at the time of the attack .  He was ` jealous ' of her other friendships and sought to distance her from them .  The pair met six months earlier when she was out jogging in Stoke-on-Trent .  Marshall had already
John Sutton Jr , 84 , has spent the first Saturday of May the same way since he was 8 years old-on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby .  He has attended every Kentucky Derby since 1940 and has collected each year 's program since then .  This week , he invited a reporter from WAVE 3 into the Louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years Doris
Luke Shambrook , 11 , went missing from the Candlebark Campground in the Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon , north-east of Melbourne , on Friday .  He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road , 3km from the campsite .  He is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments .  A camera on
Siobhan-Marie O ` Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley at the British Championships .  The 19-year-old 's time of two minutes 09 : 51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year .  Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2 : 11 : 65 .  Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2 : 13 : 30 .  She was short of her 2
Guy Mowbray 's notes were posted ahead of kick-off on Monday night .  He was not far off from correctly predicting the starting line-ups , naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field .  However , he incorrectly , and incorrectly , predicted that 18-year-old midfielder Cameron Brannagan would make his first Liverpool start .  The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances
The Turin Shroud went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years .  Pilgrims have already made reservations to see the cloth , believed to have been used to wrap Jesus ` body .  Church does not officially maintain that Christ 's body was wrapped in the shroud or that any miracles were involved in the creation of the image now on display .
Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its ` prettiest ' soldiers .  They have posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites .  The pictures show the women in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing .  They have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters .  Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner with more than 1,100 votes .  MoD said
Tara McIntyre , 24 , was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash in Essex .  Ben Hagon 's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph .  She suffered life-changing injuries including a fractured spine and pelvis .  Court heard that Hagon had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice legal alcohol limit .  He was jailed for two years and eight months at Chelmsford Crown Court
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the German Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday night .  Neven Subotic gave Dortmund the lead in the 19th minute .  Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang equalised for Dortmund with a powerful header from a cross by Eric Durm .  Substitute Sebastian Kehl fired a long-distance volley in extra time .  Earlier , Ricardo Rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over
France joins Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry .  The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content .  Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness , mostly due to organ failure and suicide .  But Rachel Cole-Fletcher , of Durham University says it is not a lifestyle
Sprawling house , built on the site of an old BT telephone exchange , has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales .  Spread across four floors , the house is 18 times the size of the average new home , with nine bedrooms , nine bathrooms , a cinema , a Japanese water garden and an indoor swimming pool .  Owner ,
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video .  Limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol .  This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations .  But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile , according to Dr Raychelle Burks .  After a minute or two of being
Denise Fedyszyn , 37 , from Holmfirth , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb .  She was mortified by pictures of her as bridesmaids at a friend 's wedding .  The mother-of-two , from West Yorkshire , joined Weightwaters and changed her diet .  Began exercising and took up running , raising more than # 500 .  Lisa Walters , 29 , weighed 13st 5lbs , but in just
Olivia Bazlinton , 13 , and Charlotte Thompson , 14 , were hit by a train at Elsenham station , Essex .  The girls had been using the station 's unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to Cambridge .  Network Rail was convicted of criminal negligence and fined # 1m .  But campaigners say too many dangerous crossings exist in rural areas .  Parents had planned to raise their
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon .  Hector Bellerin , Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez scored for the Gunners .  Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors .  Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time .  Ozil posted on Instagram : ` Seven wins in a row ! and so happy ! '  CLICK HERE for
Manny Pacquiao took time out of the gym at Griffith Park ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather .  The Filipino boxer was joined by his pet dog Pacman .  The 36-year-old has revealed the colourful mouthpiece he will wear during his $ 300million Las Vegas showdown .
Flow VR headsets are designed by In-flight entertainment company Flow IFE .  It uses accelerometers to detect the movement of the aircraft and displays a horizon that moves with it inside .  The display can also provide passengers with a way of exploring their destination with three dimensional content .  Notifications from the crew can also be displayed on the screen to help keep passengers informed while they can also
John Bramblitt , 42 , developed epilepsy at the age of 11 .  Over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight .  He went blind at 30 after suffering from his inability to see .  The Texas artist discovered his love of painting after losing his sight .  He uses a special technique to transfer the scene which he imagines onto the canvas .  He
The total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of North America , Asia and Australia .  It is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on September 28 .  According to the King James Bible : ` The sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and the terrible day of the
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval in Sheffield .  Doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session .  Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals .  The match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening .  In total , 128 players are involved in qualifying , including
LaTasha Gosling and her two daughters , Janyaa , 4 , and Jenika , 8 , and her son Landen , 7 , were found murdered at their home in Tisdale , Saskatchewan .  The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead , and police would not say how he died but said that it was not a homicide .  The victim 's sister said that the
Five-year-old Masha is chained to a tree by several dogs in Yakutsk , Russia .  She is part of a baiting competition held in the diamond-rich Sakha Republic .  Contest is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter .  Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia .  Pictures of the young bear being attacked are likely
Bath lost 18-15 to Leinster in the European Champions Cup quarter-final .  Six Ian Madigan penalties secured a tense victory at Dublin 's Aviva Stadium .  Bath 's hopes of reaching a first top-flight European semi-final since 2006 floundered on their indiscipline .  Anthony Watson believes the pain of the defeat can be a driving force in their push to make this season 's Premiership play-offs .  Bath have four
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby at St . James ` Park on Sunday .  The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals .  John Carver says he will ` whip ' his players to make sure they ` re motivated to beat Sunderland .  Carver says Sunderland wanted victory more than United on those occasions .  Moussa Sissoko , Massadio Haidara and Fabricio Coloccini
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal .  The Ivorian striker says he has no intention to retire at the end of the season .  The 37-year-old has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at Stamford Bridge .  Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies .  The group , or possibly individual , released the info of employees of the CIA , FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin . com .  The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey , DHS Director Charles Johnson
Paolo Dybala admits he could be playing his final games at Palermo .  The 21-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe 's top clubs .  Arsenal and Juventus have also been interested in the Argentine forward .  Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini says the club are cashing in .
Sir Terry Pratchett 's final book , The Shepherd 's Crown , will be released in September .  It will feature witch Tiffany Aching , a witch-in-training who has featured in four of Sir Terry 's books .  The book is based in the fictional realm of Discworld-a flat disc balanced on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space .  Sir Terry published his first
Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court .  Middlesbrough beat Norwich on Friday night to take Bournemouth 's place at the top of the Championship .  Craig Cathcart scored the only goal of the game at 3.36 pm on Saturday .  Bournemouth are unbeaten in 10 before Saturday 's kick-off would draw at home to a side with nothing to
James Webster , 35 , targeted female shoppers at Lidl in Maidenhead , Berkshire .  He was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper who spotted him moving the bag he was carrying closer to his unsuspecting victim .  Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the bag which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming .  Webster
Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for Marseille 's Florian Thauvin .  The 22-year-old winger has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia .  Mauricio Pochettino is unlikely to pursue Everton 's Kevin Mirallas .
Alaskan Husky , Sarabi , escaped from handlers on March 21 after being dropped from musher Laura Allaway 's team during the Iditarod race .  The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick 's church in Palmer , Alaska .  Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home
EA Sports are taking close-up shots of football stars for FIFA 16 .  Wilfried Zaha posted the photo via his Instagram account on Wednesday .  The Crystal Palace winger has been in fine form under Alan Pardew .  The 22-year-old has scored twice for Selhurst Park so far this season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest FIFA 16 news .
IKEA 's new service , Wedding Online , allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group Skype .  Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams .  Once they log in , they can set a virtual date and invite the Facebook contacts they want as guests .  The pair can then choose from a range of several ceremonies depending on their style .  One wedding is
Walt Disney World 's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows have just been unveiled as part of the resort 's new resort in the South Pacific .  The luxury overwater villas are a first of their kind for Disney , boasting two bedrooms , two bathrooms and a private plunge pool .  Each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of the Magic Kingdom Resort and the lagoon
Patient , a 45-year-old man , did not want to be identified .  He had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years .  This is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins , bypassing normal brain tissue .  The man had been examined in several other hospitals , including the Mayo Clinic and Harvard Medical School
Charles N ` Zogbia took to Twitter to ridicule the Frenchman 's choice of attire .  Tim Sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as Tottenham boss .  Villa goalkeeper Shay Given was n't a fan of the flamboyant shirt and trouser combo .  Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley next weekend .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi on ABC 's 7.30 .  He was asked to name the terror group 's leader for ` operational reasons '  Mr Andrews said the U.S. . did not just have one leader because it was made of many groups and there was not just one individual involved .  Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced on Tuesday his cabinet had given
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the beach in northern San Diego County shortly after 11 : 30 am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit .  The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores .  No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar
The report was commissioned by independent political magazine Mother Jones .  It was spawned by the mass shooting in Aurora , Colorado , in July 2012 .  12 people were killed and 70 injured in a midnight screening of The Dark Knight rises .  Taxpayers account for about 87 percent of the direct costs involved in gun-related violence .  The annual cost to send someone to prison is $ 414,000
Georgina Gosden , 25 , allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville 's Mad Cow Tavern on December 7 last year .  She is said to have carried out a similar attack on another woman in the same nightclub last April .  The former Playboy model has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue .  She signed
Bruno Fernandez , 32 , has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger .  Adriana Giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her .  He has been dubbed the ` Majadahonda Ripper ' after police searched his home .  Police found blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth .  Neighbours have described
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa 's Mercury Project .  Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia , which is the psychological response to seeing familiar objects in random places .  The image was taken as part of Project Mercury , which was the US ` first mission to put men in space
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Saturday .  Virgil van Dijk 's 16th free-kick gave Parkhead a dream start .  But the Parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant Alan Muir failed to spot a goalline handball from Josh Meekings .  Celtic boss Ronny Deila was angry at the referee 's decision to send off
Match of the Day presenter launched scathing attack on Ukip leader Nigel Farage .  Mr Farage topped list for worst and best performing leaders after controversial comments .  He claimed people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment .  Rio Ferdinand and Sol Campbell also left uninspired by the debate .  Former Arsenal and Tottenham defender Sol Campbell criticised Miliband on Twitter .
Michael Vaughan was quick to condemn the openers after West Indies got them both out early on .  Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the Test side .  Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 in Antigua .  Former fast bowler Bob Willis said : ` England 's top three looked constipated and need a good dose of syrup of figs '
Natalie Swindells , 26 , eats four bowls of the cereal every day .  She ca n't face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades .  In a typical day , she will have two bowls of Rice Krispies for breakfast .  She will also occasionally eat milk chocolate , ready salted crisps and chips .  Last time she tasted a vegetables was 18
Leicester City host West Ham at the King Power Stadium on Saturday .  Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season .  In February , Pearson was involved in an altercation with James McArthur .  Allardyce believes Pearson has done an ` unbelievable job '
Inter Milan are prepared to submit an offer of # 43million for Yaya Toure .  Manchester City midfielder is under contract with the club until June 2017 .  Marco Fassone fears City 's asking price and his wages could be too much .  Inter also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic .  Goalkeeper Samir Handanovic has been linked with Roma and Manchester United .
Captain Niloofar Rahmani , 23 , is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan 's history .  She was just 18 when she heard a news announcement saying the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots .  She flew her first solo flight in a Cessna 182 and decided she wanted to fly even larger aircraft .  Captain Rahmani defied orders when she discovered injured soldiers during a
The 44-year-old man had recently returned from a holiday in Algeria .  He wanted to complain about the temperatures on his holiday in the Sahara Desert .  Greater Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time .  The incident was shared by the police press office on its Facebook page .  There was a warning that members of the public should not waste police time .
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says on his blog that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the St . Louis University School of Medicine in 1998 .  He says he was ` a serious contender at some of the greatest medical schools in America , including Harvard , Wash U , UPenn , Case Western , and Columbia '  He also says he interviewed at 11 prestigious medical
A 32-year-old man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor .  He was refused access to his daughter , who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma .  The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs .  She has a high temperature , an infection and has fluid in her lungs .  The father , nicknamed
Mr Justice Oliver Popplewell led inquiry into Bradford stadium fire in 1985 .  Inquiry concluded that the fire was an accident , probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand at the Valley Parade ground .  Mr Fletcher has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident .  New book Fifty-Six by Mr Fletcher , who was 12 at the
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. . attorney general , becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official .  She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ` we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country .  ` We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and
Gambian footballer Baboucarr Ceesay , 21 , is believed to have died on fishing boat .  His aunt Jessica Sey , from Cheltenham , has spoken of her devastation .  She said : ` He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals '  She said her two daughters were ` absolutely gobsmacked ' by news of his death .  Mrs Sey said her nephew played first division
Samantha Giufre , 19 , was dragged behind a car in Casula , south-west of Sydney on September 7,2014 .  She suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain .  One man has been charged in relation to the incident , but police are searching for others they believe were involved .  Her parents Karen and Frank said their daughter 's life is
May Wong 's four-year-old cockapoo , Miss Darcy , has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations .  She takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton .  Cockapoo has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011-making her a real-life Phileas Dog .  The pair have been joined on their trips by the owner 's new dog , George .  The dogs have travelled on planes , trains
Danny Ings is struggling for form and has n't scored since February 11 .  The Burnley striker missed his side 's best chance in Saturday 's 1-0 defeat at Everton that left Burnley bottom of the Premier League .  Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden .  Ings has been linked with a move to Manchester United or Liverpool .  Burnley have
The driver , named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang , drove past an injured woman .  When he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother covered in blood .  He called police but his mother , from Wuhu , died on the way to hospital .  Many Chinese motorists are now reluctant to help those involved in traffic accidents .
Prime Minister promises to deliver effective ` home rule ' for England .  English , Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland with MPs north of the border having no say .  The new system will be introduced in time for the first budget of the new parliament in March 2016 .  If Wales votes in favour
Newborn baby found face down in a toilet bowl at Silcock 's Amusement Arcade in Southport .  Merseyside Police said they have found the mother of the baby girl .  Sniffer dogs had been deployed in the area after the discovery .  Police believe April may have been ` born where she was found '  The 6lb 9oz baby girl has been named April by staff at Ormskirk hospital .
The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 .  City Attorney Jon Paladini claims lookout Brendan McDonough overheard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy over the dangerous move , which would prove deadly .  Willis , former chief of woodland fires for the city of Prescott , Arizona , says the fire 's sole survivor came to
The Great Dying , also known as the Permian-Triassic Boundary extinction , struck the Earth 252 million years ago .  It wiped out more than 96 % of the world 's creatures .  But the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic .  The University of Edinburgh study is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame .  As
Actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead return for second series .  The Channel 4 programme celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars .  Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles .
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p . m .  They are working with NGL Energy Partners , the company that owns the site , but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire .  The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank , launching it into the air
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has said the data has a public interest .  But the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal .  They also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents .  The data dump comes after November 's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $ 100 million .  The group called Guardians of Peace
Napoli beat Cagliari 1-0 at the Sant ` Elia Stadium on Sunday .  Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez 's side .  Antonio Balzano 's own-goal doubled Napoli 's advantage .  Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini added a third just minutes later .  The win leaves Napoli in fourth place in Serie A , three points clear of Sampdoria .
Nicolas Diaz , 81 , allegedly stabbed his granddaughter 's ex-boyfriend , Kevin Rivera , 21 .  Couple had just returned home from daughter 's first birthday party .  Diaz allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera with a knife , before fleeing the scene .  When medics arrived at the Bushwick property , they found him with chest wound .  Diaz has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a
Conrad Clitheroe , 54 , Gary Cooper , 45 , and ex-pat friend Neil Munro were arrested in Dubai .  They were accused of writing down aircraft registration numbers .  They were taken to a police station and were put into prison .  Families of the three men confirmed they had been told they would be freed .  They were told they could only leave if they signed a form
Philip Dunning , 44 , from Bo ` ness , West Lothian , made the decision to give notice within hours .  He said he kept checking his wallet to make sure the winning pocket was still with him .  His partner Gina Meikle , 45 , also worked at Caledonia Produce , did the same .  Mr Dunning said he was still in shock at the # 7,864,529 win
Northampton were thrashed 37-5 by Clermont at the Stade Marcel-Michelin .  The Saints were 10 points clear at the summit of the Aviva Premiership .  The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage of the European Rugby Champions Cup .  Northampton tweeted : ` We ' ve left our non-contact bibs in the changing rooms # humbled `  Noa Nakaitaci claimed two tries and France team-mate Wesley Fofana and former
Stephen Curry broke his own NBA record for most 3-pointers in a season .  Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night .  Curry entered the game four shy of his previous record of 272 .  Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78 .
Conrad Clitheroe is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro .  The 54-year-old 's wife says he has now run out of blood pressure medication .  They were arrested in February over claims they were a ` threat to national security '
Two-year-oldddler Celello was overcome with emotion when Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president .  He insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine and wants to ` play with toys '  Insists that playtime is not the top priority of a Commander-in-Chief .  However , he eventually takes his mother 's advice and decides to run for president .
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University , California .  It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is ` fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive '  It consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte .  These sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch .  While lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge ,
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan bought rare teddy for # 10 at boot sale .  Pair , from Launceston , Cornwall , were selling range of toys in Bude , Cornwall .  They spotted the teddy at another seller 's stall and recognised it as a rare Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby .  The bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world in 1997 .
Becca Litchfield , 29 , and partner Dale , 30 , had IVF treatment in 2012 .  The couple spent # 5,500 on two rounds of IVF , keeping back an additional sum of money they planned to spend on their wedding day .  After two failed attempts , the couple were forced to make a decision .  They decided to sacrifice their dream wedding in order to have one
Analysts at the CIA , NSA , and National Counterterrorism Center hire therapists .  They watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues about terrorists .  The content analysts watch is often violent , but it 's ` mostly ' pornography .  They often suffer sensations of sickness , bouts of grief , and periods of depression .  It is also common for analysts to feel angry
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater .  One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog , in the Hunter Valley , north of Sydney .  Another houseboat was spotted floating in Toronto , near Lake Macquarie , west of Newcastle .  More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding , and 215,000 homes and businesses are
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England 's Ashes squad this summer .  Darren Gough says there is only a small chance of seeing Pietersen playing for England again .  Gough believes Pietersen will ` disappear to the Caribbean Premier League ' if he does n't get an England call .  Pietersen and current England coach Peter Moores have a fractious relationship
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel , 24 , faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution .  The FBI announced on Wednesday that a $ 20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest .  Patel was last seen at a hotel near Newark International Airport shortly after his wife was killed on April 12 .  He reportedly has his India-issued passport with him .  Patel was born
Brendan Cordina , 36 , drove 3500 kilometres in four days to find his grandfather 's World War II medals .  His grandfather died when he was just 12-years-old .  On his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum , the 36-year-old was refused the medals and told that they ` were more important to the museum '  The medals include an Airforce Cross , War Medal 39-45 Star , a
Dug the pug was hiking with his owner , Lindsay Castro , in Fontana , Canada , on Thursday when they heard a rattle sound .  He ran up to the reptile-and suffered for it .  The snake bit him in the face , and his face ballooned to twice its size .  After two days of intensive antidote treatment , he is ready to go home .
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on Zoumana Camara .  The 36-year-old was dunked into his cake by his team-mates .  Camara is a fringe member of the Paris Saint-Germain squad this season .  PSG face Marseille in their Ligue 1 clash on Sunday night .  CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news .
William and Kate are currently prepping for the birth of the second royal baby , which has spurred guesses on the sex and name of the royal baby .  In the UK , Charlotte , Alice and Alexandra are the leading names , with Charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent .  Americans favour distinctively prominent royal names , including Diana and Elizabeth .  James , Richard and Arthur
Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs , cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs .  The jockey was due to partner last year 's Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere in the Grand National at Aintree .
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on the M11 in 2009 .  He initially ignored Essex Police 's attempts to confirm who was driving the car .  He then made up a series of stories to shift the blame , Essex Police said .  X tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts , concocting various stories .  He finally admitted
The pictures were taken by the cat 's owner Jason Bryant in Shepton Mallet , Somerset .  The pair battle it out on a roof like a real life version of much-loved cartoon duo Tom and Jerry .
Gang of vigilante paedophile hunters accused of filming attacks in North-West .  One teenager , 19 , thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl on the internet .  But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men in Atherton .  They allegedly tricked him into thinking he was met an underage girl .  After escaping , he reported the matter to police and was arrested .
Bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year .  The product used to be a favourite of Victoria Beckham and Sam Faiers .  Fake tanning products were the hardest hit sub-sector of suncare market .
Earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that Earth can oscillate for months after a seismic event .  As short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long , more powerful waves dragging across the ocean 's floor to create a constant hum .  The hum can drop as low as an E flat , 20 octaves below middle C on the
David ` Flats ' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament .  The former Bath , Saracens and England prop is touring the country visiting the stadiums that will host matches come this autumn .  Flats is confident that , long term , this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect .  England came up short against France in the Six
Alan Spencer , 67 , was tucking into an early dinner of crispbreads with gherkins and pickled onions .  He started choking and had begun to feel his ` life slipping away '  He frantically tried to clear his throat and made his way to the door to get help .  But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ` slipped away '  18-month-old Lexi leaped into action
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 Champions League win over PSG .  The former Liverpool star scored his first goal of the night at the Parc des Princes .  The Catalan giants are currently the second highest scorers in Europe .  Lionel Messi shared an image of the pair together on Facebook .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Hilary Border , 54 , had power of attorney over dementia-stricken mother 's affairs .  Mother-of-three was required to pay # 300-a-week for 83-year-old 's care .  When it doubled to # 600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all .  Border pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took # 20,000 .  She was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two
The actress is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV 's 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace .  For the past two years , under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli , Glynis has changed what and how she eats .  In the process , she says , transformed her health and her figure .  She has co-written a book with her , The In-Sync Diet
Nearly a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts .  Trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to social network .  Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account .
Michael Phelps made a winning return to competitive racing .  Phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the Arena Pro Swim Series .  The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming for failing a drink-driving test .  Phelps will miss this summer 's World Championships in Kazan , Russia .
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin is the face of Topshop denim , as the brand 's creative director says the model has ` a twinkle in her eye ' like Cara Delevingne .  Hailey has been friends with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner since she was starting out .  Since the days of crashing at Kim 's multi-million-dollar residence , Hailey has quickly become a star in her
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard and Paul Pogba at Lille .  The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing .  The 18-year-old has all the attributes to eventually be a very good striker .  Lichtteiner was part of the team that won 1-0 against Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg .
96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death during their FA Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest on 15 April 1989 .  The tragedy is regarded as the worst disaster in the history of English football .  Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before the game .  The match at Anfield took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster .  Banners in the Kop were
Residents in the northern city of Aershan looked up and saw the sky glowing bright red .  The scary natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on Wednesday in the city in Inner Mongolia .  No one is quite sure what caused the bizarre red sky .  Photos of people 's hands covered in the black soot have circulated widely online .
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr , 37 , of Northhampton County , Pennsylvania , pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter 's teeth were found to be in a potentially fatal condition .  A dentist report said that the girl 's 20 teeth were either abscessed , and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay , the dentist said .  She had been scheduled for
Omar Hussain , 27 , from High Wycombe , posts videos online under the name Abu Sa ` eed Al-Britani .  Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes .  In his latest video he accuses a fellow ` brother ' of running away from the frontline in Syria ` When it was only him and me defending the post '  Hussain has warned
LA Angels player Josh Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife Katie two months ago .  Hamilton has admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse , it has emerged .  Hamilton , 33 , has four daughters from Katie 's previous relationship .  Hamilton is not allowed to see his children without supervision , according to court records .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers is under pressure following the defeat .  The Reds boss insists he is the man to guide the club to success .  Jurgen Klopp has been mentioned as a possible successor to Rodgers .  But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club .  Liverpool
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final .  The Bavarians beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday .  Manuel Neuer made a spectacular save in stoppage time to ensure the three points .  Pep Guardiola 's side have won their last five Bundesliga games without conceding a goal .
GCHQ , the Government 's listening post , unlawfully intercepted phone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi , it has been ruled .  The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules .  Investigatory Powers Tribunal -LRB- IPT -RRB- ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications , a landmark ruling has ruled .  Mr al-saadi has fought a legal battle against the British Government claiming it was
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit # 8billion .  This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a # 30billion hole in the health service 's accounts over the next five years .  The move is designed to demolish Labour claims that the Tories would ` cut the NHS to the bone '  It will
Manager of The Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted , Hertfordshire , has banned babies from special screenings .  James Hannaway said he was fed up with ` whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law '  He said the screenings were to allow parents to enjoy adult films .  Mr Hannaway also claimed that the cinema has been forced to reconsider over ratings .  He said : ` There 's only
Marcelo Bosch kicked a 55-metre penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the last eight of the Champions Cup .  The Frenchman struck the ball into a strong wind to win the game .  Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch taking the penalty .  The 31-year-old also executed a try-saving tackle on Racing wing Juan Imhoff when all his Argentina team-mate had
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth , New Hampshire .  He had allegedly uploading images of child pornography to Tumblr .  Cobb worked for the federal government , the Royal Australian Air Force and Governor-General Sir Peter Cosgrove in East Timor .  The 45-year-old was in the US working as a director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island .  Laptops and
Jeff and Joey Stallings , both in their 20s , took ` bad batch ' of synthetic marijuana .  mix of herbs sprayed with chemical to produce similar sensation to marijuana .  They were hospitalized on April 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed .  Suffered from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking .  Fortunately , the pair rallied against terrifying effects of
Our willingness to learn is significantly influenced by our genes , according to a study by Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University .  More than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research .  Genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact .  The study will be
Truckers from Bulgaria , Poland and Romania who already work in UK are being offered # 100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain from their home country .  Employment agency Mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks .  Company did try a recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from Cornwall to their base
Robert Clark , 96 , was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942 .  He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland , before joining the ` death march '  In 1969 he moved into the house where he still lives in Burnt Oak , north London .  For the past two years he has used his # 50,000 savings to pay towards a #
Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper , laundry detergents and shampoos , which glow under UV light .  They could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways .  It 's estimated that around five per cent of homes in the UK have pipes that are misconnected , causing them to leak sewage .  Researchers at the University of Sheffield have shown that tampons can glow in ultra-violet -LRB-
Christian Tyrrell , 22 , was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais .  The adoptive grandparents of the boy , who died from head trauma , are speaking out against the boy 's mother , who they say did n't do enough to protect her son from her boyfriend .  John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian 's
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday .  The Congolese centre was an eight-time NBA All-Star .  He was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons .  He played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009 , recording 11,729 points , 12,359 rebounds , and 3,289 blocks during 18 seasons spent
British tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets this summer .  There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July 's match against France at London 's Queen 's Club , but well under 3,000 tickets may be available .  The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies , with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled queen 's members as part of the deal
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else 's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse .  He was charged on Saturday with one count of fraud after Cairns detectives made contact with him in the Northern Territory .  Health authorities are searching hospital patient records to clarify what drugs people may have been given .  The man was allegedly using the registration number of a
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
As many as three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them .  But only 42 per cent charge their children rent -- with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask .  80 per cent still buy their adult child 's groceries and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night .  Average salary of a grown-up child
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner did n't attend Wembley on Sunday .  The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance .  Tim Sherwood said : ` My phone is buzzing in my pocket but I do n't know who it is '  Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May .
Felix the cat was found at JFK airport after being on the loose for two weeks .  The two-year-old grey tabby 's crate was damaged so badly that he was able to get out and run away .  The cat 's owners , Jennifer Stewart , 31 , and husband , Joseph Naaman , 34 , had launched a desperate search for their beloved pet .  The pair were told
Ashley Madison , an online dating agency , is targeting British investors .  Founder Noel Biderman , 43 , came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s .  He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services elsewhere in the world .  Ashley Madison boasts ` life is short , have an affair ' and has 34 million members worldwide .  It
Nicholas Figueroa , 23 , and Moises Locon , 26 , both died when the East Village building collapsed last week .  Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion .  In August utility workers discovered the gas line to the sushi restaurant had been illegally tapped , it has emerged .  The discovery led Con Edison to shut down gas service for about 10 days while
Amy Murray , 23 , rowed with fellow cinema-goers during screening of erotic film .  People sitting in row became annoyed at her for laughing at sex scenes .  Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand .  Police were called to Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea just before end of film .  Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly .  She was given a 12
Five staff members left the Royal Easter Show with serious injuries after taking a joy ride on ` the Super Slide '  The ride was closed earlier in the night after heavy rain made it too dangerous .  A group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre ride after it was closed .  The ride underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use . as long
A 13-year-old boy allegedly shot and killed a teacher at a Barcelona high school .  He is said to have had a ` kill list ' of 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill , local media reports say .  The attack took place at the Joan Fuster Institue at 9.15 am this morning .  Victim , a male substitute teacher , had come to the aid
Jack Mascitelli , 18 , stripped naked and ran through Byron Bay to win a free kebab .  He took up the dare in broad daylight at 8.45 am during schoolies week .  The prank backfired when he accidentally ran ` screaming and yelling ' past a group of police officers .  He was fined $ 500 for offensive behaviour at Sydney 's Downing Centre Local Court .  Deputy Chief
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai , seven , and Sophie , 10 , from being electrocuted .  The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach , near Lake Macquarie , when he was killed in a puddle connected to a fallen live electrical wire .  The children 's mother Natalie Crane-Hayes decided to take Aussie for a walk in a nearby park .  The family hoped
Angela Linton , 47 , was banned from her son 's school after abusing staff .  She wrote a vile message in the child 's pass book in January .  It referred to a phone row she had with Thomas O ` Brien for being gay .  Linton has been given a community order and fined # 185 by Birmingham Magistrates ` Court .
Paul McShane has told his Hull team-mates it 's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle .  Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league .  Ki Sung-Yueng put Swansea ahead and Bafetimbi Gomis scored a brilliant overhead kick for 2-0 .  The Frenchman has now scored eight times this season .  Garry Monk said : ` This has
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake .  Sebastian Lovera , a 22-year-old qualified skiing and diving instructor , from Tonbridge , Kent , was listed on Google Person Finder .  Another Briton feared missing is Laura Wood , 23 , from Huddersfield , West Yorkshire , who has been trekking in the Himalayas without any means of making contact .
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for Barcelona so far .  The Barcelona star ca n't remember each one despite keeping a match ball from every game .  Messi will lead the line for Barcelona when they take on PSG on Wednesday .  The 27-year-old has scored 277 La Liga goals in the last 10-and-a-half years .
Death Row Records co-founder Marion ` Suge ' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday .  Knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing .  Knight told the judge walking was not a problem despite the earlier fall .  His lawyer , Matt Fletcher , said authorities put Knight in
Public housing tenants will pay a bond under a NSW government plan to recoup losses from trashed properties .  Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $ 12 million .  The Minister said it would most likely be a one month bond , paid off over six months to a year .  He said public housing tenants were already
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan await their fate on Execution Island in Java-exactly a decade after they were arrested .  The talented artist 's birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters .  Meanwhile , the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy .  The pair were identified
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 in their Premier League clash at White Hart Lane .  Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for the Magpies on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike .  Christian Eriksen 's curling free-kick missed his team-mates and Tim Krul in the Newcastle goal .  Jack Colback doubled the lead in the second half with a fine finish in the penalty area .  Harry Kane completed the
Brynn Johnson , 17-months-old Rowyn , was killed in the driveway of her home in Tenino , Washington , in September last year by one of her mother 's friends .  Cassie Miller was in her car picking up Brynn 's son for preschool when she accidentally ran over her younger daughter .  The women have started a charity initiative called Raise for Rowyn which raises money for families who
The first people to be affected by Qantas 's new ` smart casual ' dress code have taken to social media to complain after being turned away from the airline 's lounges for wearing thongs .  The airline warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1-but not everyone got the memo .  Cassandra Hann said she was refused entry
Rory McIlroy , Ian Poulter , Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose tee off on Thursday .  Former Masters champions Nick Faldo and Charl Schwartzel also tee off .
Tiger 's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country of Bhutan .  Houses are decorated with dragons , animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts .  The tiny Himalayan kingdom , wedged between Tibet and India , is a land of myths and magic-a Shangri-La where , as legend has it , tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests .
Michelle Pfeiffer has teamed up with Katie Couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program .  The series was created by Diane English , the creator of Murphy Brown , about a female news anchor .  English would also serve as a writer , producer and showrunner on the program .  The ladies are currently in talks with HBO , Showtime , AMC , Netflix and
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the Molalla Log Cabin for seven years .  The 18-foot-wide cabin could have been a home for a small group of Russians sent to Oregon 's Willamette Valley as farmers to feed the fur trappers on Alaska 's Kodiak Island .  The cabin 's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods , suggesting it was
Aubrey de Grey says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured '  Biomedical theorist believes there is no reason why we should n't reach 500,1,000 or 5,000 years of age .  De Grey 's research has gained some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley .  PayPal boss Peter Thiel -LRB- worth # 1.5 billion -RRB- donated # 2.4 m to his anti-ageing institute .  De Grey was
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops .  Footage shows him being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers .  Moments later , video shows his teammate Pero Anti Carlisle being led away in handcuffs .  They were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene .  It happened on the same night Indiana Pacers star Chris
Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 at the Nou Camp in La Liga on Saturday .  Lionel Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez scored with practically his first .  Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty in the ninth minute .  Messi tapped in Barcelona 's second goal in stoppage time to seal the victory .  The Argentine has reached the 400 goal total in just 471 games .
Matt Dunford , 30 , bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day .  He tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down .  Bodybuilder , from Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , mocked-up escort website profile .  He failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates ` Court in February but was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in
Poland international Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull , Leicester and Swansea .  The 25-year-old has one year left on his deal at Terek Grozny .  Stan Ternent , Hull 's chief scout , has watched the winger .  He impressed during Poland 's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month .
A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents .  In one instance , Bill Clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $ 500,000 for a June 2010 speech in Moscow funded by an investment bank with ties
First-of-its-kind robotic vehicle recently dove to depths never before visited under Antarctica 's Ross Ice Shelf and brought back video of life on the seafloor .  The icefin was deployed -LRB- and retrieved -RRB- the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor .  The technology developed for Icefin will also help in the search for life
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June .  It sees impressionist Alistair McGowan portray the disgraced paedophile .  Maitland said the public is ` ready ' for the play to be shown .  The play is based on interviews with victims of the late comedian 's depraved behaviour .  It was revealed in a television documentary into the abuse in the 70s and 80s .  It
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham .  Martin Skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop Bentekes .  Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson are set for a midfield battle at Wembley .  Ron Vlaar and Nathan Baker make an imposing back line .  Raheem Sterling 's pace and
Leonie Granger , 25 , targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan , 56 , at a London casino .  Care assistant , from Gillingham , Kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player .  She lured him to his flat after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes .  Granger took advantage of him being a ` soft target ' , the court heard .  She left
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Ralph Body , up until March 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City , Queens .  The 41-year-old doorman said he ` gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked .  Body says he only did what was asked of him , like cleaning cat litter
Isidro Garcia , 41 , will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade .  Authorities said the daughter of Garcia 's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana , California .  After an argument broke out
Work at Dome of the Rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims .  But when old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented floor designs .  Could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago .  Jewish tradition says the Ark was buried under the Dome .  Authorities say they did not get the chance to document designs before they
Michael Kimmel , 40 , was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider .  Kimmel was ordered to stop , but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat , jeans and boots .  According to the arrest report , Kimmel would not take a sobriety test and refused a breath and blood alcohol
Kent Sprouse , 42 , gunned down Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt , 28 , at a gas station outside of Dallas in 2002 .  He also shot dead a customer , Pedro Moreno , 38 , who was pumping gas nearby .  A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death , and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether he was mentally ill at
Jordan Henderson has signed a new deal with Liverpool worth more than # 100,000 per week .  The deal will keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2020 .  The 24-year-old 's current terms had 12 months to run .  Henderson has been in negotiations since the start of the season with Henderson 's advisers .  He could be handed the armband when Steven Gerrard moves to LA Galaxy
` I did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' Rose McGrath of battle Creek , Michigan said tearfully .  Last week St . Joseph 's Middle School , a private Catholic School , sent a letter to Rose McGrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance .  Rose 's mother Barbara McGrath said even though
Al Qaeda-linked networks have changed tactics since Edward Snowden 's leaks .  Extremist websites have also released encryption programmes for followers .  Other groups using human couriers instead of email and mobile phones .  Snowden fled justice in the US to Hong Kong , then Russia , where he was granted asylum and now lives in a secret location .  MI5 director general Andrew Parker has called the traitor 's
FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make .  Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster .  In fact , an SPF should be an essential part of your daily skincare regime , says Dr Mike Bell , Skincare Scientific Advisor for Boots UK .  Another simple way to make
Ander Herrera started just three of the 21 games Manchester United played .  The Spaniard has established himself in Louis van Gaal 's first team plans .  Herrera scored a brace against Aston Villa at Old Trafford .
Madison Avery Crotty , from San Diego , is seen crying and crying .  Her doting father Buddy tried out several types of ` white noise ' sounds to try and get Madison to sleep .  He 's seen looking delighted to discover that his daughter finds the Star Wars sound soothing .  The crackling , deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb
China 's leadership has hit back at U.S. . President Barack Obama who condemned China for building an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea .  Comes as satellite images show Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands .  The area is claimed by many other countries in the region , including the Philippines , Vietnam , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan .  China
A woman died instantly on Wednesday after she drove her SUV around an active crossing gate and collided with an Amtrak train in Mississippi .  The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian .  Coroner said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman 's name until all family members had been notified .  The last Amtrak fatality in Mississippi before Wednesday was at a Copiah County
Nicholas Figueroa , 23 , was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in East Village .  He was settling a check for himself and a colleague when the building exploded .  His body was pulled from the rubble last week alongside that of 26-year-old busboy .  Hundreds of relatives , friends and strangers gathered to bid an emotional farewell .  Father , Nixon , told mourners : `
Alison Sharland , 47 , agreed # 10.35 m settlement with ex-husband Charles , 54 .  She agreed to give up her claim to equal share in husband 's software company .  But husband Charlie had lied about value of his share in AppSense .  Court of Appeal found he lied to court but refused to overturn settlement .
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government 's ` troubled relations ' with the Muslim community .  The report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a ` serious national security threat '  But the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response .  It comes just a day after
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home .  He was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later .  The 18-year-old tabby cat has now been reunited with owners after Julia Hill posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group .  Gemma Davison-Lemalle , 30 , said : ` It 's absolutely bonkers to think he travelled so
Jeremy Clarkson will not be hosting Have I Got News For You later this month .  The TV personality was due to record the show on April 23 .  It would have marked Clarkson 's first appearance for the BBC since being dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel .  Clarkson has vowed to keep working after being dismissed from the
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend .  The man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind .  Police have expressed their ` disgust ' over the incident .  The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .  In
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation .  Play was halted twice at the Boris Paichadze Stadium in Tbilisi .  GFF president Zviad Sichinava admits he fears UEFA will force him to shut the stadium for the September 4 clash with Gordon Strachan 's side .
Chester , a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix , had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island for the past five years .  The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 .  The shelter posted a picture on Thursday of Chester with a sign around his neck saying : ` Why does n't anybody want me ? I ' ve been
British holidaymaker had to be forcibly removed from a Manchester-bound plane .  Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway in the Red Sea city of Hurghada .  Witness said the unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane .  Passenger Tony Penner , 53 , said : ` He started shouting `` I 'll kill anybody who gets near me on the plane '' ``  Thomas Cook
Maria Malone-Guerbaa , 41 , from London , used nothing but paints to transform herself into a bunny .  Used only her brushes and professional kryolan paint to create a grey rabbit .  The mother-of-two said she did n't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result .  She simply googled pictures of bunnies , picking one she liked best and replicating the image on her face
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for Bath on Friday night .  Burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny .  Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow .  In league , for nine years , my game has been about taking short balls and looking for holes ,
Labour leader stopped off at Praise House Community Church in Croydon .  He bowed his head while church leaders ` put their hands forward towards Ed '  Mr Miliband described himself as a ` Jewish atheist ' , but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes .  On Friday night David Cameron addressed 45,000 Christians at an event at the Excel
Nicholas Pence , 25 , and his father David , 56 , were shot dead ` execution-style '  They had been celebrating football game in their garage in Metairie , Louisiana .  They were found by David 's wife , Nicholas 's mother , moments after shooting .  Dexter Allen , 17 , and Haraqyon Degruy , 18 , have been charged with double killing .  Neither have a `
Warren Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix , Arizona , on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women .  In a police video released on Monday , Sapp , 42 , cries , cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel .  He admits he paid for oral sex and that ` everyone got
Jose Mourinho is backing Eden Hazard to win the PFA and Football Writers ` awards .  Hazard has been outstanding for Chelsea this season .  Hazard is likely to feature at Queens Park Rangers on Saturday .  Diego Costa is set to be out of action for four weeks with a hamstring injury .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi .  The 51-year-old was hit by one of Derby 's distinctive yellow Hackney Carriages .  The mother-of-two had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk .  She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling .  She said : ` It 's very difficult but I try to have yellow flowers in my house
Camilla Kerslake , 26 , suffered a wardrobe malfunction at the Olivier Awards .  She was joined by England rugby skipper boyfriend Chris Robshaw .  Robshaw played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester .  Couple cosied up to each other as they arrived for the awards on Sunday .  The ` pre-engaged ' couple looked the picture of happiness at the ceremony .  Camilla has been spotted
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on May 30 .  Reds captain Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season .  Simon Mignolet insists his side are not thinking too far ahead .  Liverpool last reached the final in 2012 , when they lost to Chelsea .  Reds have not won the trophy since the 2006 final against West Ham .  Brendan Rodgers `
Spending on consultants has doubled to # 1.4 billion over the past four years .  It now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending .  Hundreds of ` team leaders ' working on aid projects earn at least # 120,000 a year .  Daily rates of between # 800 and # 1000 are commonplace , the Times said .  Revelations will return attention to Britain
Tony Toutouni , 42 , is threatening to become the new King of Instagram .  Entrepreneur has amassed a huge following thanks to his extravagant lifestyle .  He is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models .  His outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months .  His friend Dan Bilzerian , also dubbed the King of instagram , has a staggering eight million
Anna Foord , of Elstree , Hertfordshire , convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent .  The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue 's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made .  She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the # 1.5 m ` boiler room
The unnamed woman , believed to be between 25 and 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn .  Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening .  Investigators believe the faded body art was the name ` Monique ' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose
American Airlines has introduced their new ` indie ' playlists .  Rockers such as The xx , Haim , Phantogram and Hozier have been piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking .  Passengers have taken to Twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists .  The new playlists include Foster The People , Foster the People and Lykke Li .  The airline is targeting a younger
Couple , who are in their 30s , convicted of noise pollution and harassment .  They were convicted of ` raucous screams ' during steamy sex sessions .  Neighbours first took them to court in 2009 , described the wails of passion as ` deafening '  They have now been ordered to pay # 9,000 in damages to their neighbours .  Caroline Cartwright , from Tyne and Wear , was
Aljaz Bedene played twice for Slovenia in 2010 and 2011 .  Greg Rusedski has backed Bedene 's bid to play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup .  Bedene is ranked 99 in the world , making him British No 2 .
The child 's infectious giggles can be heard after he met his hero R2D2 at a Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim , California .  The pair began spinning around each other in circles at the event .  The child is then heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch the pair .  The boy 's reaction was one of the highlights of the event for him .  The
A new interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states , 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties .  Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change .  But within the US , opinions on global warming vary wildly between states , local communities , and congressional districts .  People in California , for
Becky Watts , 16 , went missing from her Bristol home in February .  Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill .  An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings , involving her step-brother , take place .  Nathan Matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step-sister .  His girlfriend Shauna Hoare ,
Harry Kane has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year .  Mauricio Pochettino says Kane deserves to win the award .  Hazard is the favourite to land the award after his excellent season with Chelsea .  Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
New figures show 238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014 , just three million less than pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 .  Most passengers -LRB- 144m -RRB- fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK .  The United Arab Emirates also ranks in the top 10 countries British flyers most travel to .  Greece is the biggest
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a $ 250,000 bet ahead of Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao mega-fight .  The rapper and producer put his money where his mouth is ahead of the fight .  The pair agreed to put the bet in front of a swimming pool .  The Las Vegas fight is expected to gross over $ 300million .  American boxer Adrien Broner has revealed he will be putting
Auckland coastguards received a call out to an annual fishing event .  About 5 homemade ` boats ' were taking part in the race on Sunday .  The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car .  One vessel capsized just outside of the harbour , causing three people to have a bit of a paddle , but no one was injured .
Georgia Davis , 22 , has been lifted from her home in Aberdare , south Wales .  A number of roads had to be closed in the neighbourhood as firefighters worked .  Eye-witness said it was ` absolute chaos ' with 999 vehicles at the property .  Ms Davis has previously been rescued from another property in 2012 .
Ruud Gullit controversially decided not to start Duncan Ferguson and Alan Shearer at St James ` Park in 1999 .  Carver was assistant to the Dutchman at Newcastle between 1998 and 1999 .  Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club on Sunday .  The former Newcastle boss 's first game in charge was against Sunderland in August 1999 .  Carver was Alan Pardew 's side
Blair name-checked Miliband only once , devoting his speech to his achievements .  The dashing Shadow Business Secretary is being mentored by Lord Mandelson , the former Blairite Cabinet minister , who wants to see him as the next Labour leader .  The programme for the dinner was littered with errors and even misspelt Umunna 's name .  Blair shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein , who won the
Irish jockey Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car .  The 22-second clip shows the Irish jockey galloping towards the car .  Paddy Power claims he jumped straight over the car , which was travelling at 40mph .  Walsh will ride Ballycasey in Saturday 's Grand National at Aintree .
St Mary 's Hospital in London is the first choice of venue for the royal baby .  But hospitals in Reading and Norfolk are on standby in case she goes into labour .  Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace .  The 33-year-old may visit her parents in Bucklebury , Berkshire , this week .  Or she could opt to stay at
Jesse Roepcke , 27 , from Summerfield , Florida , was arrested Sunday for pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia .  While in jail , police discovered that he had stashed a quantity of marijuana in his backside .  He told police he was just having fun with the laser and did n't know it was illegal to point it at
Manchester City , Chelsea , Arsenal , Liverpool and Manchester United have all been knocked out of the Champions League .  Cristiano Ronaldo , Patrice Evra , Carlos Tevez , Paul Pogba , Dimitar Berbatov , Gerard Pique , Xabi Alonso and Javier Hernandez are still involved in Europe 's top competition .  There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved .  Gareth Bale is the only
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The 50-year-old man shot and wounded his daughter 's boyfriend and a police officer .  He barricaded himself into his home in the north-eastern city of Zaragoza .  After a night of failed negotiations , he opened fire on the elite police unit .  He yelled ` enter if you have the balls ' before an intense firefight ensued .  He is in a serious condition at hospital after being
Kevin O ` Connor , who owns Memories Pizza in Walkerton , Indiana , told reporters he has temporarily shut the restaurant 's doors .  Crystal O ` Conner said : ' If a gay couple came in and wanted us to provide pizzas for their wedding , we would have to say no `  The pizzeria had been in operation for nine years before closing today .  It comes
Dementia sufferers at Hebrew Care Home in New York are woken up each morning with a video recording from a loved one .  The hope is that the videos will ease their confusion , forgetfulness and agitation .  The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates .  In which Drew Barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss .  Relatives are encouraged to
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal .  Twiddling the knobs of a radio will no longer be necessary as digital services switch off in favour of digital .  The UK had planned to turn off its own FM service by 2018 .  But the plans were later shelved following objections from commercial radio stations .  The switch to digital radio
Jack Wilshere has not played for Arsenal since November 22 .  The 23-year-old suffered an ankle injury against Manchester United on November 22 .  Arsene Wenger 's side face Burnley on Saturday in the Premier League .  The Gunners have signed several players from Arsenal in recent times .  Roy Hodgson has preferred to use the midfielder in a defensive role for the national team .  CLICK HERE for all
Paula Radcliffe set the world record of 2 : 15.25 in the London Marathon in April 2003 .  The 41-year-old won her third and final race over the 26.2 mile course from Blackheath to The Mall in 2005 .  It is inside 2 : 42.00 , the IAAF qualifying standard for the Rio Olympics next summer .  The former heptathlete described herself as ` unfit and unprepared ' for the
Paul Merson had another dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley on Sunday .  Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham as they drew 0-0 with Burnley .  Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy .  Sky Sports pundit criticised Townsend 's call-up to the England squad last week .  Merson said : ` When I '
More than 200 Yazidi prisoners , made up of women , children and the elderly , have been set free in northern Iraq after nearly a year in ISIS captivity .  They had been led to believe they were being led to their execution , but instead , were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions .  The Yazidis are said to be in poor health and
Amir Khan enjoyed a family day at a safari park in northern California .  Bolton-born boxer posed with , and also fed , a rare but dangerous white tiger .  Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30 .
Carrie Fisher , 58 , who is reprising her role as Princess Leia , and Mark Hamill , 63 , were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out .  Not on hand was Harrison Ford who is the franchise 's Han Solo .  Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was ` resting ' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in
A 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery .  He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date .  The cross-dressing robber allegedly held up a service station with a homemade machine gun .  He was wearing a blonde wig , red lipstick , a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat .
Five Chinese feminists have been detained by police for more than a month .  They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport .  The activists have been linked to several stunts which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women 's toilets in China .  They now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged
Shona Banda , 37 , wrote a book about how she uses liquid form of cannabis as therapy for Crohn 's disease in 2009 .  She was diagnosed with the inflammatory bowel disease in the early 2000s .  Banda has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City , Kansas .  Her 11-year-old son was taken by police on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday .  Quiana Jeffries is the champ 's personal chef .  Jeffries has helped him with his strict organic food diet .  The boxer 's most unhealthy food craving is ` fried hot dogs ... with barbecue sauce '  The 38-year-old chef charges around # 1,000 per meal .  Jeffries also has to cope with
England take on a St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI in Basseterre .  Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott both scored centuries in the two-day game .  The pair came together at the top of the order yesterday for the first time since a brief experiment in Bangladesh five years ago .  England ended last year 's Test summer with three successive wins against India .  It was the scale of
Rihanna is one of a growing number of celebrities who are ditching their bras .  In 2015 , the liberation now extends to clothing choices when out and about .  Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home at A-List parties .  Kim Kardashian left her bra behind as she went out for a date with Kanye West .  Miranda Kerr , Rachel Hunter and Rachel Hunter
Documents released by whistleblower Edward Snowden allege Britain was actively spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011 .  There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims .  They include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government .  Revelations come in the wake of already heightened tensions with the discovery of oil in the Falklands by the British last
Authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for an explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a Buffalo street in a blast that was captured by a television news photographer .  The fire began around 11 : 30 a . m . Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo , WGRZ reported .  Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes
Gareth Bale joined Real Madrid for a world record # 86million in 2013 .  Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea has been linked with a summer move .  Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidane has ruled out the idea of selling Bale .  The 25-year-old insists he would ` improve any squad in the world '
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ` entrance where Drake was performing at the festival in Indio , California .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  The Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake 's gig .  They showed they had proper wristbands , but
Ron Aydelott , head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years , was attacked in his office Tuesday .  The 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt ` disrespected '  The boy was in the coach 's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team .  He was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with
Carlos Colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body .  The remains of Jonathan Camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning .  Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool .  Ibe damaged knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26 .  Brendan Rodgers says the 19-year-old has looked ` absolutely sensational '  Ibe could return to the first team against Newcastle on Monday night .
Steven Nelms , from Plano , Texas , penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother .  He says he ` ca n't afford ' his wife to be a Stay-At-Home mom , and then breaks down the monetary value of all that she provides .  He estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $ 36,660 a year
Dr Adrian Quarterman , of Dundee University , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy .  The satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest sunlight and convert it into laser light .  The energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back to earth .  If it works , it could mean solar power could become
Ian Walters , 51 , allegedly drove his 4x4 off the M1 causing it to explode .  Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck , court heard .  The church treasurer , of Swindon , denies murder of his wife Tracy .  Court heard he was returning home from a ` make-or-break ' week away in North Yorkshire .  His wife , Tracy Walters ,
Ukip leader is touring the country hoping to show how Britain can cope without Europe .  He met Ivan Loncsarevity at a hinge factory in Clacton , Essex .  After an awkward exchange he insisted he did not want to send EU migrants home .  Mr Farage 's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion for weeks .  He wants an Australian-style system to set targets for skills needed for
Yoko Ono has led the tributes to John Lennon 's first wife Cynthia .  She called her a ` wonderful mother ' with a ` strong zest for life '  Yoko said she was ` proud ' how she and Cynthia had ` stood firm in the Beatles family '  Cynthia , who married Lennon after meeting him in college , died at her home in Spain .  She later
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday , just in time for the start of the off-season program , ESPN 's Adam Schefter reported .  Tebow 's last regular-season NFL game was in December 2012 with the New York Jets , from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team .  Tebow
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game against Burnley in the FA Cup final at Turf Moor .  The Welsh midfielder has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season , none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner in the final .  Ramsey dedicated his last couple of goals to his late Gran who died a few weeks ago .  His grandmother would have
Dartmouth College judicial committee has ` derecognized ' Alpha Delta .  It found the frat responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations .  The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision .  The 46-year-old Greek organization partly inspired the 1978 National Lampoon 's Animal House starring John Belushi .  A sophomore pledge of Alpha Delta reportedly agreed to be branded
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford .  Ashley Young scored and created two more for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling .  Louis van Gaal 's side celebrated by laughing at ` noisy neighbours '  The 29-year-old said United were focused on quieting City fans .
Felix David , 24 , was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions when he reportedly began attacking officers .  He was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45 pm incident and later died at a local hospital .  Sources said that David grabbed an officer 's radio and hit him over the head with it .  Two officers involved
Laura Wells was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005 .  She has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women 's Weekly .  The 177-centimetre beauty has modelled for Macy 's , Bloomingdale 's and Asos .
Paul Gascoigne 's daughter Bianca was mugged by a gang of eight on Tuesday .  The 28-year-old 's phone reportedly contained private texts from the former England midfielder .  She later tweeted about the mugging , branding them ` lowlifes on bikes '  Last month she hit out at Twitter trolls who attacked her saying she should have done more to help her step-father , who has had a well-documented
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will miss Wednesday 's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn due to suspension .  The 34-year-old will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler says Liverpool 's players must not focus on the skipper .  Fowler says they have got to ` do it for every individual involved with the club '
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 to reach William Hill Scottish Cup final .  Defender David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time .  Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon was sent off for bringing down Marley Watkins .  Inverness will face Falkirk in the final at Hampden Park .
West Brom are monitoring Nice forward Alassane Plea .  Plea has scored three goals this season and can play as an attacking midfielder .  The former Lyon trainee has been capped at various levels by France including U21 .  Tony Pulis is also monitoring former Blackburn defender Bryan Dabo .
The state-backed bank lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year .  Comes after RBS was forced to put aside # 856m to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra # 334m for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks .  The loss is a blow to taxpayers , who own 80 per cent of the
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth .  Once he 's put an item in the machine , Baron patiently waits for another to be reinsed .  He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .  To date the clip
Cesc Fabregas broke his nose during Chelsea 's 1-0 win against QPR .  The 27-year-old scored the winning goal in the Premier League clash on Sunday .  The Spaniard removed the mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner .  The former Barcelona star travelled to Milan to see a specialist who produced masks for Fernando Torres , Petr Cech and Demba Ba .  The orthopedic centre made the mask
John Daniel Tohill , 37 , was last heard from by family in 2005 .  He left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north on his way north .  On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call saying he would be visiting them .  John had never left the country , had no savings and did not possess a driver 's licence .  John will visit his family
Colin Cromie , 49 , told Xara Grogan , 29 , they should jet to Barcelona for a break .  But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured .  He became ` increasingly hostile ' and would snatch instruments from her .  He blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice , tribunal heard .  He would also snatch her from her in the surgery and
Last year , Shelly Nicholas in New Mexico was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat .  Nicholas filed a report against the officers , but body cam footage later revealed it was more of a request than an order .
Mike Heatlie , 42 , attacked Fiona McCartney outside a nightclub in Edinburgh .  He asked the pair for a cigarette but neither woman had one to give him .  He then lashed out and punched her , leaving her in a pool of blood .  Ms McCartney , 43 , said she is too frightened to leave her home after the attack .  Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff
A 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a 2m by 2m structure at a Canberra school .  The cage was specifically designed for him to as a ` withdrawal space '  The structure was in place from March 10 to March 27 , according to ACT Education Minister Joy Burch .  Two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school .  The school only removed the
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer .  He disinherited surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years .  Family claimed carer exploited ` vulnerable ' childless widower , who had Parkinson 's disease and was in poor health .  But the mother-of-one , 50 , insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out with his
Condemned Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her owner Tania Isbester 's backyard in The Basin , east Melbourne .  The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5 cm to her finger on August 4 in 2012 , which is deemed as a ` serious injury ' under the Domestic Animal Act in Victorian law .  Izzy
Nicole Mihai was told by New Zealand Immigration that once her visa expires , she must return to Romania .  The 34-year-old separated from her New Zealand born partner after a two-year relationship .  She was awarded full custody of their son , with her ex partner having little contact with Chris .  In order for Chris to move to Romania to be with his mother , his father would
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings .  18 per cent of us are now choosing to holiday in the UK compared to 8 per cent five years ago .  Couples are shunning religious ceremonies when it comes to their big day .  Registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds , going from three per cent to nine per cent since 2010
Edwin ` Jock ' Mee allegedly targeted female cadets as young as 15 .  He allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her .  The woman , now 27 , claims Mee raped her as he called her a ` sweet woman '  She claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy .  The divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three
Scientists at Johannes Gutenberg University , Mainz , found a system of priming the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours .  Early trials ` profoundly retarded ' tumour growth in mice .  Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent , according to results published in the journal Nature last night .  Scientists are
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool .  The 20-year-old 's # 100,000-a-week contract at Anfield has been put on hold by Brendan Rodgers .  Sterling said he was ` flattered ' by interest from Arsenal .  Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Marcel Hirscher , 26 , is the first male skier to win four straight World Cup titles .  The Austrian skier created a rainbow run at Reiteralm , Austria .  He used coloured powder packed into poles to create the effect .  The process involved 11 cameras , a specially-enhanced slope , and three days to set up .  Biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course .
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey .  Even though they have a prenup that would pay Nick $ 10million , Nick wanted more .  When Mariah refused he decided to get his payday through a book deal .  But he insisted he needs and deserves more than what they originally talked about , but Mariah would n't
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner , 32 , fled the FLDS sect led by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago to escape an abusive husband .  She was granted full custody of her four children , ages 8-13 , last week after she tried to pick up them .  Hundreds of polygamists surrounded her van and kept her from reaching the home where her children were staying .  She called police
Steve Davis beat Dennis Taylor 9-7 in the 1985 World Snooker final .  Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green .  Taylor pounced upon the error from Davis to overturn the difference .  The 1985 final was watched by 18.5 million , a BBC2 record .  It is way behind the most-watched sporting events : 1966 World Cup final 32.30 m .  1970 FA Cup
Aiko Chihira is set to start work at the Mitsukoshi department store in Tokyo .  The female-looking robot , named Aiko , will only speak Japanese .  She uses sign language to introduce itself to humans , according to Toshiba .  The android 's appearance was n't modeled on any specific person .  But it was designed to give a friendly impression .  The robot is programmed with multiple human-like
The chocolate sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of Sherlock .  It took a crew of eight people to create and weighs 40kg .  It took over 250 man hours to complete and took a team of eight to complete .  It was unveiled at Westfield Stratford City shopping centre 's atrium .  Shoppers at the mall were more than a little surprised by the 6ft sculpture
Radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros .  Demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the IMF .  Greece suffered a brutal occupation at the hands of Hitler 's forces in 1941 .  More than 40,000 people are believed to have starved to death in Athens alone .  A parliamentary committee established by Greek prime minister Alexis
Football 's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online .  Mario Balotelli is the Premier League player who receives most abuse online .  Arsenal 's Danny Welbeck received 1,700 abusive messages , 60 per cent of which related to sexual orientation .  Almost a third of the abusive posts were racist , a quarter were based on gender and just
The Queen 's cousin , 79 , injured himself while on Easter trip to Balmoral .  He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday with a dislocated hip .  Prince Edward walked to his daughter 's car with a walking stick before being driven away .  Buckingham Palace said today that he had been ` successfully ' treated .  The Duke 's dislocation comes just two years after
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver .  The former Manchester United player has denied committing a public order offence .  He is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to the driver .  The 43-year-old will face trial at Manchester Magistrates ` Court on June 19 .
Eastern Sydney 's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for convicted rapist Luke Lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family '  She is now developing ` a new risky behaviour education program ' for young women .  Lazarus , a 23-year-old former private school boy , was jailed for at least three years on March 27 after he raped the teenage virgin in an alleyway outside his
The Army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for secretive unit .  The 77 Brigade was launched in January in response to jihadis ` online propaganda .  It is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel .  Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ` social media , financial operations and counter-criminality '  But he admits that civilians with relevant experience are not natural
Robbers used sledgehammer and axe to break into jewellery shop in Wigan , Greater Manchester .  They were caught on camera by a bystander who barricaded the door .  They fled on a motorbike and threatened a member of the public with an axe .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Marouane Fellaini gave the Red Devils a 2-1 lead with a header .  Ander Herrera has been in impressive form for Louis van Gaal 's side .  The Spaniard is now a key cog in United 's well-behaved side .  Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
Britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the Apple Watch .  The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version and costs # 299 in the UK .  In the US , the same model costs $ 349 , but this does n't include sales tax .  California has one of the highest sales taxes-at 9 % - while Montana has zero .  When sales taxes are
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The sickening image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria .  Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi , a self proclaimed ` founder of the Syrian revolution , ' believes the image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis .  The image has yet to be verified but it bears strong similarities to earlier ISIS propaganda .  In August , notorious Australian terrorist Khaled Sharrouf released
Jeffrey Okafor , 24 , is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death .  The 19-year-old victim , known as DJ Charmz , had been leaving a nightclub in London .  He then fled to Nigeria on his brother 's passport , Woolwich Crown Court heard .  Prosecution said three people had been specifically targeted in the attack .  Victim , who appeared in CBBC spy show MI High ,
Michael Oliver should have awarded Oscar a penalty .  Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla .  Arsenal had an appeal of their own when the ball span up and caught Gary Cahill on the arm .
Jackie McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week .  Dundee United have won just once , in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer .  Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice .  Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were sold to Celtic for # 2million on transfer deadline day .  United have not won in 12 matches
Dustin Wayne South , 32 , died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene , in a field behind Lassiter Middle School , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city .  A neighbor saw South wielding a gun in the air while waving a gun .  Two bullets fired by police struck South , but neither was lethal , said Jo-Ann Farmer , chief deputy coroner .
Minnesota 's This Morning anchor Jason DeRush introduced her boyfriend Justin McCray after an on-air discussion about the price of engagement rings .  Ashley 's co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after a segment on wedding costs that touched on the cost of the ring .  ` I want to spend the rest of my life with you , ' Justin told Ashley , before getting down
Nigel Farage admits Ukip has ` slipped back a bit ' in the polls .  But he expects to recover momentum in run-up to next month 's election .  Key campaign issues like EU membership are now ` back in play ' with voters .  Support for his party has fallen from 16.75 per cent in November to just 12.25 per cent today .  Voters appearing to switch to the
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university .  The university initially balked at revealing the Texas-born actor 's fee , citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency .  However , the university says it is
Tong Shao , a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University , went missing in September 2014 .  After a three week search , police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry .  Her boyfriend , Xiangnan Li , 23 , was listed as a person of interest in the case .  He bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group , which tracks the world 's longest-living people .  Gertrude Weaver , a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on Monday .  Talley was born May 23,1899 .
Police in Rhein Erft , Germany , received a bizarre phone call about a large kangaroo .  They assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the call .  They found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl , 20 kilometres south of Cologne .
Kim Min Hyeok , who plays for Sagan Tosu , allegedly stamped on opponent Mu Kanazaki .  The 23-year-old was given a yellow card and allowed to play on .  Sagan are ninth in the J-League and fans are outraged .
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen .  The citation recognises the Duke 's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth .  Mr Abbott 's announcement on Australia Day-celebrated on January 26-that the Queen 's consort would be awarded his nation 's highest award prompted questions over the wisdom of knighting a British royal .  The media dubbed
The Pillars of Creation are one of the most iconic images ever to be captured by the Hubble Space Telescope .  Now , astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these columns of interstellar gas and dust .  The new observations , taken by the European Space Agency , reveal many new details -- including a previously unseen jet from a young star .  By measuring the Pillar
Accused balcony murderer Gable Tostee was denied early release for dangerous driving charges .  The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit for drink driving in July .  He was involved in an alcohol-fuelled chase with police across state borders .  He was on bail for the alleged murder of New Zealand woman Warriena Tagpuno Wright on Tinder date .  He admitted to police he was intoxicated and his
Tom McTevia , 42 , who was left without the use of his legs following another ATV accident 11 years ago , was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington , 45 , near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County , Idaho , on Sunday .  When the group stopped for a photograph around noon , his ATV got too close to the edge
Roman Abramovich has never spoken in public since buying Chelsea .  Marina Granovskaia is confirmed to speak at a women in sport conference .  She is also the club 's transfer and contract negotiator .  She is understood to regard the occasion as an appropriate platform to reveal more about her work in sport .  The club are known to be keen for a fresh voice to be heard from
Alexis Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season .  Frank McLintock says Sanchez is the only player good enough to get into the great teams of yesteryear .  Arsenal are second in the Premier League after an eight-match winning run .  The Gunners face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday .
Ambulance crews in London had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning .  The busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered .  This is more than three times the average of 180 .  London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour .  Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight .  55 people in the
Poundland last week announced sales exceed # 1billion for the first time last year .  Items on sale at Poundland are sometimes up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets .  A 250g box of Kellogs Cornflakes for # 1 , while at Tesco they can buy a 750g bag of cereal for the same price .  But Poundland shoppers are being charged more per unit
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act , but say they would deny service to gay people .  Jennifer Williams , of Jeff Davis County , said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ` It does n't mean that I love them any less '  Melissa Jeffcoat , who is studying
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of # 13million in 2014 .  Another 4.7 million were given indigestion pills costing # 29million , damning analysis has found .  Critics said it was ` ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out when NHS was rationing routine treatments .  Britain ranked 27th in the world for health and wellness in 2014 , behind Slovenia , Spain
Three former England rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the North Pole .  Lewis Moody , Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt .  Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing .  The stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated a safe return from their epic endeavour to
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in PSG 's 3-1 Champions League quarter-final defeat against Barcelona .  Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a ` liability at the back '  The former Chelsea defender came off the bench in Wednesday 's Champions League clash .  Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but Hoddle believes he still showed his naivety even if he was n't fully fit .
Chris Ramsey has lost six out of his seven games in charge of QPR .  Tim Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at Villa Park .  Sherwood also wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal .  Bent has hinted he could be interested in reviving his Villa career now Paul Lambert has gone .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Queens Park Rangers news .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday .  Luis Enrique 's side are now five points clear at the top of the La Liga table .  Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema has been ruled out of his side 's clash with Malaga .  Carlo Ancelotti 's men travel to the Nou Camp to face city rivals Atletico Madrid on Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the
James Staring , a London-based personal trainer , says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat .  Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise .  Unprocessed carbs increase feelings of feeling full and release sugar .  This stabilises blood sugar level , so you do n't get peaks and troughs .  The more muscle groups you use , the more calories you will burn
Left-wing , Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates .  It also designed websites of Harriet Harman , Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt .  Tory MPs last night claimed Labour 's Argentinian link was an ` embarrassment ' for Miliband .
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said .  Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other .  states-a particular concern in recent efforts to aid Ukraine-and .  pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests .  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable '  Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite welcomed the .  charges , saying : ` The era of Kremlin-backed political
Former Gossip Girl actress Kelly Rutherford , 46 , claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch , 40 .  He was deported from the U.S. . over allegations of visa fraud .  Rutherford 's lawsuit was dismissed once and for all by a New York court .  She claimed that no other U.S. . court has ordered children
British backpacker Bethany Farrell , 23 , died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland 's Whitsundays .  Friends of the 23-year-old have slammed Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances of her death .  A number of reviews have been posted to TripAdvisor slamming the charter boat operators and claiming they deleted photos of her before she died .  One of the reviews criticises
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess .  If he is right , the heir will have wispy blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old .  He ran the same software when it was announced Kate was pregnant for the first time with Prince George .  The betting public believe the
The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier in Southern Victoria .  They are fast on the move to their proper migration spot at Rye Pier .  Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area .
Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily went missing on March 30 .  Pair were visiting their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport .  Iona 's husband , co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 .  The mother 's stepson , George Costello Jr , 45 , has a long history of drug arrests .  He is currently in jail
It 's possible to turn your trusty beach reader into a solar-charging device .  By adding solar cells to your eReader , you will make it so that you never need to plug it in to charge again .  Ice cubes made of aloe vera can also be used for sunburns .  Pop your water-clogged ears by inflating a balloon after getting out of the pool .  If the first
Atletico Madrid drew 2-2 with Malaga in La Liga on Saturday .  Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal .  Antoine Griezmann scored twice to help Diego Simeone 's side .
An elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave .  The carcasses of 55 greyhounds were found by a member of the public 360 kilometres north of Brisbane on Thursday .  Police found a . 22 calibre gun , ammunition and a baseball bat in the woman 's home .  The couple , both from Bundaberg , were charged with unlawfully possessing
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property in Madagascar .  It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat .  The more aggressive of the two launches himself at his rival .  The video maker declared it ` bataille du chameleons ' , or battle of the ch .
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153 p .  Rise came after Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy British Gas .  Shareholders who bought 100 shares at the time of privatisation would have paid # 135 -LRB- # 366 today , after taken inflation into account -RRB- .  Share sell-off saw more than 1.5 million people pay 135p a
Barry Wilmore and Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GroPro cameras .  Spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of commercial spacecraft .  Astronauts can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station .  They also set up antennas and routed 4000 feet of power and data cables .  The video captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles .
Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led out for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior Luis Velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers .  Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome -LRB- PWS -RRB- that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite .  Gay 's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to stay top of League One .  Dean Bowditch scored 25 minutes from time to keep pressure on Preston .  Jermaine Beckford scored a brace to help his side beat Notts County 3-1 .  Joe Garner scored a first-half goal to set up a perfect win .  Rochdale kept their play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Leyton Orient .  Ian Henderson 's side
Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin 's current deals expire this summer .  The Toffees defender has played more for Everton 's youth team than the first team .  Martinez has not ruled out retaining existing senior players .  Tom Cleverley , who is on loan at Aston Villa , is believed to be a target .  Martinez says his club 's recruitment team have been searching for targets for six
Philippe Saint-Andre has failed to impose himself since taking over from Marc Lievremont .  He has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of Les Bleus .  He will remain in charge for the World Cup in England from September 18 to October 31 .  Rapahael Ibanez , Fabien Galthie and Guy Noves are among the favorites to land the job .
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -LRB- RBD -RRB- move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams .  They can be fighting enemies , or fleeing danger , and act out these dreams in their beds .  This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around , punching , kicking and jumping out of bed .  People with the condition are believed
Lord Greville Janner is accused of molesting young boys in 1970s and 1980s .  The Labour peer has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of memory problems .  But he could still face civil action from his alleged victims , a lawyer has said .  Slater & Gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against Lord Janner .  They have identified 25 people
David Cameron made the blunder on a campaign visit to Devon this morning .  He said : ` When you are in Devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to Cornwall , is that right ? '  But he went on : ` I ' m going to get this wrong , are n't I ? `  He added : ` In Devon it 's
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game .  One of his favorite NFL players watched from the sidelines-Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. . Watt .  When Nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him .  The heartwarming moment was caught on camera .
Barronelle Stutzman , 70 , of Richland , Washington , was fined $ 1,000 for refusing to serve a gay couple with flowers for their wedding in 2013 .  The florist 's shop , Arlene 's Flowers and Gifts , was also facing a consumer-protection lawsuit .  In February , a judge ruled that her refusal to provide flowers was a violation of anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws .
Apple has approached more than a dozen musicians , including British band Florence and the Machine , in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats .  Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months .  There will be a $ 9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $ 14.99 , according to sources .  Apple bought audio equipment and
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading .  They can sell for as much as # 6,000 each-far more than the # 28 fee that Sweden 's government charges for new or renewed travel documents .  The British passport is also one of the most powerful travel documents on the planet .  It allows visa-free entry into 174 countries -- the same as Finland , Germany
Pattie Boyd , 71 , has tied the knot for the third time with Rod Weston .  She was married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past .  She was at the heart of the most famous love triangle in rock history .  Born in Somerset , she met Harrison on the set of A Hard Day 's Night in 1964 .  They were married two years
The creative stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame , Ecuador 's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works .  It fooled 40 tourists into thinking they had flown to Costa Rica to enjoy the delights of its famous port town Golfito .  But in fact , the group were exploring the activities on offer in the country 's Napo Province , in the Amazon rainforest .
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium .  Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days .  Ben Flower made his return from a six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia .  Sam Tomkins signed for New Zealand Warriors on a four-year deal .  Tomkins was announced as Wigan 's new signing at the end of the season .  Tomkins made his first appearance for the
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists .  Some dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings .  The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues , such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone
Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for Southampton .  The midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .  Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old .  Koeman admits he may have to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne .
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road -LRB- 1.30 pm -RRB- .  Defender Richard Dunne is close to a return but will not be considered .  Rio Ferdinand and Yun Suk-young are still out for QPR .  Cesc Fabregas will start with a mask to protect his broken nose .  John Obi Mikel is fit again following a knee injury .  QPR have kept a clean sheet in three
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana , South America , to New York .  Authorities said they spotted her ` sweating profusely ' and ` avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search .  Fowler was found to be wearing one pair of black
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were flying from Dundee to Tiree , Scotland .  They were on a surprise visit to see his wife 's mother and sister .  Mr Rous 's light aircraft crashed into a hillside in the Scottish highlands .  When the couple failed to turn up at the island 's airstrip , a search party was scrambled .  The wreckage of the plane and the couple 's
Personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 .  Direct Assist told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years .  Information Commissioner 's Office and Telephone Preference Service registered 801 concerns .  One elderly and deaf complainant said callers left them in fear of answering phone .
Since Monday , over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of pension pots .  Instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life , known as an annuity .  Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked .  Customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw retirement savings .  Others were unaware they faced a hefty tax bill if
Gary Barlow , Mark Owen and Howard Donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago .  Trio have yet to stump up cash and are dealing directly with HMRC .  Last May 's tax tribunal ruled ` investment ' scheme was invalid .  1,000 clients who invested in Icebreaker claimed they did not know scheme broke any rules .  TV presenter Gabby Logan has already repaid all she owed
Linden , New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month .  Toxicology results released Monday show Abad 's blood alcohol content was 0.24 .  The legal limit in New York is 0.08 .  Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club .
Raheem Sterling scored Liverpool 's opener in the first half at Anfield .  Philippe Coutinho was sent off in the 71st minute after picking up a yellow card .  Philippe Sissoko was shown a red card for fouling Daniel Sturridge .  Liverpool midfielder made it 2-1 in the second half with a neat finish .  Sterling 's goal was the Reds ` first in the Premier League this season .
The photograph is believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock at Geelong College , south-west of Melbourne .  Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared on Snapchat .  Geelong College Council said the incident was a serious breach of the school 's standards .  Mr Barr
Larry McElroy , 54 , fired his 9mm pistol at an armadillo in his Leesburg , Georgia , backyard on Sunday night .  One bullet killed the animal , another bounced off the animal and hit a fence .  His mother-in-law , 74-year-old Carol Johnson , suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital .
Cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice .  He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November .  A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s .  Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute on social media calling him ` an absolute gentleman '  Benaud had witnessed-as both player and
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter .  Kim Kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler North West .  Myleene Klass 's bunny-themed egg hunt for her 15-month-old son Parker .  Amanda Holden shared a snap of her daughters embarking on an Easter egg hunt .  Britain 's Got Talent judge shared a picture of her two daughters .  The Saturdays singer Frankie Bridge also organised an Easter
Dubbed a HydraFacial , the treatment costs around $ 150 -LRB- # 100 -RRB- .  Uses stem cell from an infant 's foreskin .  Described as a ` multi-step treatment that promises to erase wrinkles , reverse sun damage , lighten dark spots , and prevent acne '  One writer , Ashley Weatherford , had the treatment hailed its benefits .  She described her post-facial confidence as being at `
Roxy Wallace , 50 , was a bodyguard called Bob , who lived a reclusive life .  Long-term condition was caused by Bob 's belief he had been born into the wrong body .  It made it impossible to have meaningful relationship with nine-year-old son William .  She told her wife Jo , 44 , about her feelings two years ago and said she is now the ` luckiest woman
L ` Ardéchoise is a five-star park in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France .  The site has four pools , a waterfall and ` rapids ' section .  There are plentiful and clean showers , waist-high baby baths and even a dog shower area .  The site is known for having the world 's oldest cave paintings at Chauvet-Pont-d ` Arc .  It 's known as the
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro met at Summit of the Americas in Panama .  Pair are expected to meet again on Saturday to discuss diplomatic relations .  Obama said : ` We 'll have our differences , government to government , with Cuba on many issues . Just as we differ with our closest allies '  Speculation is high that Cuba could be removed from State Department
The WI has been told it must pay the Royal Albert Hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women at the venue in June .  The fruitcake has been home-made by two WI star bakers , but some of the ingredients were donated by companies including Dairy Crest , Diageo and Whitworths .  Organisers were astonished to be told that the gesture would incur
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday .  Everton midfielder James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him .  McCarthy said he thought Barkley was ` different class ' despite a mistake with an ambitious pass .  The midfielder is confident Barkley can deal with the complexities of his sometimes indifferent form .  Everton made it three successive wins , moving them 11th
Omar Hallak , principal of Islamic School Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne , reportedly bans his female students from running .  Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students at his school that Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims , but rather a plot against them by the West .  A group of female students penned a letter to their principal asking him to be `
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training .  The bath is cooled to-175 F -LRB--115 C -RRB- using liquid nitrogen .  The 38-year-old boxer is preparing for a $ 300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao .
Hampshire police launched hunt after Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August .  The couple were found in Spain but released without charge .  Freedom of Information request revealed staff and officers claimed # 12,712 . 97 in overtime over six days .  A further # 1406 was spent on accommodation , # 792 on flights , # 132 on travel and parking ,
Ashley Jiron , owner of P.B. . Jams in Warr Acres , Oklahoma , noticed someone was looking for food .  She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward .  The notice read : ` To the person going through our trash for their next meal , you ' re a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster `
Kevin Pietersen posed for a Surrey team photo at the KIA Oval .  The batsman was at the end of the front row for the event .  Pietersen has joined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the England set-up .  Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday .
President Barack Obama invited the New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday .  Said ` that whole -LRB- deflategate -RRB- story got blown out of proportion '  Quipped : ` I usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events , but with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat '  Also quipped that he wished Chicago could
A pair of masked robbers have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year , most recently on April 10 .  The two men , both 5 ` 8 ``-5 ' 9 '' , are described as ` armed and extremely dangerous ' by the FBI .  Authorities believe that the two men may have military training because of the way they handle a weapon .  The
A Survation poll for the Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories against Ed Miliband 's Labour party .  The Tories are on 33 points , followed by Labour on 30 , Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9 .  Intriguingly , there are signs that Labour is at risk from Farage 's Stkip .  In the past three weeks , Sturgeon has risen by five points
Watchtowers will be built along border to Russian exclave Kaliningrad .  The towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor border using CCTV .  Comes as tensions between the two countries are rising .
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her sister and ill mother when they were attacked by three men from a balcony .  The 34-year-old suffers from Bells Palsy , among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition .  Asma took her ill mother to a matinee screening of Les Miserables in Sydney .  The men were shouting ` You f
Cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt hanged himself on Sunday at his Miami mansion .  Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself .  The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt 's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday .  Dr Brandt , who was known for working with Madonna , Kelly Ripa and
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes ` Brackley base on Thursday .  Vettel beat Hamilton by 8.5 seconds at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29 .  The German driver finished 12.5 seconds ahead of his team-mate .
The man , believed to be mentally disturbed , was caught on video at Pearson International Airport .  He was trying to enter a restricted area but refused to abide by security protocol .  Police say he was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight .  He was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway .
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-1 at Providence Park .  Former Real Madrid ace Kaka scored a penalty in the first half .  Cyle Larin doubled Orlando 's lead in the second half .  Darlington Nagbe proved the Timbers biggest threat .
The Channel Islands Heritage Festival -LRB- 3 April -- 11 May -RRB- is a five-week hurrah of history , parades , concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago -- Guernsey , Alderney , Jersey , Herm and Sark .  Liberation Day itself will turn St Peter Port and Jersey 's capital St Helier into swirls of people and music .  It is not difficult to find traces
Former Hewlett Packard head Carly Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to ` liberal environmentalists '  ` With different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided , ' she said during a Monday radio interview .  ` California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people 's lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology . It
England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month 's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria .  The Young Lions are the defending champions after beating Holland in the final last year .  They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland , Italy and the Republic of Ireland .  They will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on May 7 .  Arsenal 's Chris Willock has
Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 in the European Challenge Cup .  Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park .  David Ewers , Byron McGuigan , Sam Hill and Dean Mumm scored for the home side .  Exeter will face Gloucester at Kingsholm in two weeks ` time for a place in the final against either Newport Gwent Dragons or the winner of Sunday 's London
Rajul Patel , 35 , targeted wealthy members of Virgin Active health clubs .  He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor .  In one spree he stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet .  He was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers five minutes after beginning his
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James ` Whitey ' Bulger was released Thursday .  In the long-awaited film , Depp plays the notorious Boston gangster who topped the FBI 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011 .  Depp is completely transformed for the role .  He looks several years older , with grey slicked back
Adam Leheup , 34 , was found not guilty of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court .  The architect , from Hersham , Surrey , had been wooing 35 women online .  The 25-year-old woman , who cannot be named , claimed he ignored her cries of ` no '  He said : ` In my experience girls say no , but they do n't
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool 's fan club .  The 27-year-old has been called up for England 's final two Tests in West Indies .  The Pak Reds have branches in Lahore , Islamabad , Hyderabad , Peshawar and Chakwal .  Ali posted pictures with Raheem Sterling and Emre Can on his Twitter account .
All 62 items -- including an Indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks -- have been placed in storage .  Even the blood-red walls have been painted white , as if to make clear the break with the past .  The drastic change was apparent when the estate reopened its doors to the public on Saturday .  Questions were raised in December about legality of ` unworked items
Robin Wright played Jenny , Tom Hanks ` childhood sweetheart , in Forest Gump .  She married actor Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989 .  The couple had two children , daughter Dylan Penn , 24 , now a fashion model and son Hopper , 21 , an actor .  Robin 's acting career dwindled rapidly after her Golden Globe nominated performance in the film
Greece is due to repay # 330million loan to the IMF on Thursday .  There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment .  Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time .  He said : ` We strive to be able to pay our obligations on time . We are ready to pay on April 9 '  Sources
Jaye and Matthew Cox gave birth to daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks .  Scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida .  She was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital .  Her parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived .  Angel Gowns , a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die
Long-running British soaps such as EastEnders , Coronation Street and Emmerdale are proving popular .  Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street .  Denise Van Outen will soon play Max Branning 's new love interest , Carin Smart .  Anna Friel , Guy Pearce , Sarah Lancashire , Joanna Lumley and even Sarah Law have all signed up .  We know lots of stars
Tristram Hunt , Labour 's shadow education secretary , said : ` Yes . In certain circumstances '  He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector .  Just seven per cent of children in the UK are privately educated .  Ukip 's James Arnott and the Green Party 's Jim Humphreys also agreed that there was no problem with a future
Akon Guode , 35 , has been released from custody after being interviewed by police .  The children 's Sudanese mother was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children .  One-year-old Bol , four , and twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's outer west just before 4pm on
Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice .  47-year-old was released from bail after providing information to detectives .  Miss Lawrence , 35 when she disappeared , was last seen on March 18,2009 .  She was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York .  Detectives have
Anyone trying to access the bank 's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex .  The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 .  The organisers allowed its registration on HSBC . com . hk to retire .
The dishevelled-looking vehicle is a celebrated 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III .  It will be worth three times its # 220,000 price if fully restored .  Car was supplied new in July 1961 to a Robert Drummond of London .  It was off the road in storage when bought by the unnamed current owner in 1982 .  Work was carried out the next year-including the engine being stripped ,
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002 .  The pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner .  Astonishingly , the image is the first to emerge of the former Beatle and Ms Mills from their wedding reception .  In another never-before-seen picture , Sir Paul acts out a mock striptease in front of his delighted bride .
Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault .  The former All Black was arrested after Connacht 's 14-7 defeat at Gloucester .  The 34-year-old is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in Cardiff .  He has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby in 2011 .
Joni Mitchell has suffered from Morgellons disease for most of her life , and has recently been hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home .  Those who suffer from the disease say they are constantly itching , and large sores on their skin which sprout colorful fibers .  Mitchell , who suffered from polio as a child , has dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as
Wesley Burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley , California , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning .  The 36-year-old was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury .  The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line .  Burton 's wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information about
A Democratic Party source in Iowa said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary Clinton are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week .  A New Hampshire GOP political operative who works for a likely candidate who has n't yet launched a campaign said Clinton 's efforts in the state are ` surprisingly slow , given her primary victory here in
Average household now owns 7.4 internet devices , followed by laptops -LRB- 1.3 -RRB- and tablets -LRB- 1.2 -RRB- .  Four in 10 households now own one tablet , one fifth have two , and 11 per cent own three or more .  YouGov poll of more than 2,000 consumers found digital advertising hit a record # 7.2 billion .
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne .  They filled a doona cover with $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes .  They struggled to fit the large loot into the boot and lost about a third of it .  The men are wanted by Victoria Police for a series of break-ins in the area .  They are also wanted for a burglary at a shopping
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season .  But he scored just 19 against Glamorgan in the LV = County Championship .  Pietersen is keen to play for England again after being sacked in 2014 .  Gary Ballance , Ian Bell and Joe Root scored centuries in Antigua .  Alastair Cook 's poor performances saw him removed as One-Day captain before the World Cup earlier
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table .  But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from .
Employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell .  Miss McVey won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 .  She has called on Ed Miliband to condemn the ` misogynistic and sexist ' attacks against her .  Former GMTV presenter said she would not be cowered by the ` scurrilous ' campaign .  She
Lib Dem leader said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ` chip in a bit '  He said services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant .  He said second home-owners would ` like to chip in the bit extra ' to fund communities .  Mr Clegg said the move could help ` particularly in such a wonderful part of the
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' non-domicile status on Wednesday .  But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years .  Labour aides suggested this would raise as much as # 1billion , but it seems the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital 's property market .  Estate agents say there has been
Anthony Ray Hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham .  He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister , Darlene Gardner .  ` I want you to know there is a God . He sits high but he looks low . He will destroy but yet he will defend and He defends me ,
Nico Rosberg has accused his Mercedes team of putting him ` under pressure '  He missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042 secs in Shanghai .  R German has been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season .  Sebastian Vettel is third on the grid for the Chinese Grand Prix .
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan .  It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google 's Map Maker .  Fan site Cult of Android first spotted the image-at coordinates 33 ° 30 ` 52.5 `` N 73 ° 03 ' 33.2 '' E-and some reports are calling it a Google Easter Egg .  Google
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw has been tasked with finding a new presenter .  She said Clarkson ` will be back ' on the BBC , despite his sacking last month .  Comes as she revealed that Clarkson 's final moments on the motoring show will be aired this summer .  She said : ` It 's serious and unfortunate what happened but there is no ban on Jeremy being on
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday .  Middlesbrough and Norwich failed to win in the Championship .  Fulham beat Boro 4-3 in stoppage time after Rotherham equalised .  Players and staff erupt on the bus after Ross McCormack 's 94th-minute winner .  Watford will return to the Premier League for the first time since the 2006-07 campaign .
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the fiercely contested Conditional Jockeys title race on Monday .  Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De binville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton .  De Boinsville is the only one of the duo riding on Tuesday with two mounts -- Rusty Nail and Taylor -- at Exeter .  Hootenanny won the
Alexander Meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .  The Eintracht Frankfurt forward will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday .  Arjen Robben -LRB- 17 -RRB- and Robert Lewandowski -LRB- 16 -RRB- are the Bundesliga 's top scorers .  Bayern Munich 's Lewan Dowski could win the Golden Boot again .
The university , in Ohio , took action after footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on March 21 .  The married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a ` women 's head and moving it toward your crotch '  A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave .  Jans recently led the team
The 40-year-old 's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate .  Dylan and her husband Paul Arrouet confirmed to People on Wednesday that they ` are celebrating the birth of their twins '
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz in 1979 .  Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades .  The defense says the admissions are made up , the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ .  Etan 's body was never found , nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings .  Hernandez
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ` Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! '  She was called ugly , vile , ` someone who deserves to die ' , and one wit even ` hoped I would catch malaria '  In all , I ` ve probably received more than 600 insults , and two days later they ' re still coming
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board .  Downton was sacked by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing body 's management board .  Downton took the call to sack Kevin Pietersen and re-appointed Peter Moores , calling him ` the outstanding coach of his generation '  Former England captain Michael
Manchester City are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules .  Sergio Aguero , David Silva and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if they fail to qualify for the Champions League .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side lost to rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .
Jordan Morris fired USA ahead early in the second half .  Juan Agudelo added his first international goal in four years .  Jurgen Klinsmann mixed a mix of young players and experienced internationals .  The US beat Mexico 2-0 in four straight home World Cup qualifiers .
Mr Miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month .  The Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent according to Ipsos MORI .  Only a third of the public see the Labour leader as a ` capable leader '  Just a quarter think he would be ` good in a crisis ' , according to the poll .  Poll comes ahead
The stars of Martin Scorsese 's classic 1990 gangster film Goodfellas reunited in New York on Saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie .  Ray Liotta , Robert De Niro , Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance .  Director Pesci , who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his role as Tommy DeVito , did n't show .
Temitope Adebamiro , 35 , was charged with first-degree murder after her husband 's death was ruled a homicde .  Police were called to a home in Bear , Delaware , early on Thursday .  They found Adeyinka , 37 , unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes .
The sperm whale was still on the Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday .  Before the tide came in , beachgoers took photos of where ` East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club ' was on the whale .  The name was erased by Wednesday 's high tide .
Robert Durst , 72 , is the heir to a vast real estate fortune before becoming estranged from his family , was arrested for murder in March .  Authorities found $ 44,000 , marijuana and a revolver at his JW Marriott hotel room in New Orleans .  They also found maps of Florida and Cuba , leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run .
Flamur Ukshini , 23 , has almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page .  The Kosovo university student is in his final year studying business in Pristina .  He has an uncanny resemblance to One Direction singer Zayn Malik .
MANDY FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the High Street .  The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties .  The removable bowl -- which has an inner , freezable gel layer -- has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine .  As it starts to churn , you slowly pour in the mixture
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Saturday .  Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season .  The England striker has also netted on his England debut .  Tim Sherwood has warned his former club to keep pace with Kane .  He said he would n't want to put a price on the 21-year-old .  Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor will keep out
Millions of devout Christians around the world have been commemorating the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus .  The festival has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents .  Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation .  Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines , Belarus and in Venezuela .  In Spain , the
The latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas .  Celebrities with a home cinema include Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch , retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich .  Beckhams could easily fit 20 seats -- enough for their family of six plus friends -- in the room which would adjoin a 500 sq ft playroom .  In ` Beckham Odeon ' , a projector and
Vit Jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the Czech Republic 's Conservative Party of Free Citizens .  He is the self-declared president of ` Liberland ' , which is located on the banks of the Danube River .  The land making up the so-called ` micronation ' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s .  Mr
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round at Augusta National .  The 21-year-old followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par , beating the old mark of 13 under set by Ray Floyd in 1976 .  It also tied the lowest 36-holes total seen in a major , set by three others , including
The former Illinois governor has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician .  Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama 's U.S. . Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 .  The photos show the former governor sitting at a desk , reading a book and wearing
Dr Fredric Brandt , 65 , was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday .  Jeff Richmond , who is an executive producer and the music composer on Tina Fey 's Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , described the death as ` very sad '  A friend said : ` It was making fun of him for the way he looked , it was mean and it was
Troy University students Delonte ` Martistee , 22 , and Ryan Austin Calhoun , 23 , were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators .  Alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details .  Police in Troy , Alabama , found a video of people watching the incident
Carolyn Thorpe , 62 , was killed by a 20-foot tree in Hiers-Brouage , France .  The tree was planted to mark the birth of Napoleon I 's first son .  Town hall of the seaside town has now paid # 86,000 in compensation .
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in Hokato , Japan .  The whales , which are in fact a species of dolphin , were found 60 miles -LRB- 100km -RRB- north of Tokyo .  Officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings .  However , they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake .  Scientists have filmed the behaviour of wild animals prior to
The bodies of a 38-year-old mother and their two sons were found Wednesday .  Tulsa police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself .  The bodies may have been in the house ` as many as two days ' , police said .  Neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe .
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey , Washington was left with a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets .  He also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds after the attack by their dog Smash on April 1 .  The Tobecks had adopted the one-and-a-half-year-old puppy from a friend of their neighbor on March 16 and said
The password , 166816 , is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers .  The unidentified vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990 .  Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices , opening a panel of the device using a paperclip , to exploit it .  This type of attack is uncommon and reportedly easy for malicious staff .  Verifone
Pema Lama , 15 , became ` pancaked ' between two floors when quake struck .  He was carried out on a stretcher and put an IV drip into his arm and brace around his neck .  American disaster response team had been working for several hours to try to free him .  Twisted ropes of steel rebar were holding huge concrete slabs from falling .  The teenager was rescued
Attorney-turned-cook Joan Cheever founded The Chow Train non-profit food truck in 2005 .  On April 7 , San Antonio police officers issued a citation and a $ 2,000 fine for feeding the homeless at Maverick Park on the outskirts of San Antonio .  The restaurant 's mobile kitchen is commercially licensed , but her personal truck is not .  Cheesver and her band of volunteers were serving hot meals out
Bob Heslip , 50 , suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1 , or NF-1 , which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body .  He has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America 's smallest couple .  The noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as
On April 1 , the sandstorm could be seen enveloping much of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .  The following day , it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in Dubai .  By April 4 , it was beginning to stretch across the Arabia Sea towards India and Pakistan .  It caused chaos across the area 's major cities including Riyadh and Dubai , where some locations
Robert Downey Jr accused of making racist remark about Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu .  He was asked what he thought of the Mexican director 's claim that superhero movies were ` cultural genocide '  Hollywood star said : ` I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to put together a phrase like ' Cultural genocide ` just speaks to how bright he is '  Comments sparked a furious
This year 's Proms will include a late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong .  He will pay ` homage to Ibiza and its infectious , energetic brand of club music '  It will take place on July 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of Radio 1 's broadcasts .  It will reinterpret ` club classics ' such as Music Sounds Better With You by Stardust .  Proms director
Robert Penny , 83 , has been charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny nearly 24 years ago .  Margaret Penny was murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland , Victoria on May 3,1991 .  Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes .  He was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal
A set of 500 limited edition copies of Kim Kardashian 's selfie book Selfish sold out less than a minute after going on sale .  The 352-page collection of selfies was signed and numbered by the 34-year-old reality star .  Gilt . com offered fans a special pre-sale of the book on Thursday afternoon .  The book , which retailed for $ 60 per book , also came complete with
Expert , Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos , has found LED screens can harm the retina .  The light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye may even lead to partial blindness .  In extreme cases , it may lead to macular degeneration , which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision .  The average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a
Josh Harrop starred as Manchester United beat West Ham United .  The Red Devils are four points clear at the top of the Under 21 Premier League .  Adnan Januzaj captained the Red Devils .
Steve Clarke insists his Reading side must be ` perfect ' to have any chance of beating Arsenal .  Arsene Wenger 's side are the in-form side in the Premier League going into their FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday .  The Royals have struggled in the Championship this campaign .  The 51-year-old has challenged his players to make history by getting to the FA Cup final for the
Andrei Lunev , a reporter for Russian TV channel Zvezda , stepped on a tripwire .  He was reporting on fighting in Shyrokyne , a village near Mariupol in East Ukraine .  He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital .  He received first aid at the scene by medics and shaken colleagues .  The yearlong conflict has claimed more than 6,000 lives .  Fighting
Samsung 's Galaxy S6 goes on sale on April 10th .  Uses its own Exynos mobile processor and Shannon modem chip .
Rachel Chepulis , 26 , was arrested with Wesley E . Brown III in North Bend , Oregon .  She helped him escape from Lake Region Correctional Center , also known as Devils Lake .  Brown , 35 , was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm .  He is thought to have seduced the single prison guard while behind bars .  The
A recently-published study that found millions of health records in the US were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .  Compromised information included patients ` names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or Social Security numbers .  Most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .  The study did n't examine motives
Chandni Nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school , an inquest heard .  She would stay up late studying , resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school .  Tragically , she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 .  She had even said she would stand in front
Manchester United thrashed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal 's side are now four points clear of their cross-town rivals .  Manchester City have gone from joint top on New Year 's Day to 12 points off leaders .  Marouane Fellaini opened the scoring for United in the first half .  Yaya Toure doubled United 's lead in the second half .  CLICK HERE
Justus Howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in Zion , Illinois .  The high school senior , who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February , was pronounced dead at the scene .  Witnesses said they heard an officer say they had shot the teenager .  It is not known if an officer is suspended over the shooting .
Manchester City beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969 .  Harry Dowd was part of the side that won the FA Cup at Wembley .  He played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road .  Dowd continued playing at Stoke City before moving to Oldham .
Andre Iniesta is renting out his vineyard on Airbnb .  The World Cup winner posted on Twitter to advise that the property can be rented out .  Guests can explore the property and learn the secrets of wine-making .  The vineyard stay comes with a guided tour of the area .
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open .  The British No 1 beat the Czech world No 1 in the Australian Open in January .  Murray 's former trainer Jez Green and coach Danny Vallverdu left Murray to join the Czech .
British No 2 Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2 , 6-3 in just 70 minutes .  Bedene represents Great Britain after switching allegiance from Slovenia in March .  The 25-year-old will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals .  Bedene will face world number 313 Lamine Ouahab in the last eight .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Hoda Muthana , 20 , told BuzzFeed she conspired with other jihadists to hatch a plan to flee her parents in Alabama .  After a year of planning , she fled to Syria and married an Australian jihadist , Suhan Abdul Rahman , who was reportedly killed in an airstrike by the Jordanian military last month .  She dropped extra courses at the University of Alabama and spent the refund
Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton involved in brawl in seventh inning of Thursday 's game at Chicago 's U.S. . Cellular Field , Illinois .  Several punches were thrown and Ventura , Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez , was sent off .  Meanwhile , players from both dugouts and bullpens flooded the field .  Several players had to be kept apart by teammates and umpires
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River , Oregon have been awarded $ 240,000 compensation for their neighbors ` giant Tibetan mastiffs .  John Updegraff and Karen Szewc started breeding dogs in 2002 .  The dogs would bark until 5am and throughout the day outside the Kreins ` property .  A jury at Jackson County Circuit Court ruled that the dogs were not suited to protecting livestock .
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards .  The Tottenham striker has broken through into Roy Hodgson 's England side .  Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals so far this season .  The video , produced by Copa90 , features some of Kane 's best goals .  It features his long-range strike against Chelsea , a headed goal against Arsenal
Four in ten Britons have an average of # 77 of unwanted good .  43 per cent said they could not be bothered and 39 per cent did not think the value warranted the effort .  A fifth are too busy , believing that it takes half an hour to return something .  Confusing processes also identified as a major deterrent to sending an item back .  More than a
Cylvia Hayes , Kitzhaber 's longtime companion , played a very active role in his administration , as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor 's staff .  Hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees .  The emails show that Hayes was involved in policy meetings , and her input was sometimes
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married .  Davis says doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they were in her position .  But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care .  Weeks went by and
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday .  It was the first time the two sides have met in a Premier League game .  The FA and the Premier League blame each other for scheduling the game .  Sky vs Manchester United vs Chelsea was a peak audience of 6.9 million .  But both viewing figures would have been higher if they had n't coincided .
Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines .  The pro-golfer was en route to the Master 's golf tournament in Georgia .  Henley 's clubs were ` lost ' and he thanked the airline .  Kim Kardashian , Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams were among the passengers .  Naomi Campbell flew into a rage when her suitcases were not loaded onto her plane .  She demanded the captain find
Thief entered Lloyds bank in New Milton , Hampshire before threatening cashier staff .  The man , whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages , then fled .  Police say a 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d ` Or in January .  The pair met at the Bernabeu in the Champions League quarter-final on Sunday .  Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the first leg on Wednesday night .  The first leg finished 0-0 after a high-scoring draw in the Calderon .  Anceloti has been beaten twice by his team in the league this season .
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co . pipe carrying natural gas happened at the gun range in Fresno , California , on Friday .  It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff 's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt .  Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby .  The former England boss insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor .  Some Gunners fans have called for Arsene Wenger to be sacked .
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 asylum seekers to their home country .  It is understood that the detainees were intercepted earlier in April .  They are being returned through the port of Vung Tau , south of Ho Chi Minh City .  The operation could cost $ 2.8 million of tax payers money .  The $ 100 million vessel has an average
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's groin problems .  The 21-year-old has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months .  Arsene Wenger has revealed he has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the FA Cup win over Manchester United on March 9 .  Chamberlain should play again this season , but
Darren Jones , who is standing for Bristol North West , collapsed on Made in Bristol .  The 28-year-old started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience .  He was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs .  Audience members rushed to help him just seconds before they were due to go on air .  An ambulance was called while
Anzac Day is the exception when it comes to public holidays .  If Easter , Christmas , Australia Day , the Queen 's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend , a holiday is granted on a weekday .  Western Australia and some public servants in Canberra have decided to go it alone and will get Monday off .  Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock .  As they beep their horns the animal , named Big Boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road .
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right .  He failed his first hearing test just 12 hours after being born in Coon Rapids , Minnesota .  On March 5 , he was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear the voice of his mother , Ahavah Cook , for the first time .  Couple ,
Ella Henderson has been announced as face of dry shampoo brand Batiste .  The 19-year-old has been unveiled as the face of the brand .  The X Factor finalist and pop star has joined forces with the UK 's number 1 brand .  The campaign will mark the star 's first brand collaboration .
People with sleep apnoea-a condition often typified by heavy snoring-saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier , on average , than those who had no sleep problems .  Scientists at New York University studied the medical histories of 2,470 people , aged 55 to 90 .  They found people with sleep breathing problems were diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment at an average age of 77 .  Those with
Asif Malik , 31 , his partner Sara Kiran , 29 , and their four children have been arrested in Ankara .  The family of six have been missing from their home in Slough , Berkshire , since April 7 .  They were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover on April 8 .  Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais , France , before travelling to
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter , Mila , who turns two later this month .  Jenna revealed that she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy , revealing that her second daughter is due in August .  The Today show correspondent also revealed that her husband has , on occasion , forgotten that she 's carrying a child .  Jenna and Henry , who
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over .  Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons .  Khan is a billionaire who also owns NFL franchise Jacksonville Jaguars .
Summer Robertson died after being overpowered by fierce currents in South Africa .  The 21-year-old had been volunteering to help youngsters in one of South Africa 's poorest townships .  She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure with the Latitude youth volunteering group at a remote camping resort .  Miss Robertson 's parents Sarah and John described her as a
Lillian Roldan , 39 , says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003 .  She says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner .  In new book The Lost Girls by John Glatt , Castro was ` completely normal ' and ` considerate '
Catherine Lynn Smith , 50 , was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her home in Macon , Georgia .  Smith 's home was recently auctioned off to a new owner and police had to air out the home due to the stench of ammonia .  Officials with Macon-Bibb Animal Welfare estimate that the animals had been dead for months .
Scientists detected the organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming .  Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be ` brimming ' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide .  The region can be compared with our solar system 's Kuiper Belt , a realm of icy mini-worlds and
Prime Minister 's wife was campaigning with Tory candidate Alec Shelbrooke in Elmet and Rothwell .  Visited The Growing Zone , an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax , West Yorkshire .  She was persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand , which is being reconditioned and brought back into use by the volunteers and children .  Mrs Cameron made her first appearance
Nancy Perry wo n't teach students at Dublin Middle School in Georgia after she gave students her highly critical personal opinion of President Barack Obama .  Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be Christian , either .  A 12-year-old boy in Perry 's class brought the matter to the attention of his father , Jimmie
Whitney Fetters , 28 , has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana .  She met the boy at a middle school in Putnam City , Oklahoma , when he was 12 and the two exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images , as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and Snapchat .
Peter Kelly , 34 , was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest .  Levi Acre-Kendall , 19 , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide .  He left behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine .  The suspect 's mother , Lavonne Acre , said of her son : ` Levi 's a good kid . He
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday .  Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to earn a point for the relegation-threatened visitors .  Matt Phillips had earlier given QPR the lead in the first half .  Charlie Austin looked like he might have scored a late winner .  Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iPhone away from the game .  He tweeted : ` I
Department store Myer will be holding a designer sale from Wednesday 22nd April .  The department store stocks top end Australian labels including Alex Perry , Toni Maticevski , Lisa Ho , Balmain , DKNY and Alexander McQueen .  The move comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing .
Colin Mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at a McDonald 's drive-through near Darwin .  The man 's 22-year-old girlfriend , Rachael Sheppard , said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin .  Despite telling
Sam Holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich , Illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday .  This as he selected Duke to win Monday 's NCAA title game , which they did by overcoming the favorite Wisconsin Badgers 68-63 .  For that prize , valued at $ 30,000 , Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest
Sir Alex Ferguson was appointed Manchester United manager in November 1986 .  The Scot won 38 trophies during his 26-and-a-half-year reign .  Ferguson announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71 .  The 73-year-old revealed he had to change his sleeping patterns .
Laura Robson 's last appearance was in the 2014 Australian Open first round .  The 21-year-old has not played since suffering from a left wrist problem .  Robson is now said to be nearing a return to the tennis court .  The British No 1 is targeting the French Open in May .
Marion ` Suge ' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges .  The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January , killing one and seriously injuring the other .  The judge also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million .  Cle
Morrisons won the Menu Innovation and Development Awards -LRB- MIDAS -RRB- .  Beat Wetherspoons and Bella Italia in the breakfast category for # 4.50 .  Mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at restaurants , pubs and hotels across UK .  They then scored each menu in value for money , food quality and customer satisfaction .  Morrisons ` Big Breakfast is # 4.50 and includes croissants and bacon rolls .  It is
Alastair Cook feared Jonathan Trott 's international career was over 18 months ago , but feels he is now ready to face the ` pressure cooker ' once again .  The England Test captain believes the batsman is ready to play for England .  The 33-year-old left the 2013 / 14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba .  He has struggled with what was initially labelled a
Trevor Noah has separated from South African girlfriend Dani Gabriel .  The pair started dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years .  Noah 's Lost in Translation comedy tour took him back to Cape Town from February 24 until March 1 .  It 's likely the pair had a heart-to-heart during this time .  Gabriel , 28 , runs her own physiotherapist practice
The 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd .  A jury panel in Fall River , Massachusetts , spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez 's fate before returning a guilty verdict .  Daniel Abreu , 29 , and Safirdo Furtado , 28 , immigrants from Cape Verde
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- .  In laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .  The discovery could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the devastating auto-immune disease ,
Victoria Prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled David Cameron during debate .  She said she wanted people to question ` the 1 % at the top ' who were not working in UK 's interests .  Debate moderator Julie Etchingham tried to stop Ms Prosser and said : ` Not from the audience '  But she continued : ` I ' m sorry , but I have to
Girls at the 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School will undergo self-defence training .  The girls are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan .  The school has purchased 250 of the knives , which have a plastic retractable blade .  School official Huang Anruo said : ` The daggers are fake . The school purchased them in bulk and they pose no danger to students '
Deadly diet pills thought to have killed six young people in Britain are being sold online .  Unscrupulous dealers in the UK and abroad are selling the potentially fatal drug .  Some promise next-day delivery , while others offer free samples .  Eloise Aimee Parry , 21 , died this month after buying it online to slim down .  She ` burned up from within ' , her mother said
The suspects , all of Somali descent , were detained in St Paul , Minnesota .  They are among six men charged with conspiracy to support a foreign terrorist organization .  Authorities allege some of the men made repeated attempts to travel to Syria .  They had developed a plot to get fake passports and travel overseas through Mexico .  FBI affidavit says man who once planned to go to
Filomena D ` Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the body of a baby girl who was buried on Maroubra Beach on November 30,2014 .  The infant 's body was discovered by two boys aged six and seven .  She was buried under 30 centimetres of sand after a Nippers session .  Police were unable to locate the family of the ` very small ' infant .  Locals have raised
Robert Downey Jr has helped raise more than # 1million for children 's hospice Julia 's House .  Ironman actor promised to fly winner and friend to Los Angeles to join him .  His offer was up for grabs via $ 10 -LRB- # 6.80 -RRB- raffle tickets and raised money .  Dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new Hospice in Wiltshire .
John Marshall , son of director Noel Marshall , is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents , Roar .  They worked , and lived , with lions for the 11 years they made the film .  Roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production of the film Roar .  Roar is billed as the
Brae Carnes of Victoria , British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill .  Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and changing in men 's public bathrooms .  This is to protest a proposed amendment to the bill that would allow owners to decide whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender .
Sir Frank Kitson , who is 88 , is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan .  Mr Heenan , 47 , was killed when paramilitaries threw a grenade at a minibus carrying him and 14 others to a Belfast building site .  His widow , Mary , is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general , claiming he died because of ` negligence and misfeasance '  Sir
Many smartphones on sale today come with built-in FM chips .  However , nearly two thirds of these devices do n't have the feature activated .  Broadcasters , including the BBC , are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature .  The National Association of Broadcasters -LRB- NAB -RRB- in the US also warns that FM
Luis Figo does not believe that Sepp Blatter will receive all 54 votes from African nations .  Blatter seeks re-election on May 29 against Figo , Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan and the Dutch football association president Michael van Praag .  African football 's president Issa Hayatou has declared Africa 's complete support for Blatter 's election .
Indian Creek Island Road , the most exclusive area in Miami , boasts a median house price of $ 21.48 million .  It has topped the list of America 's richest streets , compiled by Zillow .  The 86 residents include activist investor Carl Icahn ; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert ; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson .  The island has its own police
Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily , 14 , have been found safe and well .  The pair were visiting Manhattan when they went missing last month .  Iona 's husband died in 2012 of a heart attack while working on a Southampton barge .  The mother 's stepson has a long criminal record and is in jail in Florida .  He has been described by relatives as
Carwyn Scott-Howell , from Talybont-on-Usk , Wales , was skiing with his family when he died .  He was separated from his mother Ceri , nine , and brother Gerwyn , 19 .  The seven-year-old fell over a 164ft drop in the French Alps .  Search teams said they followed the boy 's footprints and found his final steps broken up by ` sliding marks '  ` Seven years is
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer .  The Togolese striker will still have a season left on his contract .  Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but just want rid of his massive wages .  The club 's chairman Daniel Levy will subsidise his wages to ensure he leaves .  The club are determined to offload the striker ,
Steve Spowart helped the horses ` owner , Sonia Sharrock , to lead the animals to safety near Dungog , in the NSW Hunter Valley region .  Three people died in the severe weather , four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years .  The NSW Premier called on flood victims to ` hang tough ' as the storm slowly moved
The 25-year-old man was born at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989 .  He was readmitted three months later , suffering a serious brain haemorrhage .  Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer vitamin K injection shortly after birth .  He now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life .  Vitamin K is given to newborn babies to reduce risk of blood
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie caught with drugs under floorboards during police raid .  Officers found ` drugs paraphernalia ' with help of sniffer dog at council flat in September 2013 .  Drugs cache included 14.1 g -LRB- 0.50 oz -RRB- of cocaine of up to 40 % purity .  Also found 841mg of heroin of 60 % purity , Isleworth Crown Court heard .  29-year-old today admitted two counts of possessing
Robert Bates , 73 , has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris , 44 , during a botched sting on April 2 .  A memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about him when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff 's Office .  Documents suggest the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates .  He
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin Airport .  The 43-year-old arrived at Darwin airport early on Sunday morning after flying from the Middle East via Sweden and Singapore .  In January the senior NT Labor figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants-an action which is penalised with life in prison in Australia .  He left behind his wife Andrea and three
Dashcam footage from a Florida cop car taken in September of 2013 shows Dontrell Stephens being followed by Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office Deputy Adam Lin .  The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting .  The only item Stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone .  The shooting was ruled to be justified and Lin returned to work four days
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia , a traditional Chinese herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis .  Professor George Lewith , from Southampton University , does n't use the product himself , but says that before hip replacements he used another herb , Devil 's Claw , as a remedy for joint pain .  Dr Mike Dixon , a GP in Cullompton , Devon
The clip , posted on Instagram and quickly deleted , show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands .  After the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds .  While the video was quickly removed from Instasta , Rihih later shared a similar video on her own page
A New York City bus driver is facing possible termination after a video emerged .  An unidentified woman recorded him marking a set of papers with a highlighter .  She was ` shocked ' that the driver 's behavior continued the entire time .  The driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper , believed to be a timetable .  He was seen driving the bus with
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged at 10.30 pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka .  He headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army .  He was behind the killing of 120 unarmed farmers in the 1971 independence war .  The move has been slammed by the man 's supporters , who have called for a nationwide general strike .  UN High Commissioner for Human Rights urged officials
Kevin Franklin , of Dunstable , Bedfordshire , says he will switch his lights on every evening in April for Autism Awareness Month .  The 53-year-old father put the lights up on his council house last November in preparation for Christmas .  But he did n't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again in April .  The continued presence of the lights in recent
Sir Ian Botham bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his Test wickets record .  Anderson is still one shy of Botham 's record of 383 dismissals .  Moeen Ali has been called up for the next Test in Grenada .  The question is , where will he fit into the first XI with off-spinner James Tredwell bowling so well ?  Ben Stokes was frustrated twice when he thought he dismissed Jermaine
Ivan Novoseltsev popped the question after FC Rostov 's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow .  The 23-year-old got down on one knee to ask Katerina Keyru to marry him .  His team-mates watched on and a camera in place to capture the moment on film .
Tiger Woods was playing out of the Augusta pines at the start of the week .  He claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm , right there , but he reset it .  There was a degree of scepticism about the extent of that injury , but either way it continued to bother him for several holes and was rotten luck .  Woods did n't come back
Almost all family doctors said they do n't think their own practice should open on weekends .  Nearly two-thirds are not even willing to form groups with other surgeries .  Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments .  Survey of 15,560 GPs by their union , the British Medical Association , found 63 per cent were opposed to forming networks to open seven days a week .
The Keshwa Chaca spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri , Peru , in the Province of Canas .  It is the last Inca rope bridge , built in the early 17th century .  Local villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors .  Each household in the four nearby villages is responsible for bringing 90 feet of braided grass rope .  After the bridge
Gertrude Weaver , 116 , of Camden , Arkansas , became the world 's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa who died at the age of 117 on Wednesday .  Weaver , born on July 4,1898 , exercises in her wheelchair three times a week and eats three meals a day at the facility 's dining room .  The daughter of sharecroppers was born in
Charlie Bothuell , now 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's Detroit townhouse last June following an 11-day search .  He was beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children .  On Tuesday , he testified against his father and stepmother in court .  He said his home was a ` very terrible ' place where
The Suffolk Cross was born on Tuesday at the farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire .  The animal , named Hagrid after the fictional giant in Harry Potter , is thought to be the biggest ever born in the UK at 25lbs .  The lamb was born naturally on Tuesday and his mother is making a good recovery .  The previous record for the largest lamb in the country
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Aston Villa and Liverpool meet at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final .  Oriol Romeu , on loan at Stuttgart , predicts the scores for the weekend .  Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart .
Kevin de Bruyne has scored nine goals this season for Wolfsburg .  Franck Ribery says he is the wrong type of player to come in under Pep Guardiola .
Mark O ` Meara carded a 68 on day two to make the cut at the Masters .  The 58-year-old American is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 .  He is behind Tom Watson -LRB- 65 -RRB- and Ben Crenshaw -LRB- 63 -RRB- .
Fast car sequel Furious 7 took an estimated $ 29.1 million over the weekend .  It is now one of the ten highest-grossing movies of all-time worldwide .  The blockbuster is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks .  The film has already earned $ 1 billion , making it the seventh most-grossing film of all time .  The film is
Blackpool fans have protested against the Oyston family , who own the club .  Frank Knight was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online .  A fellow Blackpool fan has started a fundraising page on the website ` go fund me '  Countdown 's Rachel Riley and comic Russell Brand have tweeted links to the page .  The Seasiders are currently bottom of the Championship table .  Lee
Rachel Sandridge , 29 , from Maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs .  She had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy .  But it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample .  Sandridge
Pippa Middleton , 31 , looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer .  The brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote , # 159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses .  Last week , Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at the Spectator 's annual party at Belgraves Hotel in London , on Tuesday
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth .  They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles -LRB- 300km -RRB- up into space .  It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth 's atmosphere .  There are two types of aurora on Earth-the Aurora Borealis in the Northern Hemisphere , known as the Northern Lights , and the Aurora Australis in the Southern
Jimmy White 's bid to qualify for the World Snooker Championship ended on Monday .  The 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt in qualifying .  Selt fought back from 7-2 down to beat White in Sheffield .  Six-time world champions Steve Davis was also knocked out by Kurt Maflin .
Danny Ings is set to leave Liverpool when his contract expires .  Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert appear set to depart Liverpool at the end of the season .  James Milner is also a target for Arsenal and Everton , as well as Serie A sides Roma and Inter Milan .  Chelsea 's Petr Cech is likely to leave Stamford Bridge .  Liverpool face competition from Arsenal and Real Sociedad
The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo .  He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch , recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook .  It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures , but it additionally tracks the pressure of a person 's click and responds accordingly .  Apple also rolled out Wi-Fi Calling on more networks .  People on Sprint in the US
Ed Miliband accused of stooping to a ` shameful ' new low by blaming David Cameron .  Labour leader used keynote campaign speech to suggest deaths could have been avoided .  Claimed crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of Mr Cameron 's foreign policy .  Tories demanded that Mr Milband apologise for ` outrageous and disgraceful ' remarks .  Comes after Mr Cameron held emergency talks with
A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image .  As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas , the grateful golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the Murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition .  In the thank you note , he wrote that he earned
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in New York on April 25 .
Blur frontman Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are in a ` selfie generation '  He said today 's stars are ` talking platitudes ' and singing only about themselves .  The 47-year-old was once the driving force behind Britpop in the 1990s .  He became known for his public spat with Oasis ` Gallagher brothers .  Now he said they could be using their music to make political statements
The five women were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro , about 30 miles from the crash site .  The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV , then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames , said Sgt . 1st Class Chris Nease of the Georgia State Patrol .  The big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker .  The
Shannon Dooley , 30 , has founded ` Retrosweat ' - an Eighties-inspired aerobics class .  The class is a 50-minute workout that has 12 dance tracks .  Dooley says it 's a fusion of jogging , jumping , athletic movement and dance .  It 's all about ` making fitness fabulous ' with skimpy Eighties leotards .  There 's also a leg track with squats and lunges and an
Researchers from the University of Groningen , the Netherlands , found that people can talk about tricky subjects far easier over a meal .  They found people feel friendlier , listened more , gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises .  It is possible that shared meals enhance our desire to be accepted and to please others .
Madelyn Yensen , 94 , of Salt Lake City , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm .  Just after her mother died , Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news .  Shortly after her visit , Bradford 's father died of heart failure .  The two married on October 17,1940 , only a month
Motorist attempted dangerous manoeuvre on A39 between Street and Glastonbury .  Driver gambled on passing lorry driver , Nick Townley , at set of lights .  But he badly miscalculated as road narrowed and lost control at 50mph .  He swerved in front of truck and his caravan whiplashed into lamppost .  Car ended on opposite side of road-forcing oncoming traffic to slam on brakes .  Dramatic moment was captured
Lord Attenborough was present -- behind or in front of the camera -- at some of the most magical moments in cinema history .  He made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film In Which We Serve , and was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin John Hammond in Jurassic Park .  The lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs , iconic
Kevin Bowes , 53 , lost several teeth and had nine ` avoidable ' procedures .  The 53-year-old 's family had been patients of Dr Nicholas Crees for more than 10 years .  In January 2013 , a friend suggested his wife visited a different dentist for a second opinion .  When Mr Bowes went to see the new dentist , he was given a devastating diagnosis .  Dentist said
Two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday .  The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson , a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black , will now be African-American .  The election came just over a month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse among city officials , employees and police
Alison Saunders , Director of Public Prosecutions , said she was ` not afraid ' of legal challenge .  She is convinced Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia .  But she refused to quit because ` making the right decision is not a resigning issue '  Three investigations into claims made by 25 alleged victims over 25 years were botched .  But she decided it
The town of Buzim is home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 .  Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomenon when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war .  He found that at least 21 sets were born during the civil war .  But he believes the figure is far higher as many residents left to escape the fighting and to
Fabio Borini came on as a second-half substitute in Liverpool 's 2-0 win against Newcastle .  The Italian striker took to social media to share pictures of his day out .  Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for Liverpool this season .
Aaron Hernandez , 25 , was a rising star in the NFL and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $ 40million .  But even before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013 , Hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be .  He was accused of shooting a total of six men-killing three and severely wounding three other .  After his
Robert Cusanelli of Boston 's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the ` purpose of reporting this case '  Two jurors informed the court Thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a Ford Explorer .  One took a picture of the van 's license plate .  The van was allegedly behind the jury bus
German rapper Denis Cuspert has released a propaganda video .  The 39-year-old calls on jihadist sleeper cells in Europe to carry out terrorist attacks .  He sings ` In France deeds were done , in Germany the sleepers are waiting . We want your blood '  This follows reports that British police have raised security ahead of Anzac Day .  It is believed 1,600 Brits have travelled to Iraq and
New York City FC drew 1-1 with Philadelphia Union on Thursday night .  David Villa came off at half time with a hamstring injury .  Mehdi Ballouchy and CJ Sapong scored in the second half .  Vincent Nogueira slotted home from close range to level the game .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Hugo Mbaeri , 25 , from Portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names , account details and signatures to gang of fraudsters while working at Nationwide Building Society .  Alleged ringleader of the scheme , Olawabiyi Ayanwale , set up standing orders by impersonating the victims , it is said .  He is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey .
Dozens of staff at Manchester United 's megastore are sweating over their futures .  Nike , who employ Fred and a number of other workers at the Old Trafford shop , will see their agreement with the club expire on July 31 .  Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed , blaming the US sportswear giants for the issue .  United are
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash .  Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute .  Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini .  Cesc Fabregas had a quiet afternoon for Jose Mourinho 's side .  Falcao made it 2-1 in the second half with a brilliant finish .  David De Gea added a second goal in the third
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Carl Bradey suffered horrific burns to his whole body after he rescued a three-year-old girl from a house fire last month .  Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze , which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property .  He smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend .  Bradey has undergone four major operations ,
Memphis Depay scored 20 goals as PSV Eindhoven won the Eredivisie title .  The 21-year-old is the top goalscorer in the league , without even being PSV 's main forward .  He was understood to have held a meeting in Manchester as he nears his # 25m move to Old Trafford .  The Dutchman has ` dream chaser ' tattooed across his chest , and ` successful ' inked on
Kenneth Crowder , 41 , was arrested in Melbourne , Florida , on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God .  He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree .  A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice , but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer .  Crowder was arrested
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. . McGarr in 1980 .  He spent 36 years in jail before being finally released last November .  He was the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history .  Hanline said he was hoping to return to a normal life with his wife Sandy .  He said : ` All I want to
Louis van Gaal was pictured with Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen at Wing 's restaurant on Sunday night .  Manchester City women 's players were joined by Everton 's Michelle Hinnigan at the go-to restaurant .  Van Gaal and his wife Truss were in high spirits after United 's 4-2 win against their great rivals City at Old Trafford .  United moved four points clear of their noisy neighbours in
Theodosia Aresti , 71 , moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago .  Pensioner 's nightmare began when she noticed foul smell coming from bathroom .  Discovered brown substance bubbling up through plughole in her bath .  ` Within half an hour , the bath -RSB- was over half full , ' she said .  Plumber spent four hours trying to stem the tide of sewage .
Solar Probe Plus will carry four instruments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the star 's surface .  During the closest passes around the sun , temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit .  The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31,2018 .  Over 24 orbits , the mission will use seven flybys of Venus
Sally White , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water .  His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days .  But Sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed-and the pair have become inseparable .  When Sally married surveyor Mark
Senators later voted 19-0 to give the White House some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran .  It now goes to the full Senate , where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers .  While the legislative branch was in recess
Kit Dale , a two-time World Pro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion from Melbourne , Australia , shared the image to his Facebook page on Sunday .
Jaclyn Pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months .  Her partner , Kelly Bardier , 33 , was recently employed as a part-time teacher .  The two have been together since October last year .  The director of the daycare center , Barbara Twachtman , heard rumors about the two and fired them because of
Kim Richards , 50 , was arrested early Thursday morning at The Beverly Hills Hotel .  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star was hanging out at The Polo Lounge at around 1 : 30 am when she was refused service by a bartender .  She allegedly cursed at officers and ` passively resisted arrest '  The reality star had to be dragged out of the restrooms and taken to
A new report reveals that the U.S. . began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the Drug Enforcement Agency in 1992 .  The program was to infiltrate drug trafficking rings , especially those that were previously unknown to members of the DEA and federal government .  The program only recently shuttered , and was used for nearly two decades , with top Justice Department officials in four
U.S. . President Barack Obama says diplomacy is the best option to deal with Iran 's nuclear program .  Obama said he is convinced talks are the best way forward .  He said he expects a ` robust debate ' on the deal in the U.S. .  The outline was a major breakthrough in a 12-year international crisis .  Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark
Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of events on the Web . com Tour but decided to enter qualifying for the Houston event .  The 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place at the Shell Houston Open on Sunday .  Day is three shots behind the leaders and remains in with a chance of making the Masters after the event in South Carolina .  Jordan Spieth leads
Britain 's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .  The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister 's # 142,500 pay packet .  A further 11tists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 .  A total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .  The figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers ` money paid for NHS work .  They
Churchgoers flocked to St Patrick 's Cathedral in New York City for the annual Easter parade on Sunday afternoon .  Some wore elaborate bonnets with blue sails , while another had a diorama based on Mayor Bill de Blasio 's policies .  As well as Christians emerging from the service , Jews , Hindus , agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk on the mild , sunny day
Seven-year-old Shanay Walker was found cold and rigid in her bed last July .  Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court .  Prosecution claim Shanay was subjected to ` repeated acts of cruelty '  It included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush .  Court heard Shanay had 50 separate bruises across her body at
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer , the Food Safety and Inspection Service said .  The type of baby food being recalled is ` Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken , ' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars .  Stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled .
Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out Rondo passing drills in training .  Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on and ended up falling over as the ball approached him at pace .  The former Liverpool midfielder fell over and the ball flew off in the opposite direction .  Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt at the Signal Iduna Park
Officials found 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven turtles , six lemurs , two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub .  The menagerie came to light when customs officials electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from Indonesia via Qatar .  Experts are trying to identify the ` amazingly beautiful `` kitten '' with bright green eyes and stripes ' among the
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash .  Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with Marouane Fellaini 's threat .  Jose Mourinho said he had asked the 20-year-old to turn the game into a ` 10 against 10 ' clash .  The Blues boss also said that he had to keep an eye on the Belgium international .  Fellaina has been in
Mehmet Selim Kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after being taken hostage by left-wing extremists .  Court imposed blocks on social media sites after photos of siege were shared .  Photos of prosecutor being held at gunpoint by far-left group were shared .  Twitter , Facebook and YouTube re-established after requests to remove images were ignored .  Turkey has since threatened to block access to Google unless images are
Sergio Canavero plans to perform the first human head transplant in less than an hour .  Says the country which hosts the operation will be a ` world leader ' like the US when it put a man on the Moon .  Says he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union .  But critics say he
The Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio de Janeiro will hold the Brazil 2016 Olympics rowing and canoe competitions .  The lake is littered with dead fish called twaite shad .  Officials say the recent problems are the result of recent rains and high sea levels , which caused the lake 's temperature to plummet .  Previous fish die-offs in the lake have been blamed on pollution-related drops in oxygen
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night 's Texas Rangers game .  On Tuesday , Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends .  The video seemed to enrage a number of followers who voiced their unhappiness that the undergrad at Texas Christian
Trussell Trust asks for ` donation ' from churches and community groups .  Money is needed to pay for staff , branding materials and PR advice .  Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food .
Miley Cyrus , 22 , posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland , Ohio .  It appears that the singer had given her razor a night off and had given it to her .  Miley is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices .  One fan tweeted : ` Stop telling @ MileyCyrus
Ali Maffucci , 28 , quit her corporate job to become a full time blogger .  In June of 2013 , she became a blogger and started using spiralized vegetables .  For every meal , she substituted spirazlied vegetables for bread , pasta , rice and potatoes .  Now , she weighs 10 stone , is a size 8 / 10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight
Bookmakers Coral have placed a flurry of bets on Great British Bake Off host .  Perkins is ahead of former X-factor presenter Dermot O ` Leary and British model Jodie Kidd .  Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he verbally abused one of the show 's producers .  He will be back on the BBC later this month to host Have I Got News For You .  The show
Three men burst into an Esso petrol station in Caterham , Surrey , last Wednesday .  They forced their way into the manager 's office looking for cash .  They were disturbed by a member of the garage staff and fled with a mobile phone .  Police have released CCTV images of the two men who stripped off their tops .  The men , who were both in their 20s
Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich .
The 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of Kuta .  He collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel .  He was unable to be revived , but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack .  An autopsy has still to be carried out to
The teenager from the Henan province in central China appears to have had surgery on her jaw , chin and eyes .  She has been labelled ` too beautiful too look at ' on Chinese social media .  She has gained 400,000 followers on her Weibo account-a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook .  In some photos she has bluey green eyes and in other images her eyes are dark brown
Commuters are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media as gale force winds batter the east coast .  Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag # umbrellageddon .  ` The umbrella graveyard . # sydney # takemehome , ' Brendan Duong posted on Instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet , the UK 's largest internet community for parents .  It found that 37 per cent of parents had not taught their children how to dial 999 , with 53 per cent claiming they had never even considered teaching them .  And nearly half-46 per cent insisted that their children were not mature enough to learn the life-saving skill .  And
Juan Mata revealed Wayne Rooney regularly tells him England can win Euro 2016 .  Mata has not played for Spain since the World Cup in Brazil .  Mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the Spain squad .
Gigi Hadid , 19 , and seven other up-and-coming models posed for a fashion and beauty spread for Harper 's Bazaar .  The spread is titled Beauty Queens : Where Beauty Meets Fashion This Season .  Carine Roitfeld , the magazine 's global fashion director , personally chose the model , along with Jing Wen , Laura James , Anna Cleveland , Ondria Hardin , Antonia Wilson , Kitty Hayes
Nyia Parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County , Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault , simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person .  The quadriplegic man , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found with nothing but a blanket and a Bible 10 feet from his wheelchair in a secluded woodland outside Philadelphia .  He was
City officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland .  The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse , and no injuries were reported .  Cleveland fire spokesman Larry Gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a ` freak accident '
Executive editor for comedy Chris Sussman revealed jokes have to go through ` quite a lot of layers ' to be approved .  Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall .  The strict rules come after a ` difficult few years ' following the Sachsgate scandal .  Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross left lewd messages on Andrew Sachs ` voicemail .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Richard Kerr , 53 , said he was one of three youngsters who were taken to London .  They were allegedly molested at Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House in London .  Victim said he suffered abuse at Kincora children 's home in Belfast .  He said he and two other boys were then trafficked to London in 1977 .  Alleged victims include Cabinet ministers , clergymen , pop stars
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday .  The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport .  Mike Summerbee sent six coaches on their way from the Etihad Stadium at 1.30 pm .  City have now apologised to fans and promised to hand out ticket refunds .  The move is likely to cost the
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make emergency appointment on Friday .  Was told only available appointment was in just 20 minutes-meaning she had no time to find babysitter .  Instead , she was assured that she could bring nine-month-old son , Attley .  The pair turned up shortly after-but midway through the appointment Attley started to create a fuss .  Hygienists apparently did not mind Tayler nursing her son
A total lunar eclipse will occur on October 8,2014 in Australia .  The next two eclipses are forecast to happen on April 4 and September 28,2015 .  This month 's event is now booked out at the Sydney Observatory .  More tickets may be released on Saturday morning if weather conditions improve .  The lunar eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final
A man who died in Texas of the human version of mad cow disease last year likely contracted it from eating beef raised in Britain , a CDC report has revealed .  The unnamed man died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob -LRB- vCJD -RRB- disease in May 2014 , just 18 months after he first showed symptoms .  He was a naturalized U.S. . citizen originally from the Middle East .  The
Marie D ` Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9 .  The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a ` loss of libido ' , ` sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ` curtailment of sexual adventurism '
Rangers bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South .  Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece at Ibrox .  The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points .
Libby Jane Wilson was playing in a tunnel at Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley , Lancashire .  She was playing with her father Alex Knight when the dog attacked her .  The two-year-old was left with two puncture marks on her face , one above her lip and one under her eye , left open to heal .  The dog 's owner did n't even come over to check
Jeremy Clarkson and his former Top Gear colleagues fled Argentina last year .  The BBC claimed the number plate , which read H982 FKL , was an ` unhappy coincidence '  But Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately ` provoking people '  She slammed their actions as ` arrogant and disrespectful ' in a report released earlier this week .  She said they had not acted in ` bad
Dr Oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia 's College of Physicians and Surgeons .  The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 .  The doctors accused Dr Oz of pushing ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work .  The doctors wrote that Oz , for years a world-class Columbia cardiothoracic surgeon , has ` misled
Sunday 's London Marathon will be Paula Radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career .  The world record holder says she is likely to cry when she runs the race .  She joked that she has never been far from tears in her career , as she was at the 2004 Athens Olympics .  Radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot , which made it difficult
Timothy Rogalski , 30 , allegedly called the school on Tuesday morning .  He left four messages on the school 's office answerphone .  The fifth time he called , he spoke to an administrative assistant .  In the calls , he accused staff of being behind the shooting .  He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake , police said .  He has been charged
East Coast Lows are particularly common in June and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter .  They are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings , fell trees and powerlines .  They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain , causing flash flooding and riverine flooding .  An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney , the Central
Security researchers suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking .  This includes Uber , Microsoft 's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster .  The flaw was active between 24 January until it was flagged up on 25 March .  Within the 20,000 potentially vulnerable apps , 55 % were running version 2.5 . 0 older .  Some 40 % were not using the
Sam Allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season but he feels his work at Upton Park is far from done .  West Ham 's starting XI on Saturday included six summer signings with Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song the only ones to have played in the Premier League before .  Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see West Ham lose points late on against
Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , from Granite Hill , California , posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane .  The mother of two , who suffers from multiple myeloma-a rare form of plasma cancer-detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video , which has been viewed thousands of times .  She said she was sitting in
Anthony Horowitz said books by comedian David Walliams are ` witty and entertaining '  59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Gangsta Granny and Diary Of A Wimpy Kid for criticism .  He said such writers should ` write up for children , not down to them '  He said they should follow the example of authors such as John Green and John Green .  Green 's book , The Fault
A total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the West Midlands either committed a crime .  They include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences .  A girl , 9 , was also linked to a case of criminal damage and a five , 5 , was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child .  Police admitted some of the
Danny Ings ` contract at Burnley expires in the summer .  Liverpool , Manchester City and Man United have all shown interest .  Real Sociedad remain hopeful of signing the England Under 21 international .  Ings has attracted interest from Borussia Monchengladbach and others .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Burnley news .
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected .  He said : ` The Mail 's campaign has exposed that off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in hiring of agency staff '  Comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals .  Mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken #
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud , Gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 .  60-year-old died last September , 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma-a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos .  Coroner recorded a verdict of death as a result of industrial disease .  A post-mortem found a large tumour in her right lung .  Mrs Barnett , known as Miss Shonk , left
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels .  This energy can be used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down .  Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid , homeowners can then use their stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again .  It features an intelligent management system
Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 .  The former college star was seen enjoying a Texas Rangers game with his girlfriend Colleen Crowley on Tuesday night .  He also drank water throughout the game and was joined by his girlfriend .  This comes as he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position at
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days .  The pair , from Sydney , visited 35 countries and 70 cities as part of their project 365 Docobites .  The project , which began with three months of funding , took the pair six months to complete .  The pair had a strict budget of $ 40 a day and were stretched to the limits
Thousands of commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station .  Part of the track between Wimbledon and Surbiton was closed this afternoon .  Several trains and countless staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line .  South West Trains warned there would be cancellations as a result of the incident .
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II .  They found that robots designed for surgery could be ` easily ' hacked in to .  This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working .  While this experiment was performed in a controlled environment , the researchers said it 's clear more stringent security measures are
Cressida Bonas , 26 , says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry .  Says she is ` a strong , independent woman ' in new interview to promote Mulberry 's new muse .  Pushs of becoming part of Royal Family put strain on relationship with Prince Harry .  Says as you get older , you find out more about yourself and what you like
Nutritionist Sarah Flower says it 's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean , fresh and unprocessed foods .  Says the typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden .  This makes us more susceptible to vitamin and mineral deficiencies , she says .  ` We are living in a society where it is possible to be overweight and deficient in nutrients , ' she
Leslie Roy , 52 , and Lee Marie Wright , 56 , had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming , Michigan , when their Ford Explorer got stuck in snow on April 11 .  They had a reservation at a hotel in Mackinaw City but never showed up .  Instead , they were entombed in snow with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies , a bag of cheese puffs and melted
Golden State Warriors beat off Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 .  Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 .  The Warriors had lost four games in a row at Staples Center .  Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim eighth and final play-off spot .  San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker scored 16 points against Miami Heat .
Bill de Blasio is allegedly entering the race as a ` leftist ' alternative to Hillary Clinton , according to a source within the Democratic Party .  The New York City mayor has yet to endorse Clinton , despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her U.S. . Senate bid in 2000 .  The 53-year-old said he would withhold his blessing ` until I see an actual vision
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea .  The Southampton defender has been told he is England 's first choice right-back by Roy Hodgson .  Tottenham 's Kyle Walker and Arsenal 's Calum Chambers are also in contention for the Saints ` position .  The 24-year-old was spotted at a WWE event in London on Monday night .  The Saints have opened talks over
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury .  Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease the striker back in .  The Toffees boss believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince the 21-year-old to take it easy .
Southampton lost 2-1 to Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday .  Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with a close-range finish .  Mame Biram Diouf equalised and substitute Charlie Adam scored with six minutes to go .  Saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed Manchester City to two points .  Saints goalkeeper Kelvin Davis gave the Saints a way back into the game .  The 38-year-old
The seemingly meaningless symbols have been daubed on walls or pavements .  But they are actually thought to be a ` code ' for crooks .  So far the code has only been spotted in East Kilbride , Lanarkshire .  Police tweeted : ` Breaking the Housebreaker 's code ... please retweet & report all sightings '  Other marks could suggest occupant is vulnerable or there is nothing worth taking
Lorenzo Simon , 34 , killed Michael Spalding and dismembered his body .  The 39-year-old 's remains were stuffed into two suitcases .  Simon and girlfriend Michelle Bird then threw them into Birmingham Canal .  Simon , of Smethwick , West Midlands , has been jailed for 19 years .  Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years .  Simon initially denied knowledge
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 .  It ended up being sold for # 739,212-a record for the auction house .  It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple-the license plate still bears his initials .  When it is ready , it could be worth more than # 1million .  It was
British exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to Europe .  First time since records began such sales have outstripped those to the EU .  Previously they had beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis -- or three months -- but never for such a sustained period .  Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron 's ` mercantile ' foreign policy .  They are also a
Jennifer McGirr , 61 , appeared on Channel 4 's ` Four in a Bed ' last week .  She said she was living in fear after her Tower View Hotel windows were smashed .  She said the abuse started when a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack .  She also received an abusive phone call later in the day , while police were
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals .  Pep Guardiola must think of a way to stop Lionel Messi .  The Bayern Munich boss nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp .
Close family friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on Today that Kris did n't know Bruce 's secret and she 's still ` trying to get her act together ' when it comes to dealing with the news .  It 's the first time that Bruce Jenner 's third ex-wife has been seen in public since his stunning TV revelations Friday night that he 's always felt female and he now
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini .  The Uruguay striker admitted the truth 10 days later .  His wife Sofia says he told her he did n't bite the defender .  The Barcelona star signed a # 75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Geoff Whitington , 63 , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated .  His sons , Anthony and Ian , are gently -- some might say valiantly -- trying to broaden his palate .  Geoff is no longer diabetic -- and he is off medication .  The supermarket stand-off was caught on camera for a forthcoming film
Erik de Vries , 24 , and Josephine Egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ` messy break-up .  Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands .  It was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands and joined Tinder and swiped ` right ' on Josephine 's profile that they
Silverback was playing with gorillas at Omaha 's Henry Doorley Zoo .  Silverback , who was standing at the back of enclosure , runs at onlookers .  He launches his entire weight at the pane of glass and hits it with such force it cracks .
Prime Minister visited Sacred Heart RC primary school in Westhoughton , Bolton .  Pupils who get poor Sats results will be forced to resit them .  Children with special needs would not have to take the resits , PM said .  Lucy Howarth , 6 , and Will Spibey , 5 , were at the school with Mr Cameron .  Mr Cameron had planned to use the classroom visit to
Amir Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30 .  Bolton fighter had come under increasing pressure to fight Kell Brook in June .  But Khan said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else .  The 28-year-old has fought once before in New York-where he defeated Paulie Malignaggi in May 2010 .  Khan 's only previous outing there was an 11th-round stoppage
James Whitaker 's brief reign as ECB 's head of selectors looks set to end .  Sam Allardyce 's future as West Ham manager is in doubt at the same time .  FA Cup set to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in a new # 10million sponsorship deal .  FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines .  The deal is believed to be
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season .  The Spaniard has yet to sign a contract extension with the Italian giants .  Napoli host Bundesliga side Wolfsburg in the Europa League quarter-final .
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta have found that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates .  This suggests they used the larger , broader plates for use in mating displays while the females had the sharper taller plates , that may have helped to discourage unwanted attention or predators .  They say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the
A Green campaigning manual has been distributed among Green campaigners in London .  It urges activists to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' in a bid to win over sceptical voters .  Adviser also encourages them to compliment people 's homes .  It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party 's manifesto commitments .  membership membership surged to more than 50,000 , outnumbering the Liberal Democrats
Eathan Cruse , 19 , was one of the five men taken into custody after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday .  He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed .  ` He grabbed me , handcuffs me , is like ' What 's your name ? ` ... and I said Eathan , ' he said .  His father , Glen , also said he was brutally
Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire .  The former England cricketer will lead his own team in the race for the first time .  The team will compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins .  Prior was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a
Rebecca Hannibal , 19 , pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend Georgina Bartter with ` purple speaker ' pills in the lead up to the Harbourlife dance festival .  Police allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti , who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8 last year .  Mr Forti pleaded not guilty to three counts of supplying drugs and
Candice-Marie Fox claims she cured her thyroid cancer using a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples .  Ms Fox underwent surgery and radiation treatment to ` mop up ' the cancer in December .  She is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details .  In the wake of controversy surrounding ` wellness warriors ' such as Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson and the death of
Efe Obada only started playing American football half way through last season .  The 22-year-old Londoner will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp .  He was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator Aden Durde .
Rangers winger David Templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods employed by Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall .  Templeton says that MccCall 's training ground methods are superior to the previous management 's .  ` For me , it 's a coaching thing , ' said Templeton , assessing the changes under the new leadership .  The Ibrox winger insists he was not attacking the qualities of
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Luis Suarez scored twice in the first leg at the Parc des Princes .  Neymar , Marquinhos and Blaise Matuidi all scored for the Catalans .  Edinson Cavani looked out of his depth at times for the Frenchman .  Thiago Silva was injured and replaced by David Luiz at the Camp Nou Camp .  David Alves missed the game
Tom Ince scored a stunning 25-yard drive on 16 minutes seconds after seeing a free-kick from similar distance saved .  Derby lost Craig Bryson to injury early on and then Zak Whitbread also went off on 27 minutes .  Mark Hudson , on-loan from Manchester United , then scored his first goal for the Terriers straight from a corner .  Simon Dawkins and Jesse Lingard scored in the second half
Eric Heath Price , 25 , allegedly shot Leaj Jarvis Price , 24 , in Alabama doctor 's office .  He allegedly ran into the office in Jemison screaming ` call the police '  Price then returned to their home and staged a standoff with 40 police officers .  When police fired tear gas into the house , he came outside .  He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich 's last four games due to an abdominal injury .  The Holland international has said he has felt ` physically disabled '  Robben is close to returning to full fitness for Bayern 's clash with Porto .  The 29-year-old has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days .
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in the Premier League .  Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini are in contrasting form going into the derby .  Manchester United have hit form at the right time , while City have lost at Burnley and Crystal Palace .  Here , Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the two sides might take shape .  Pablo Zabaleta , Chris Smalling
Marilyn Zuniga , a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange , New Jersey , had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal after he was hospitalized last week .  The former Black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner .  His conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim
Jake Drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman .  The 23-year-old was taken into custody in June last year .  He said he cannot wait to get back in the water .  ` The first thing I do when I get home , after seeing family , I ' m heading straight to the beach , ` he said .  He said his time in prison was
Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United 's Javier Hernandez .  The Mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid .  Southampton , Lazio , Stoke City and West Ham are also interested in signing him .  The German club have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City .  United are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira .  PSG also
Time lapse video of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day will be played during the elevator journey to the 102nd floor observatory .  The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the observation deck .  It shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation before it was settled by the Dutch in the 1600s .  From the end of the
Manchester City were beaten 2-1 by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are now 11th in the Premier League .  Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored the goals for Palace .  City hit back with a late Sergio Aguero goal .  City were furious that Murray 's opener should have been disallowed for offside .  The Chilean said he does not fear the sack after the
Phil Taylor suffered his fourth loss of the Premier League season .  Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4 .  The defeat for Taylor sees him finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth .  Chisnall moved him up to second in the table after Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld .  Adrian Lewis was one of two players
Laurent Stefanini , 55 , was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande .  But the controversial appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' , according to French media .  Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican .  This is despite the fact that he was a practising Catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the Elysee had
High school cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering Stephanie Scott .  Neighbours say the Stanford family have lived at the Leeton property for ` around 13 months '  Investigators were pictured hauling large bags of evidence out the back of the property on Thursday evening .  The three-bedroom property is on the market for $ 179,000 .  The property , which was constructed in 1960 ,
Jayla Currie , 23 , from Berne , Indiana , is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women 's Prison .  The program allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences .  The mother-of-one has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession .  Jayla gave birth to her one-year-old son Jayden
On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda , in northern Italy , lies a luxury villa with a view-just several miles north of Brescia .  For $ 18 million -LRB- about # 13 million -RRB- , the modern home , complete with pool , gazebo , and al fresco dining spots , can be yours .  Hameau du Temple , located near Uzes , in the South of France ,
British Airways , easyJet , Ryanair and Flybe among airlines set to cancel flights .  Strike by French air traffic controllers ` union will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on Friday .  Those travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as exit checks introduced at Britain 's ports .
The research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island .  Subjects were shown an on-screen ` texture ' of short lines-either vertical or horizontal , first one then the other-and were asked to spot anomalies .  Their responses were measured in milliseconds .  Gamers were shown to be more successful when learning both tasks than non-gamers .  The data show that gamers on average improved their
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto , 20 , was found guilty of raping a 3-year-old girl at his family home in June .  He sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she could n't scream .  Prosecutors have said they will appeal the decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated .  The judge said there was ` no violence or callous disregard
Father Damian Maria Montes , 29 , was appearing on the Spanish version of The Voice .  He belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest 's collar .  The audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement .  The Redemptorist claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old .  He said he turned to the church first as he wanted
Ivana Chubbuck , 62 , is a part therapist and part acting coach .  Her client list includes Eva Mendes , Charlize Theron , Gerard Butler , Sharon Stone and many others .  So powerful are her methods , she reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes .
Alessandra , 34 , models new campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti .  Mother-of-two , who is No . 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models , stars in campaign .  Models new A / W15 collection , which has eight lines in a variety of styles .
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims .  Former Tech . Sgt . Jennifer Smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq , brought forward the songbook .  The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair , The Kotex Song and Bestiality .  One of them , The S &
Kyle Major , 14 , punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head .  Paul Walker , 52 , had just asked his group of friends for directions .  He was found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in the early hours of New Year 's Day .  The court heard the boy had been ` allowed to run wild '  Major had consumed
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette .  The 28-year-old ` bounced around , triumphantly like a boxer ' after the assaults , a court heard .  Lance Corporal Albert Duffy had survived bomb blasts during a glittering military career .  But after returning home , he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed Keith Anderson .  Just minutes before the attack ,
The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems .  F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix .  The decision means the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races .  More races are heading to Asia and the Middle East .
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open .  The 21-year-old has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness .  Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at country music festival Tortuga .
A student expelled from George Mason University is suing in federal court to clear his name , arguing that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing , not sexual assault .  The student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman , and that they frequently engaged in a safe word if one or the other wanted to stop .  The university is demanding he
Macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , The Venetian .  It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China .  The Ruins of St Paul 's , elegant Senado Square , and A-Ma Temple , more than 500 years old .  The Macau Tower has the world 's highest bungee jump , 764ft in 17 seconds .  Gambling
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. . food industry .  His American-born ex , Dr . Ayse Giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality .
Rangers will play Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3-24 hours after Hibs and promotion rivals Falkirk and Queen of the South play .  The Ibrox club 's final game of the season has been pushed back for TV purposes .  Rangers boss Stuart McCall said he also backed Hibs ` stance .
Marylin Stoneman , 64 , had been entrusted with the victim 's financial affairs .  He went into care at Cedar House , Rothley , Leicestershire , after a number of falls .  But she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to # 200 a day to feed her gambling habit .  The 64-year-old admitted stealing # 22,650 but was ordered to pay back just # 1,350 .  Stoneman
Chyknell Hall Estate , set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth , Shropshire , is on the market for # 6million .  Its centrepiece , the 11-bedroom manor house , was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since .  The Regency home is set in traditional parkland which has no footpaths through it-offering complete privacy .  Also boasts a swimming pool , tennis court , stables
Quota system was abolished today after 30 years-allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty .  The move is expected to drive a spike in production , particularly in countries like Ireland , Germany and the Netherlands .  As a result , a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out , bringing down the price for consumers
The tragic fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11,1985 .  There is n't a shred of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately .  Martin Fletcher has written a book Fifty-Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire .  He says it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson .  It should never be
Jose Mourinho believes he is getting better in every aspect of his job .  The Chelsea boss insists his problem is that he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media .  The 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed .  He was fined # 25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side after being riled by
Kazi Islam , 18 , sent messages to Harry Thomas , 19 , via Blackberry .  Messages praising Lee Rigby 's killers and encouraging him to buy a knife .  Used ` cake ' as code for bomb in messages , but Thomas replied : ` Cake ? U mean the b o m b '  Pair met while at Barking and Dagenham College in October 2013 .  Mr Thomas
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
A Washington , DC-based company wants to create a new space station .  Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS .  It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity .  It would be 1,300 ft -LRB- 400 metres -RRB- long , cost # 200 billion -LRB- $ 300 billion -RRB- and take 30 years to build .  The ` space mushroom ' was designed by Bill
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Archaeologists at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London found human skulls in Gough 's Cave in Somerset had been extenisvely shaped to create cups or bowls .  The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism , perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin .  The humans who lived at the cave were a group of Cro-Magnon hunter-gatherers
Richard Howarth says he gets so agitated when he sees Ukip leader .  35-year-old says he has to change the channel or he becomes physically sick .  Says hearing Farage 's voice makes him ` physically sick '  Says he initially watched coverage of Mr Farage to educate himself on the party 's policies .  But he says it was not good for his health and he could n't watch
PayPal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in .  Jonathan Leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers .  He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ` true integration with the human body '  The next wave of passwords will
Ursula Ward , the mother of Odin Lloyd , wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit .  Hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17,2013 .  Ward said during a press conference on Wednesday : ` The day I learned
A selection of 36 sweets-including liquorice sticks , cola bottles and gummy bears-are on sale .  They are guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients .  The 10 stores trialling the scheme include Blackburn , Bolton , Preston , Bradford , West Bromwich , Birmingham , Leamington Spa and three in London .  Halal sweets include only gelatin from halal slaughtered animals .  Halal involves specific methods
Liverpool are the first Premier League club to release their new kit .  New Balance have been kit supplier for the 2015-16 campaign .  The Merseyside club have had their kit manufactured by Warrior for three seasons .  Sportsmail picks its five favourite strips from over the years .  Let us know your favourite strips in the comments section at the bottom of the page .
Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid 1-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday .  Jan Oblak kept a clean sheet in the first half of the game .  The 22-year-old cost $ 16million -LRB- # 11.5 m -RRB- and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper .  He was already Slovenia 's number one when he left Benfica in the summer .  Atletsico have not scored in the Champions
Dan Klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah , New Jersey .  He saw the soaring javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it-but tripped over .  He was left with a stray javelin embedded in his heel .
Vassilis is the boatman at the Eagles Palace , a long-established family hotel in north-eastern Greece .  The hotel is designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast .  It is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants , cooling courtyards , beach bars and a large saltwater pool .  The beach itself shelves into water , which is astonishingly clear because the Aegean sweeps
One in five NSW families have admitted to sedating their children before a long road trip .  The over the counter drug Phenergan is commonly used to treat allergies .  It contains a sedative called promethazine which is widely known to cause breathing problems in young children .  The medical community claim the sedatives should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects like respiratory
GetUp 's new website , The Gender Price Gap , has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women .  This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men .  Other examples highlighted on the website , which show price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females , highlight the absurd
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield .  He added the caption : ` Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday # DISGRACE '  Mr Dodd 's post was met with widespread condemnation on social media .  Mr Bodi , a solicitor from Preston , said it was not the first time he had prayed at a match .  Both Blackburn Rovers and
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .  Two days ago he was freed as terrorists stormed prison he was being held in .  Pictures show him relaxing in the governor 's palace in Mukalla , Yemen .
Henry Rayhons , 78 , was accused of abusing his wife Donna at her nursing home .  He was told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to consent .  He argued that they had been affectionate on the night in question but had not had sex .  The Iowa Republican , who served 18 years as a member of the Iowa House , was found
A 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed while driving in the sandstorm in Dubai .  Visibility has been reduced to less than 500 metres , with the high winds set to continue over the weekend .  People expecting to fly are being urged to check with their airlines to see how their planes are affected by the dust .  The National Centre of Meteorology and Seismology has
Bayern Munich host Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday evening .  The two teams met in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley .  Arjen Robben scored five minutes from time as Bayern defeated Dortmund 2-1 .  A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern 's 10-point lead but is n't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield .  Jurgen Klopp 's Dortmund could
Jalila , 12 , was kidnapped from her home in the Iraq region of Yazidi in August 2014 .  She was ` owned ' by seven ISIS fighters and raped for three days .  One survivor said she had tried to kill herself so she would n't be raped again .  Another victim said she was forced to marry and convert to Islam .  Human Rights Watch says fighters are
Mike Holpin , 56 , is said to have cost taxpayers # 4.3 m in benefits and care costs .  The father of 40 has three 48in widescreen TVs dotted around his council house .  At least 16 of his children have been taken off him and their mothers by social services .  He says he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street .  His fiancee Diane
Karen Gaynor , 53 , appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage .  Court heard how council officials had told her she could trim the tree but physically refused to show her how much .  Ms Gaynor 's pruning of the tree ` went way beyond the lawful excuse ' and caused ` unnecessary damage '  Neighbour Kay Daye said the tree was in a good condition
Ed Balls said the letter , left in the Treasury by Liam Byrne in 2010 , was just a ` jokey note '  Mr Byrne 's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated : ` Dear Chief Secretary , I ' m afraid there is no money . Kind regards -- and good luck ! Liam `  It has become emblematic of Labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office
Shah Jahah Khan , 62 , and Ibrahim Anderson , 38 , have pleaded not guilty to terror offences .  Pair accused of setting up a stall on Oxford Street and handing out ISIS leaflets .  Both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation .  Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing dark grey Islamic dress .  Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue
V . K Singh tweeted `` friends what do you expect from presstitutes ... . '' in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the Pakistan High Commission .  The comment evokes sharp reactions , with the Opposition demanding an apology from the Union minister .  The Broadcast Editors ` Association found the tweet to be offensive
Park Crescent West , near Regents Park in London , could be demolished .  Developer PCW Property Holdings has now submitted fresh plans to demolish it and rebuild it as apartments .  The crescent 's facade will look near-on identical to its current design .  But residents who live behind site are furious at the plans , claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives .  New development
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day international matches .  Shaharyar Khan hopes the tour will go ahead as soon as May .  Pakistan have n't played a Test nation since gunmen attacked the Sri Lanka team bus in Lahore in March 2009 .
Taline Gabrielian , 33 , has recreated Mars Bars , Snickers , Bounty , Twix and Cherry Ripe .  She has published the recipes through her best-selling food app , Hippie Lane .  The mother of two , of Sydney 's Northern Beaches , has 129,000 Instagram followers .  She attributes her success to the re-imagining of sweet tooth favourites .
Controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles .  Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson .  One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception .  Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing .  Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family 's safety after her son 's childcare details
Former Staff Sgt . Charlie Linville , 29 , from Boise , Idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -LRB- 29,035-foot -RRB- summit next month .  His quest to climb Everest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down .  He
YouTube user , MicahMedia , has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg .  He pops the egg into a small tumbler glass before filling it a quarter of the way with water .  After ten seconds of shaking , the YouTuber lifts his hand to show the shell .  In a matter of miliseconds , he simply lifts up the shell of
Sale Sharks winger Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale .  Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion .  Alex Lewington -LRB- two -RRB- and Andrew Fenby scored tries for the visitors .  Chris Noakes added two penalties , two conversions and a penalty .  Sale 's starting line-up was unchanged from their win over Gloucester .  Irish lost lock Richard
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of social network users .  It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan .  Although the app is hosted by Facebook , the site is not affiliated with the scheme in any other way .  Once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions they are presented with health surveys they complete each
Jeremy Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America , China and Australia .  The West Brom chairman is looking to sell the club for between # 150million to # 200m .  Tony Pulis will be kept informed of developments if a deal is not in place by July .  Aston Villa are already in talks with potential buyers .
Robert Hugel , who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit , found the victims , all in their 70s and 80s , just after 3 p . m . at the house in Bellerose in Queens .  Neighbors say that Jerry and Marrianne Hugel were a happily married couple who loved to dance , garden , and observe their German heritage .  The Hugels had lived in the
Neil Bantleman , who also holds British nationality , was found guilty of abusing three young boys .  He was sentenced to ten years in jail and ordered to pay a fine of # 5,200 .
Efan James , who was ` well cared-for and loved ' , died in his sleep last October .  Mother Hannah James took him to bed at family home in Milford Haven , West Wales .  The next morning he was ` lying face down and unresponsive ' , inquest heard .  Coroner said new parents were given ` confusing ' advice over how tired they could be when they
Stephanie Hannon , 67 , will serve as Hillary Clinton 's chief technology officer .  Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps .  She will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state 's brand through the 2016 elections .  Vincent Harris , the Rand Paul presidential campaign 's digital chief , worked for Ted Cruz unti
Tehsin Nayani has written ` The Glazer Gatekeeper : six years speaking for Manchester United 's silent owners '  He spent six years as family 's spokesman for # 800m takeover in 2005 .  Claims family were always in it for the long haul and wanted United to overtake Chelsea .  Says the Glazers were ` completely unruffled ' by the mass protests .  Reveals Sir Alex Ferguson invited the
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police .  Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina .  The protesters marched from Manhattan 's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic .
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits .  Parents who refuse to immunisate their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child .  Families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $ 7,500-a-year childcare rebate , $ 200 a week childcare benefit and the $ 726 Family Tax Benefit Part A
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday night .  Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Argentina after eight minutes .  Miller Bolanos equalised midway through the first half with a mistake in the centre of the Argentina defence .  Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute when an Ecuador clearance was blocked and he beat the offside trap to
Leah O ` Brien , 33 , was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance .  Her 8-year-old daughter , Kori , was in the vehicle at the time and suffered serious injuries .  Her other daughter , Rachel , 10 , is in a medically-induced coma .  Her fiancé
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday .  Alan Pardew , Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman played for Palace .  Parish posted the picture on Instagram after the game .  Geoff Shreeves said Wyman has been an avid supporter for 68 years .
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv 's Varsano Hotel for # 17.1 m .  The Russian billionaire is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home .  The hotel complex , which covers 1,500 square metres , is listed as a preserved building .  It consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites , and six more bedrooms in
Two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the Sandbanks peninsula for # 13million .  Standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views .  While one of the homes has five en-suite bedrooms , the other has four .  But both have indoor
Thaddeus McCarroll , 23 , was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife .  Police say they shot him with an ` less lethal impact weapon ' because they felt they had to act .  The encounter was recorded on officer 's body camera as police asked him to drop his knife numerous times .  ` We need to know
David Bulman , 55 , repeatedly punched his wife Lubova in the face .  He criticised her for not doing the chores or checking if his shirt buttons were missing .  Neighbours called the police after he drove away , damaging a gate post and a van .  He was given a 12-month community order after pleading guilty to assault .  He was also ordered not to intimidate , harass
Sarah Silverman claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a gig .  She recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League in New York .  She claimed she had been paid less because she appeared as a guest on the show .  Silverman said she was n't meant to receive anything-male counterpart Todd Barry was booked .  She was forced to apologise after owner Al Martin revealed the
Hamayun Tariq , 37 , was born and raised in Dudley , West Midlands .  Father-of-two joined Islamic State as explosives expert and sniper .  He posted images of room where he claims to make IEDs .  Components are seen arranged on shelves and instruction manuals .  The ex-car mechanic says he hopes to be ` the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state '  He has been suspended as
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season .  The 19-year-old could end up playing for Republic of Ireland against England in June .  But he would still be able to switch allegiance to the Three Lions afterwards .  The Villa academy graduate won the country 's Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month .  Gareth Southgate made contact about a year
The 58-year-old actress-who is married to actor Tom Hanks-took to her Twitter account on Wednesday to thank her supporters .  She tweeted : ` I am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you ' re sending . Thank you . Thank you `  On Tuesday , she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine .  She explained that
Ellie Laing , SBS news reporter who was hired by Jim Carroll , hit back at claims she was hired for her looks over her brains in an open letter to The Australian .  The article in The Australian suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young , white and female .  Laing said that despite a near decade of experience , hard work , established contacts and
Jessa Duggar , 22 , and husband Ben Seewald , 19 , have been married for less than a year and already there 's a baby on the way .  Jessa 's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the Duggars .  She is the third child to marry , and every marriage has resulted in a baby the first year of marriage .  In late March an image of
Four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday .  Change the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries .  Time change affects all states except Queensland , the Northern Territory and Western Australia .
Manny Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach says that Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever .  Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and Gennady Golovkin above him .  ` I do n't think he 's fought enough competition to be considered the best . You have to fight the best to be the best , I feel . He 's ducked a lot of guys , ' he says .
At 74 , Benaud is still as fit as a flea , the result of a lifestyle as measured as his commentating .  He led his country as captain in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series .  David Cameron said he had ` grown up listening to Richie Benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary '  Tony Abbott called it ` a sad day for Australia '  Benaud
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent .  The 43-year-old has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago .  Harry Kane , Andros Townsend , Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker all played for England .  Mason has paid tribute to the impact the Argentine has had on the English game .  Mason , 23 ,
Chancey Luna , 17 , is accused of shooting dead Australian baseball player Chris Lane .  Lane , 22 , from Melbourne , was shot in the back on August 16,2013 .  He was visiting his girlfriend Sarah Harper when he was shot .  Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail if found guilty .
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery .  They swabbed stuffed animals brought into hospital by children ahead of surgery .  The findings revealed that all those soft toys swabbbed showed bacterial growth .  They urged parents to be aware of the dangers comfort items could pose .
Swansea City host Everton at Goodison Park -LRB- 12.45 pm -RRB- .  Southampton host Hull City at home -LRB- 3pm -RRB- .  Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford -LRB- 4pm -RRB- .  Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield -LRB- 8pm -RRB- .
` I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade , ' said Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for Nasa .  Jeffery Newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ` It 's definitely not an if , it 's a when '  The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising
Kay Bennett , 33 , from Swindon , says she ca n't get a job because of the tattoos .  She says she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has no success .  Her handouts , which total # 14,000 a year , include an employment and support allowance of # 360 a fortnight and housing benefit of # 400-a-month .  Miss Bennett says she got
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register .  Campbell joins forces with actor David Harewood , musician Tinie Tempah and TV presenter Ade Adepitan .  The campaign , run by Operation Black Vote , features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20 .  Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics .
Christopher Barry , 53 , was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy .  The boy , who is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang , pleaded guilty to the attack .  He pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry as he got into a lift .  Mr Barry , known as Jack , would not let the boy and his friends into the block
Ruben Blundell , 6 , was four days overdue when his mother went into labour .  Left with no time to get to the hospital , the family had to deliver the baby at home .  Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe .  Michelle Madden , 30 , of Rhos on Sea , Conwy , Wales , said Ruben was so mature
Joshua Smith , 16 , died after falling from a cliff in Berwick-upon-Tweed , Northumberland .  Coastguard , police , paramedics , firefighters and an RAF rescue helicopter were all scrambled to the scene in early hours of Easter Sunday .  Joshua was flown to hospital , where he later died .  Police have said they are not treating the teenager 's death as suspicious .  Joshua was a rugby
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J . Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield , Ohio , on Saturday afternoon .  Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius .  He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader 's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday , ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids distribution .  ` Today 's news is something that I have long hoped for , ' Bonds said in a statement .  On April 22,2015 , reversed
Jon Stewart will host his final The Daily Show on August 6 .  Comedian revealed he decided to quit because he was becoming increasingly depressed .  He said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore .  Comedian Trevor Noah , 31 , will take over as Stewart 's replacement .  He has been accused of antisemitism for comments about Jews
Harry , 18 , was out with his parents in Cambridge when he was hit by cyclist .  Cyclist , in her 20s , rode off without showing any remorse , says Angela Buckler .  Harry was covered in blood after being dragged face first for 3ft along the path .  Police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident .  Harry was taken to Addenbrooke 's
WPLG reporter Roger Lohse was reporting on a brush fire in southwest Miami-Dade .  His cameraman pointed out something behind him , and he went to investigate .  As the camera zoomed in , a black kitten was rescued from the smoldering blaze .  Lohe said : ` We just had the rescue here . How about that-that 's a great story '
Richard Ilczyszyn , 46 , suffered a heart attack on a Southwest flight .  His wife Kelly , a flight attendant , has filed a wrongful death suit against the airline .  She says she was ` confused ' why attendants did n't help her husband .  The father-of-three 's foot was wedged in the door as he ` groaned ' and ` cried '  He was heard ` whimpering
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee-now an old man , for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights .  He lives a slum house within India 's only Muslim-majority state , which has refused to grant the West Pakistan Refugees -LRB- WPRs -RRB- the right to own property or vote in state elections .  Ram , a Hindu , was born
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament .  Gareth Southgate 's squad finished fourth last May .  The tournament runs from May 27 to June 7 .  Aidy Boothroyd will be the man in charge of the Under 20s this time .  Other participating countries include Holland , The Ivory Coast , Mexico and the United States .
The 44-year-old , named by locals as Donna Christie , slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday .  She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children when she dropped her phone .  She is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries .  She was airlifted to Westmead Hospital in Sydney where she remains in a stable condition .
The last two ` Doolittle Tokyo Raiders ' presented the group 's Congressional Gold Medal for permanent display at the National Museum of the US Air Force on Saturday .  Retired Lt Col Richard ` Dick ' Cole , age 99 , gave the medal to the museum 's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders .
Kylie Gulliver , 29 , is a former model and actress from Melbourne .  She had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years .  Robin Antin , founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL , has now joined her as her business partner .  The pair met via Instagram and have now launched the brand Elliott Label .  The brand is adorning the backs of stars
Gareth Blanks was ` hysterical ' when he returned to his home in Truro , Cornwall .  The 31-year-old was approached by a group of three men and one woman .  One of the men punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body .  He is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 2-1 in the Wear-Tyne derby .  Jermain Defoe scored a wonder goal on the cusp of half-time to give the Black Cats the lead .  Tim Krul waited in the tunnel for the match-winner at half time .  Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher criticised the Newcastle keeper after the game .  He said : ` I would n't want to see one of my own team doing it
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager .  The former Tottenham and Hamburg coach pulled out of the running due to ` family reasons ' at the end of March .  The 50-year-old Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation to League Two .  The Magpies have confirmed that Dave Kevan will be Moniz 's assistant .  strength and conditioning coach Mike Edwards
Len Barnes , 75 , from Stockton , battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile .  He lost his appetite and endured constant pain during long spells in hospital .  Despite numerous courses of antibiotics , he was showing no signs of improvement .  His doctor said mixing healthy poo with my poo would give healthy bacteria the chance to fight with my bad bacteria .  His daughter Debbie stepped in
Kevin Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month .  Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks .  The 34-year-old is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013 .
Lyoto Machida takes on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday night .  The 36-year-old was filmed sweating it out under an electric blanket .  UFC president Dana White posted a video of the extremes to which fighters go to make weight .  The UFC president posted the video on Twitter and Facebook .  CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .
Diplomatic cables were sent two days before MH17 crash .  German intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security .  Malaysia Airlines flight was shot down over rebel-held territory on July 17 .
Andrew Silicani , 23 , of Cheyenne , Wyoming , pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders .  He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer .  ` I think it 's fair to say you 'll be looking at some time in custody , ' said U.S. .
The young girl who died has been identified as Piper by 9News .  She was in the car with her mother , Chantelle Boddy , and two brothers .  Her Holden Astra spun out of control , colliding with a ute on Wyee Road near Doyalson in NSW Central Coast about 5.15 pm on Saturday .  Two boys , aged nine and 12 , were airlifted to The Children 's
Ashley Shupe says her eight-year-old son Kaiden is suicidal after being bullied .  Claims he has tried to choke himself , throw himself from a height , and stop eating .  She says it was a reaction to repeated ` taunting , bullying and physical assault '  Shupe is demanding $ 300,000 for the school district 's negligence .
Samantha Simmonds took some time off work to spend with her three children .  The 42-year-old said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering .  The mother-of-three also described the ` working mum guilt ' shared by many .  In her blog post , the newsreader also described ` working Mum guilt '  She said she feels ` unprepared and un-forewarned of the trials and tribulations of
Manchester City face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side have lost four of their last five games .  The Premier League champions are in danger of not finishing in the top four .  City have already talked to Borussia Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp two years ago , but they rejected his flambouyant approach .  The club are not guaranteeing the manager will
Park Inn by Radisson has launched the launch of a pioneering , new virtual travel service .  E-scapes are the world 's first ` virtual holiday ' experience on social media .  The holidays take management of an individual 's social media profiles and ` transports ' them away on the ` e-trip ' of a lifetime .  From just $ 39 -LRB- # 29 -RRB- .  Includes visits to
Former supermodel Christy Turlington Burns , 46 , is face of Lindex 's Spring 2015 campaign .  The Scandinavian brand opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford , London , on March 27 .  Toni Garrn , 22 , and Liya Kebede , 37 , have also been brought in .  The models have been selected because of their work doing good things outside of the fashion world ,
Steven Abberley , 28 , hurled tirade of abuse at politicians .  Then threw marbles from public gallery , but they missed MPs and hit security screen .  He excused himself to fellow observers before shouting ` you are all just liars '  When arrested , he told police he had daubed the words ` the enemy within ' in red paint .  He told police officers he had scrawled
Human Harvest : China 's Organ Trafficking reveals harrowing details .  One medical student revealed how ` blood was still running ' as he cut through a body .  Health worker told how her husband removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive .  Doctors and medical students in state-run hospitals are taking thousands of organs a year from donors while they are still alive , it is
The tech giant is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa , the owner of the Three network .  Firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help Google create a global network .  Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls , send texts and use data as part of their plan , regardless of where in the world they
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament .  He was found using his mobile phone in the middle of a match .  The two-time national champion was exposed when his opponent complained .
Liverpool lost 1-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Philippe Coutinho , Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored for the Reds .  Brendan Rodgers has underperformed last season and deserves criticism .  But he has not made a mark on the games that matter .  Fenway Sports Group , Liverpool 's owners , do n't need to consider his future .  Only three of the
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal 's side are now eight points behind leaders Liverpool .  Van Gaal sees next Sunday 's derby against Manchester City as important .  The Dutchman sees the derby as an opportunity to push United 's claims for a top-two finish .
David Duane Watson , a 46-year-old Tucson firefighter , was arrested Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson , 35 , in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter .  Police say the dispute continued after Watson 's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox , 63 , tried to gain visitation rights over the girl in 2003 .  Three years after her daughter went
Lord Prescott said he cannot see a problem with future King writing to ministers .  Said he has ` a lot of time for Charles ' who he described as a passionate environmentalist .  Said while he listens to the views of everyone who contacts him on political matters , he makes his own decisions .  He published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince-including one expressing his
Chris Blowes , 26 , was surfing about 350 metres offshore when he was attacked at 9.45 am on Saturday .  Shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer 's leg and a surfboard in its mouth .  The man was initially taken to Port Lincoln Hospital with life-threatening injuries but has been airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment .
Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused Jason Brown .  John Wild , from Wotton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire , was found guilty of racially abusing Brown while he was playing for Dartford in a Vanarama Conference fixture at Bristol Rovers last October .  Brown welcomed the outcome of the case but , in doing so , criticised a number of bodies , including The
Justin Bettman 's Set in the Street project caught the attention of Jose Luis , who saw a feature on the photographer in New York Magazine and sent him an email with an idea .  The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , the very spot where Luis and his girlfriend had their first date .  Bettman and his crew began building the
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts .  Parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by Labour MPs that they employ staff only because they are forced to by the Westminster system .  Labour 's biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked
Margaret and Gary Mazan 's 14 Red Setters were seized by RSPCA inspectors .  They were found with matted fur , dehydrated and not provided with a diet .  Couple , from Bradford , West Yorkshire , jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban .  Mrs Mazan , 53 , was said to have shown and bred setters for more than 10 years .  She chose not to give
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics on Sunday afternoon .  He hit a one-handed shot , which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court , on Saturday .  Just before the long distance shot went through the hoop , ` King James ' said : ` Give me my money
A preliminary ruling from the Muskingum County coroner on Monday said the baby was nearly full term when she was born .  The child 's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord , Ohio , but they have refused to release her name .  It 's the second time a baby has died of asphyxiation at the school .  Jennifer Bryant , then 22 , was
Arda Turan was celebrating after Atletico Madrid 's 2-1 win against Luxembourg .  He had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system .  But Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of safety rules .  They warned that there would be consequences for the cabin crew .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to Liverpool and Arsenal .  The German coach said he believed Dortmund need a change of manager next season .  He will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 as he looks for a fresh start elsewhere .  The former Manchester United boss was immediately installed as
Renee Somerfield , 24 , starred in Protein World 's new weight loss advert .  It features a bikini-clad Renee next to text ` ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY ? '  Bloggers are angry at the insinuation that only women who look like Renee are ready to go to the beach .  The Australian model has responded to the backlash against the campaign .  She said : ` Two wrongs
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 .  He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the Ibrox club .  But a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow .  In his imminent autobiography ` Moody Blue-The Story of the Mysterious Marco ' , the 44-year-old reveals that his worst fears were n't confirmed after flying to Italy for treatment .
Luke Rockhold takes on Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday .  Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago .  The Californian is looking to extend his winning streak to five .  Rockhold has no plans to let it get in the way of victory .  ` I ' m going to go out there and show him my style and
The former Olympian and reality TV star , 65 , will speak out in a ` far-ranging ' interview with Diane Sawyer for a special edition of ` 20 / 20 ' on Friday April 24 , ABC News announced on Monday .  The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six 's transition to a woman , and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in
All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after potential drone sighting .  Police helicopter scoured the area after 11 : 30 am but nothing was found .  Radio-controlled drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to aerial photography .  There have been dozens of reports of drones flying too close to airports or commercial aircraft .  Experts say the radio-controlled devices pose a significant threat because they could be sucked
300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours after start of trading .  Trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted .  Government 's attempts to sell # 3billion of bonds on debt markets delayed for hours .  Outage was first reported at 8.20 am and lasted into the afternoon .  Reports suggested a spilled can of Coke in one of the server rooms .  It was
Trials show Avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women four months ` extra life .  The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators .  Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund until it is considered for routine NHS use .  Each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from the drug .  The drug costs #
Victor Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger over a move to Arsenal .  The Kenyam midfielder was linked with the Gunners before moving from Celtic to Southampton for # 12.5 million in 2013 .  Wanyama has reportedly not ruled out a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham .  Ronald Koeman 's side are expected to lose more players in the summer , including Morgan
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy .  He warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .  The maximum body fat percentage
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half in Chelsea 's 1-1 draw with Chelsea .  Adam 's shot fooled Thibaut Courtois at Stamford Bridge .  David Beckham did it for Manchester United against Wimbledon in 1996 .  Wayne Rooney and Xabi Alonso also scored against Chelsea in 2006 .  Sportsmail 's Jamie Redknapp said it was ` one of the best strikes we ' ve ever seen `  Adam
Kevin Sinfield will join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season .  The former England captain has been warned he will be a ` target ' when he makes the switch to rugby union .  Sinfield has guided the Rhinos to six Super League titles , three World Club Challenges and the Challenge Cup in 2014 at the expense of Daryl Powell 's Castleford .  The 34-year-old is closing
Ousman Jatta , 45 , married wife Beryl , 88 , in Gambia 13 years ago .  He moved back to the UK with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006 .  He booked her in for respite care at Avon Lodge Care Centre in Bristol .  But when he returned was not allowed to take her home with him .  When he went to pick her up
Eden Hazard has won the PFA Young Player of the Year .  The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions this season .  Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and signed a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in February .  Hazard said of his award success : ` I ' m very happy . One day I want to be the best and what I did
Fred Pagan , 49 , was paid $ 160,000 in his Senate role last year .  He is accused of buying the drugs to exchange for sexual favors .  Pagan has worked for Sen . Thad Cochran since he was 16 years old .
Jimmy Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham 's England record .  Anderson took the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in England 's history .  England lost five wickets for 20 runs and were in danger of wasting the initiative handed to them largely by Ian Bell 's century .  The Lancastrian was separated after a last-wicket stand of 38 England
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria .  The 41-year-old was sacked on Wednesday after a poor run .  He was reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance '
Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December , when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece .  In the article , titled ` A Rape on Campus ' , Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago .  A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd .  The former New England Patriots star was found guilty of the murder on Wednesday .  He was taken to the MCI Cedar Junction prison in Walpole , Massachusetts on Wednesday .  He was being moved to the maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley today .  He is being held separately from
Seven-minute video allegedly shows ISIS militants destroying ruins of ancient city of Nimrud .  It shows militants using sledgehammers , jackhammers and saws to destroy 3,000-year-old stone slabs .  The ancient city was once the capital of the Assyrian Empire , founded in the 13th century B.C. .  It has been declared a ` war crime ' by U.N. . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .  It is believed parts of the
Manchester City Ladies lost 1-0 to Arsenal in Women 's Super League .  Jill Scott was sent off for headbutting Arsenal defender Jade Bailey .  The England international apologised for the incident after the game .  City manager Nick Cushing described Scott 's actions as ` out of character '
Some of the more comical adverts that graced the nation 's national newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century , it 's hard to believe that the advertising brains behind them thought they might actually work .  Like a time capsule from the era , the fashions are perfectly preserved ; the men generally seem to be sporting thick moustaches and almost always on their arm
The Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday .  Jimmy Butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game .  The Bulls took a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series .  The Golden State Warriors beat the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87 in Oakland .  Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points .
Shelley Dufresnein , 32 , from St Charles Parish , Louisiana , admitted to having sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time .  The married mother-of-three was arrested in September after a student at Destrehan High School bragged that he had slept with both of them-including an alleged a threesome with both at Respess 's house .  In exchange
Curtis Stone and his actress wife Lindsay Price have two boys , Hudson , 3 , and Emerson , 7 months .  The celebrity chef is adamant that his children should eat healthily .  Stone 's new cookbook , Good Food , Good Life contains photos of him cooking and gardening with wife Lindsay .  The 39-year-old is back in Australia to visit family and promote his new cook book
Zoe O ` Connell , 37 , is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon , Essex .  She used to be a man , Sarah Brown , 41 , and Sylvia Knight , 39 .  They now live together in a three-bedroom home in Cambridge .  The women were once a straight married couple -- when Ms Brown was a man .  The two are now in a civil
Rafa Benitez was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012 .  Fans did n't warm to him when he walked out for his first game at Stamford Bridge .  But he managed to get the job done and it would be the same for another club today .  Rumours are that he could be on for a return to the Premier League .  Manchester City , Newcastle and Napoli are all
A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans .  Police have released photos of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident who were seated on the western side of the stadium above the tunnel .  Canterbury coach Des Hasler has apologised on behalf of his club
Technology that claims to transform a smartphone into a Star Trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in Israel .  The company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance .  It works by analysing a materials ` hyperspectral signature ' , which is its unique fingerprint .  The technology could help a range of industries such
Lion gets its head stuck in a feeding barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands .  Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions , as it replicates challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild .  The animal reaches in too far and tries to retrieve a piece of meat .  Visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion desperately tries
Irish tourist Barry Lyttle , 33 , has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence .  He pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother Patrick .  Patrick , 31 , was allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross in Sydney 's inner-city on January 3 .  Patrick spent six days in a coma before making his remarkable recovery at St Vincent
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final against Reading .  The Arsenal midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin problem .  Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week .  Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is also on the club 's injury list .  Jack Wilshere will be in Arsenal 's squad for the match at Wembley .
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall .  The divisive batsman has not played in the LV = County Championship since 2013 .  Pietersen wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash .  The 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 .  Alastair Cook was coy
Bernard ` Barry ' Freundel , 63 , was arrested in October for spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue 's ritual bathroom in D.C. .  He pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism in February and is set to be sentenced in May .  His wife Sharon gave a talk at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences .  She did
A survey by Skout revealed that 73 per cent of grilled cheese lovers have sex at least once a month .  For those who do n't like the comfort food , only 27 per cent have sex with the same frequency .  The most popular filling is American cheese , followed by cheddar and mozzarella .  Continental varieties were at the bottom of the league table with only 8 per
Passengers have left behind more than $ 2.7 million in quarters and dimes in five years .  The TSA were allowed to keep $ 675,000 in spare change last year .  That is almost double what was collected in 2008 at $ 383,414 .
Trevor Duffy , 19 , of the Bronx , died of excessive alcohol consumption in November .  He was a sophomore at the University at Albany .  His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members .  The university investigation concluded Duffy 's death was the result of hazing .
Adrien Broner tweeted a video of himself and Amir Khan on Instagram .  Khan has n't fought since December and has struggled to find an opponent .  Broner tells Khan : ` Hey , tell them to make the fight , man , let 's get this money '  It 's by no means certain that the fight will go ahead .  Khan is targeting a fight at the end
An Australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless , new evidence shows .  The couple travelled to India in late 2012 and seeked citizenship for a baby girl but told consular staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind .  The Australian man told consulate staff he would be giving the boy to some
Blaine Boudreaux , 34 , has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid .  He was allegedly drunk when he ran a red light on Lockwood Drive at around 6.3 opm and slammed his Dodge pickup truck into a Honda Civic .  Joshua Medrano , 6 , who was a passenger in the sedan , was fatally injured .  His mother ,
Star Wars : Episode VII : The Force Awakens set to hit $ 500m on opening weekend .  $ 483m record set by final Harry Potter film in 2011 .  Disney and Lucasfilm working to drum up interest in scifi extravaganzat .  First time Han Solo , played by Harrison Ford , has been seen on film since 1983 's Return of The Jedi .  Second trailer released on Thursday
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season .  Jack Wilshere was photographed holding a shiskyha pipe during a night out in London .  Diego Maradona was banned for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine .  West Brom striker Saido Berahino was filmed inhaling ` hippy crack '  Kyle Walker was forced to issue an apology through Sportsmail
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken when doctors revealed his mother had just one hope for survival-a stem cell transplant .  The dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia .  Bobby tweeted : ` Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @ AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum , I will never be able to thank you enough '  Stars of TOWIE , Made in
Photographer Martin Beck has taken a series of gritty portraits of superheroes .  The Dubai-based artist of Scottish and South African heritage has created the series called We Can Be Heroes .  His subjects , including Captain America , Iron Man and the Green Lantern , have been pictured fighting crime for the past three years .  They have been living in the streets of the city , fighting crime
Andy Lee takes on Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday .  The Irishman is making the first defence of his WBO middleweight title .  He won the title against Matt Korobov last year .  Lee says it could be a ` technical fight ' or a ` fire fight '  He says the fight will just be the latest in a long line of fights .  He says he
Ed Miliband accuses the PM of ` ducking ' chance to defend his record .  Wants to explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways and spending pledges .  Cameron has pledged to find # 7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners .  Also promised to increase the NHS budget by # 8billion a year , while slashing welfare spending by # 12billion
Bush , 90 , fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath .  He joined Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. . Men 's Clay Court Championship in Houston , Texas .
Alexis Sanchez signed for Arsenal from Barcelona last summer .  The Chilean forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far .  Sanchez has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award .  Arsene Wenger 's side are currently second in the Premier League table .  Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla as a ` spectacular ' player .
Westley Capper , 37 , has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot in the upmarket Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus .  The overweight expat-who has never been publicly named-showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned .  Co-accused Craig Porter , 33 , also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing in Marbella .  The
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night .  It was the first time the Portuguese side had reached the quarter-finals of the Champions League since the 2008-09 season .
Whistleblower said it was ` madness ' that so much personal information was available to him and he had passed it to the Mail because he was worried about who else might have access to it .  Sequester is offering to sell information on people suffering from 43 different health conditions -- from skin problems to insomnia and migraines .  It also appears to offer details of which credit cards
Paul Parker 's expired passport was listed on eBay for # 5,000 .  The former defender played for Manchester United between 1991 and 1996 .  Parker made more than 100 appearances for United and won two league titles .  The seller described Parker as an ` ex-Manchester United and Chelsea legend '
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a $ 300m mega-fight on May 2 .  The fight is the richest fight in boxing history and is the biggest in the world .  The fight takes place at the Etihad Stadium in London .  It is the most expensive fight in the history of the boxing world .  It is believed to be the biggest ever paid for a fight between
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute as he fired past David Forde .  Jordan Rhodes doubled Blackburn 's lead in the third minute after coming on as a substitute to make sure of victory .  Millwall 's two leading scorers-Ricardo Fuller and Lee Gregory -- have just six apiece .  Rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference with two games
West Brom host Leicester City at The Hawthorns -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Craig Dawson is set to return after serving a one-match ban .  Ben Foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury .  Callum McManaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback .  Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester .  Baggies have won each of their last four competitive meetings
Bryan Santana of Orlando , Florida , has been charged with murder in the death of Shelby Fazio and her dog last October .  The pizza delivery driver allegedly wrapped a belt around her neck and stabbed her in the throat with a pen .  He then reportedly had sex with her corpse , killed and mutilated her dog and wrote messages in blood on the wall .  One of
Leonie Granger , 25 , targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino .  She used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants .  After going back to his flat she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get
Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters despite a 14-under-par total .  Rory McIlroy had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .  Rose is looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters .  The Northern Irishman has won three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .  Rose is hoping to follow the lead of Spieth
Gareth met Glen Rycroft , 37 , in a gay online chat room in 2005 .  Over the course of their relationship , he conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds .  When his lover got wind of his theft and deceit and threatened to go to the police , he killed him .  Gareth was killed at the age of 30 when he discovered his lover was conning him
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany hits back at FFP rulings .  Premier League champions were fined # 50million and ordered to operate with a # 49m transfer kitty .  City are debt-free , thanks to the wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour 's personal investment .  Manchester United splashed out # 150m on new talent in the summer .
Kyle Iveson , 24 , burst into Thorougoods store in Clitheroe , Lancashire .  He demanded cash from Karen Brown , the mother of his ex-girlfriend .  He tried to hide his identity by lowering his voice but she recognised him .  Mrs Brown , 54 , had a year-long relationship with Iveson for several years .  Mrs Brown said : ` All I want is my life back how
Boy , aged 13 or 14 , started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year .  Blog was called ` Killing Children ' and featured stories like ` Massacre ' , ` Thrown Under The Bus ' and ` Blood , Blood , And More Blood '  One section of the blog said : ` He tries to hold in a scream , but it
Toya Graham , a single mother-of-six , was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael , pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street .  She added : ` That 's my only son and at the end of the day , I do n't want him to be a Freddie Gray '  Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the
Caleb Benn , a Californian high school student , has developed a $ 4.99 -LRB- # 3.24 -RRB- app for iOS devices .  Called ` Uploader for Instagram ' , the app allows users to upload photos to the app directly from their computer .  An engineer from Facebook allegedly sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company 's terms of service .  The teenager is
Protesters opposing the $ 1.4 billion Thirty Meter Telescope are arrested after blocking a road leading to the summit of Mauna Kea in Hilo , Hawaii .  Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins , said Kealoha Pisciotta , an opponent of the telescope project .  The site is ideal location for one of the world
A man , said to be in his 20s , was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell station .  He bent down to pick up his bag from the platform and was rushed to hospital .  One man said : ` Just saw a poor guy get his head pretty much sliced off by the tube @ Stockwell as he bent over to get his bag . Poor
Ride Like The Wind was one of 34 colts which remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday , May 2 .  French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope to last year 's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit , who landed three Group One races in 2014 .  Gleneagles and Highland Reel , both trained by Aidan O ` Brien , lead the entries for the
Surveys found that men in U.S. . special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs .  They fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units .  Some of those concerns were not limited to men , researchers found , but also were found among women in special operations jobs .  One survey reflected doubts that
Lance Futch , 26 , drove to Hill Air Force Base last Friday thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the field of solar energy .  Instead , Futch was sat at a table with Obama , Utah Senator Orrin Hatch , congressman Rob Bishop , and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker .  The White
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
British man arrested as part of an operation against far-left militant group .  Members of the banned leftist group-known as the DHKP-C-took Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage .  Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .  Police had negotiated with gunmen for six hours before violent end to hostage situation .  Thousands of people attended last Wednesday 's funeral for the prosecutor .  He was
David Powell , 73 , was arrested after his mother 's body was discovered at her home .  She is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell , from Penkhull , Stoke-on-Trent .  Mr Powell is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today .
Annabel Beam , now 12 , fell 30ft down a hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011 .  She claims she ` went to heaven and sat in Jesus 's lap ' after the fall .  Mother Christy Wilson Beam said : ` She hit her head three times on the way down and this is consistent with the findings of an MRI scan '  Annabel survived the horrific fall with only
Leo Bernal , 8 , was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City , California , over the weekend .  Doctors had to open the child 's skull to extract the bullet , leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples .  ` My head kinda hurts right now , but I ' m OK with it , ` the
Tebow has n't played a snap in the NFL in over two years since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season .  The 27-year-old will wear No . 11 with the Eagles .  Tebow tweeted : ` Be kind to one another , tender hearted , forgiving each other , just as God in Christ also has forgiven you '
Louis Jordan , 37 , sailed out of a marina in Conway , South Carolina , on January 23 , and had n't been heard from since until a German boat saw him clinging to the hull of his sailboat on Thursday .  A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted him to a hospital in Norfolk , Virginia .  He was in good
The Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was at its helm .  The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it would n't return money it has already collected .  ` What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling .  The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity .  The school said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength , flexibility and balance .  About 30 families have opted out of the classes since they
Marcin Wasniewski , 34 , from Foleshill , Coventry , escaped death by millimetres .  The car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry .  The car ` literally embedded ' itself into the windscreen of the car .  Paramedics and firefighters were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided .  Since then , paramedics have
Dawn Williamson , 39 , was crippled by her 30-year snake phobia .  She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day .  Trapists Nik and Eva Speakman broke down Dawn 's fear with no-nonsense approach .  She was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python as it stretched out across her lap .  Today 's was the first time viewers have been able to see the
The Grade I listed Walton Canonry boasts a view of the River Avon , backing onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of Salisbury Cathedral From The Meadows .  The 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres is on the market now for # 6.95 million .  It 's nothing compared to the # 23.1 million that the Tate paid in 2013 for the
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month after she wrote a Facebook post claiming gays were behind an ` agenda ' to ` reengineer western civ into slow extinction '  A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville saying the teacher had been reinstated .  A pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception said in the letter that
Wakefield lost 80-0 to Warrington Wolves in First Utility Super League .  Coach James Webster said after the game he does not have enough players .  The Wildcats now face a Challenge Cup tie against Halifax on Friday night .
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibault Courtois was exceptional against Queens Park Rangers .  Courtois has struggled in recent weeks , including a goal against Hull on March 22 .  The Belgian has also faced criticism for failing to keep out Charlie Adam 's 66-yard strike against Stoke .  CourtLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Luxury hotel The Datai is located in the north west of the island of Langkawi .  Designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill , the resort took three years to complete .  It is in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest and is one of the world 's most beautiful .  It was designed by the likes of Doon Mackichan , Smack The Pony and Plebs star Doon .  The
Ron Ingraham , 67 , was on a routine trip from Molokai island , Hawaii , to Lanai , where he often fishes , when a storm knocked out his engine and pummeled his boat with 20-foot waves .  He eventually got weak and assumed he would die-and friends had already planned his funeral .  He was rescued by crew members on the guided-missile destroyer USS Paul Hamilton in December
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Loic Remy scored his second consecutive Premier League goal .  Jose Mourinho has praised the striker 's professionalism .  Remy also scored the decisive goal against Hull City before the international break .
Alastair Cook has had a winter 's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm .  England captain insists he is ` refreshed ' after the winter .  Cook has played three Caribbean Tests this month and then New Zealand .  England face the West Indies in the first Test on May 1 .  Cook made 79 in his last Test innings , part of a wide-margin and third successive victory
Sportsmail 's Road to Rio cyclist Becky James has been sidelined for a year .  The British cyclist has been out injured for a whole year .  James supported boyfriend George North during Wales ` Six Nations campaign .  Every week National Lottery players raise over # 33 million for arts , heritage , charity , community projects and grass roots sports clubs and facilities .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday .  Steven Gerrard 's 36th , and possibly last , appearance at Wembley .  Brazilian holds the unwanted record of playing more games without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years .  He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea
Judge Michael Maggio , 52 , made the comments on a Louisiana State University fan message board .  He initially pretended a friend had been the judge who oversaw Theron 's adoption hearing .  He said a ` judge friend ' had handled the adoption , before admitting that he was also involved in the case .  Theron adopted the boy , Jackson , from her native South Africa .
Nicole P . Eramo said in an open letter to the magazine 's publisher , Jann S . Wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends .  ` Using me as the personification of a heartless administration , the Rolling Stone article attacked my life 's work , ' Eramo wrote .  The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U . Va . after
Hot Dudes With Dogs is a new Instagram account created by writer Kaylin Pound .  It features men looking hot while posing with dogs .  Highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its owner 's sunglasses .  Other cute dogs , from boxers to Boston terriers , are pictured chilling with their owners , sometimes in bed , on the sofa , or even in the
Keith Cameron , 54 , scammed his dying friend out of # 476,864 in a complicated ruse .  He promised Speirs a # 2million return on his investment in just two years .  But it was all an elaborate lie and he was jailed for five years at Edinburgh Sheriff Court .  Cameron splashed out on a New York flat for his daughter and enjoyed a string of extravagant holidays
Liverpool have put a # 50million price tag on Raheem Sterling .  Chelsea , Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling .  Bale 's fee of # 75m and near # 300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines .  Bale may not agree to a return to any of the three Premier League clubs who can afford him .  The
There are apps that tell you where to get free cocktails to those that show you how to make the most of leftovers .  Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations .  Love Food Hate Waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys .  iFood plus , # 2.99 , iOS .  A complete shopping and meal planning
Robert Kushner , 32 , lost one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing .  He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest .
Ryan Mason made his senior England debut against Italy on Tuesday .  The 23-year-old was celebrating Tottenham Hotspur team-mate Andros Townsend 's equalising goal .  Twitter user @ Danorako compared the tattoo to a photograph of himself at 12 years old .  Mason played just six minutes in a 1-0 defeat by Bristol City in the Championship .
Jonas Gutierrez came in for his first start in 20 months .  The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer .  But he was Newcastle 's best player-not that he had much competition .
Raheem Sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week contract by Liverpool .  The 20-year-old has insisted he is not a ` money grabber '  Players ` chief Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling .  Taylor said : ` I do n't think it 's meant to be a sign of disloyalty to Liverpool '
The 3ft-wide hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi in north-western China .  Experts and media have flocked to the desolate mountain since it appeared a few weeks ago .  The heat blasting from the ` ring of fire ' has been measured at 792C -LRB- 1457F -RRB- from two metres away .  Some Chinese internet users have branded it a ` gateway to hell '
Kaka showed off an ` I belong to Jesus ' vest after AC Milan 's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007 .  The Brazilian midfielder , who is deeply religious , was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes .  I ca n't remember anyone saying that such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match .  It 's the same in
Dr Teresa Belton , 62 , is the author of Happier People Healthier Planet .  She says there are many simple things we can do to increase happiness .  These include inviting a lonely person out for a cup of tea , joining a community choir and hanging washing up outdoors .  Belton says it 's actually non-material things that support our wellbeing , like good relationships and a sense
Patrick Morrison raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007 , and after she told a teacher the following day , authorities performed a rape kit on her .  The case was re-opened in 2011 and Morrison was sentenced to 24 years .  He pleaded guilty to one count of child molestation and two counts of attempted child molestertion and was jailed for 24 years .  Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's
Lewis Ferguson 's double somersault horror fall from Merrion Square has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .  The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall .  Ferguson was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal .
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines .  She was a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance .  Barker had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo , Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club .  She did n't even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage .  It was David Shuff , who met Barker years ago when he
Kevin Blandford , 33 , from Louisville , Kentucky , won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace .  But his wife , Bonnie , was n't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter .  After posting the photos online Kevin wrote : ` Won a trip to Puerto Rico and could n't take my wife . Did n't have a single second of
George W . Bush , 68 , made rare remarks at meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas .  He said Obama 's plan to lift sanctions on Iran is not plausible and comes too early .  He noted that the country 's government and President Hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in .  Claimed that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran .  Said that the
Jose Alberto , 58 , was found dead next to a scarecrow in San Jose de Balcare , Argentina .  Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow .
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday , April Fools ` Day .  She was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol -LRB- NHP -RRB- trooper .  The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
Paula Duncan , now 62 , has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 .  Her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her .  The actress has revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression .  She said she felt like a bad mother , suffering a marriage breakdown , her mother 's death and her father 's suicide .  The actress is best known
Brandon Wyne , 17 , and Courtney Griffith , 18 , were pulled over for a broken tail light in Virginia .  When they approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car .  Wyne agreed to get out the car on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrives as he is a minor .
The five-day-old hippopotamus was flung into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male hippo .  The calf 's mother watched in horror as the hippo was dragged along the surface of the water .  It died hours later in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park , in South Africa .
Britt McHenry , 28 , was behind the mic covering NHL Stanley Cup playoff game .  She was suspended for one week after video emerged of her attacking single mother-of-three .  She tweeted : ` Back to work . Excited to be covering Caps-Isles today . Now that the suspension is over , I want to say again that I ' m so sorry for my recent hurtful actions `
Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs beat South Sydney Rabbitohs 18-17 at ANZ Stadium .  Referees , officials and players struck with projectiles by angry fans .  Fans threw plastic water bottles and abuse at them .  Canterbury coach Des Hasler has apologised on behalf of his club .  Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack as
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate on Sunday .  The Manchester City midfielder required eight minutes of treatment .  The 29-year-old was taken to hospital where tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture .  Vincent Kompany is out with a groin injury and might not be fit to the end of the season .
Almost half of French 18 to 25 years olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk -- compared to 33 per cent ten years ago .  The rise in binging is particularly high among young women , soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005 , to three times that number by 2015 .  France 's language watchdog the Academie Francaise has
Photographs taken with the very first ` secret ' handheld camera will go on display on Saturday at the State Library .  Arthur Syer , a 27-year-old man living in Sydney , took advantage of the first hand held camera , the Detective Camera .  The detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on Sydney streets .  This was the first time people
Earl Olander was found beaten to death in his home in rural Minnesota .  The 90-year-old was covered in cuts and bruises and had been ransacked .  Police have offered a $ 1,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest .  Neighbors have described him as a ` stand-up person '
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the west London derby .  John Terry played the full 90 minutes at Loftus Road .  Terry racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011 .  Terry was rarely troubled by Bobby Zamora and Charlie Austin .
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United 's resurgence .  Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play after being caught by Jermaine Blackwood .  Josh Meekings handball controversy has taken our game to a place it should n't go and Scotland 's biggest club are to blame .  Steven Gerrard turned in a poor display against Aston Villa , but Liverpool will
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey 's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago .  He was trapped in his burning SUV after it was T-boned by a semi-truck in 2011 .  The two men , now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic , worked to pull him out alive .  Their incredible story was shared after they both took part in a fundraiser for childhood
Georgia Davis , 22 , who weighs 55st , had to be lifted from her home in Aberdare , south Wales .  She is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food .  She is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people .  It is the second time in three years emergency services have been summoned to free her .  On
Former Blackwater guards Nicholas Slatten , Paul Slough , Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for their role in the 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others .  Defense lawyers argued for mercy but prosecutors said the men have never shown remorse or accepted responsibility .  U.S. . District Judge Royce Lamberth on Monday rejected a
Ukip leader Nigel Farage said it was a ` reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking .  He said his backers had to use their vote ` as wisely as they can ' , and urged them to do what they can to secure a referendum on the EU .  He said he is finding the election campaign ` knackering '
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The bout is billed as The Biggest Fight in History and tipped to gross more than # 300m .  The Filipino looked fresh and sharp as he shadow boxed at the Wild Card Boxing gym , just off Santa Monica Boulevarde in Hollywood .  The eight-division world champion must do what no-one has
Andy Jordan shot to fame as everyone 's favourite lothario on Made In Chelsea .  Now , he is hoping to make a name for himself as a fashion designer .  Has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear called Jam Industries .  Stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach , the closest surf school to London .  Andy , an avid surfer , also co-owns a
Micky Adams has left League Two side Tranmere by mutual consent .  The former Leicester manager has just two games of the season to play .  Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference after 3-0 defeat by Oxford .  Fans of the club have called for Adams to leave the club .
Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday .  Mesut Ozil has been in fine form since returning from injury .  The German playmaker posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog .  Ozil missed Arsenal 's last game against Newcastle through illness .  He will be expected to start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday .
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward , Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow killed .  Plane crashed near Bloomington , Illinois , shortly after midnight on Tuesday .  It was on its way back from NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin .  Ward tweeted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter with the words ` My ride to the game was n't bad '
Eight members of Columbia University 's College of Physicians have written an op-ed criticising Dr Mehmet Oz 's ` unsubstantiated medicine '  They said he should not be forced to leave his job ` in which he excels '  But they also said that his ` Ozisms ' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university .  They said that ` the weaknesses in -LSB- his -RSB- professional
Andrei Soldatov accused Edward Snowden of not being ` transparent '  He said he was being ` secretive ' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities .  Mr Snowden fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum .  The decision by Russian President Vladimir Putin was seen as a snub to US President Barack Obama at a time when relations between the two countries are strained
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones .  But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while having radiotherapy .  He asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still .  The five-year-old has been told he is cancer-free by doctors .
Prime Minister travelled to Glasgow this morning to unveil Tory Party 's manifesto .  Accused the SNP and Labour of posing a ` clear and present danger ' to Britain .  Claimed the two parties were pretending to ` slug it out ' ahead of next month 's poll .  But insisted they were working to ramp up spending regardless of the deficit .  Mr Cameron said Ed Miliband could
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading .  The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since March last year .  Gnabsry has been sidelined since March 2014 with a serious knee injury .  The Germany Under-21 international says he is feeling ` better and better ' all the time .
The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany 's gross domestic product .  The # 3.35 billion is also enough to pay the UK government debt 2,000 times over .  The error was spotted before the office attempted to debit the massive sum from the bank account of the woman , from the Schwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg .
Men , women and children living in the U.S. . were reunited with their deported relatives after the border gate to Mexico was temporarily opened on Sunday .  The steel gate at Border Field State Park in California , which was put in place in the mid-1990s , was unlocked for Children 's Day .  Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw
Number of teenagers getting straight As at GCSE has soared by a third in just five years .  One in 30 pupils who sat exams ended up with at least ten A grades .  In 2009 , the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791 .  This rose to 16,983 in 2010,18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012 .  Figures suggest Britain 's most able students
Pharaoh 's Palace promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres .  An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` Midsummer Night Wet Dream ' got its first noise complaint .  Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office and Code Enforcement .  Sean Grey , the mansion 's manager , was charged with violating the
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway , Oregon in August 2013 when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun and pulled the trigger .  The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her ` preparedness ' or that the gun was loaded with blanks .  Now , years after learning of the `
Carlton Cole 's West Ham contract expires at the end of the season .  Striker says Sam Allardyce does n't know if he 's even staying at Upton Park .  The Hammers boss 's future is also in limbo .  Cole has found first team opportunities limited in the second half of the campaign .  The 31-year-old says he is making contingency plans in case his career comes to an
Home Secretary said new legislation urgently needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ .  But , based on current polling , Parliament would be left deadlocked .  Situation is made especially acute by a ` poison pill ' inserted into emergency anti-terror laws passed last year .  If MPs cannot agree on a replacement , Britain 's spies will be unable to properly track communications of Islamic State and
J.M. . Giordano , a photojournalist for the City Paper , was allegedly beaten by police Saturday night as he covered protests in Baltimore , Maryland .  The 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30 am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer 's shield .  A video posted to the newspaper 's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot
First Minister said she would regard ` out ' vote in Tories ` proposed poll as justification .  Also said she intends to be in London on May 8 to lead SNP 's negotiating team .  ` If there are negotiations to be had I 'll be there , ' she said in wide-ranging interview .  She said she-not her predecessor Alex Salmond-would take charge of any talks .  SNP
Tim Sherwood is still in touch with Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy .  Levy sacked Sherwood as Spurs head coach at the end of last season .  Sherwood brought in Mauricio Pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's six-year relationship with the club at development level .  But Sherwood had nothing but praise for Levy and his former employers .  The Aston Villa boss took over at White Hart Lane on
The ex Bon Jovi guitarist , 55 , allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her , ' Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal .  Sambora is a ` person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal threats .  The rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and
Kelly Kreth , 44 , told Dailymail . com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind .  In order to make initial contact with the prisoners , she sent a postcard that had an image of her in a striped dress along with a note saying she thinks everyone lives in
Ruth Davison , 44 , is director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation .  She is a Labour party member and owner of a # 1million house in Islington , London .  In reality she has been one of the country 's biggest gainers from private property boom .
Jack Henry Doshay , 22 , appeared in court on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty .  He is the son of a prominent San Diego businessman and is accused of trying to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach , California on March 23 .  The girl , who has not been identified
An undergraduate student at Duke University has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree and is no longer on campus , university officials said Thursday .  The student was found early Wednesday in a plaza area at the heart of the campus .  The school is not identifying the student in question , citing federal education laws protecting student privacy .  The student will be subject to Duke 's
Investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan .  One of them set a fire in the parking lot of the Arcadia Palms apartment complex .  Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help .  The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside .  Police say it appears the fire was unintentional and accidental .  No criminal charges are
Audrey Pekin , 19 , says she was raped by a man on Christmas Eve in Bali .  Henry Alafu allegedly lured her to his remote home and raped her twice .  The pair began drinking together at the Bounty Bar in Kuta , before moving to the nearby Sky Garden to continue the night .  The 19-year-old says she felt unwell due to her type 1 diabetes .  She
National Bar Association is calling for Officer Clarence Habersham , 37 , to be arrested .  Slager , 33 , has been fired from North Charleston police and charged with murder .  He is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to Scott 's death .  Scott , a Coast Guard veteran , was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday .
Of 50 Dartmouth students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment , just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. . chief executive .  Twenty-two of the 50 students mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi , Libya as a black mark on Clinton 's record .  Many of them , like freshman Cameron Poole , were n't
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been compared with Eric Cantona for the second time in a few days .  Peter Schmeichel believes Manchester United should make a summer move for the Sweden international .  Jose Anigo says PSG striker would have been idolised at Marseille .  The former Marseille boss says the club 's former manager reminds him of Cantona .
Adam Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming .  The 26-year-old was an England prospect as recently as a year ago .  Johnson scored seven times in seven games during a run last season .  The former Middlesbrough striker was still a ` Johnson for England ' bandwagon .  Johnson left Middlesbrough for Manchester City in a # 7million deal
Hyperemesis gravidarum -LRB- HG -RRB- is a severe form of morning sickness .  It causes constant vomiting , crippling weakness and dehydration .  The Duchess of Cambridge has suffered the condition during both her pregnancies .  One in 100 expectant mothers in the UK are affected by the condition .  Marlena Fejzo , an associate researcher at UCLA , said link appeared to be due to lack of nutrition in
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the second half .  Troy Deeney doubled Boro 's lead in the third minute .  The Championship leaders have now lost four of their last five away games .  Aitor Karanka said : ` The players are completely destroyed but I am very proud of them . We have players who have come from League One and other teams in the Championship
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters .  They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system .  Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars .  Others show life on Europa and near Saturn-and a destroyed Earth .  The most striking image is the one of Earth seemingly destroyed and uninhabitable .  He said : ` I
George North has been ruled out of Northampton 's game against Clermont Auvergne .  The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes 's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin 's Gardens last Friday night .  The Wales and Lions winger has been sent to see a neurosurgeon .  The Saints have taken an encouraging step in response to fears about North 's
The 15-year-old girl was hit by a fast moving car in Warrilla at 1am on Wednesday .  She was flung into the air before appearing to land on her head .  The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road .  The girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital .  Witnesses have refused to come forward
Two swimmers stand oblivious to a giant hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off Destin , Florida .  A group of men standing on a penthouse balcony shouted at them to get out of the water .  The swimmers were forced to stick around to prove the danger .  Only three of the 11 known species of hammerhead are believed to be hostile to humans ,
Liverpool are interested in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile .  The Italian striker has struggled in Germany and is wanted by Liverpool .  Dortmund are expecting further departures with Manchester United keen on Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan .  Real Madrid have expressed interest once again in Marco Reus .  Arsenal have also checked on Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia .  Nemanja Vidic has struggled since moving to Italy with Inter
Craig Stoner , 24 , Darren Smalley , 35 , Joshua Finbow , 23 , and Simon Radford , 31 , were each charged with one count of sexual assault .  Alleged attack took place at military base in Shearwater , near Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Plane was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight from London to Cancun .  Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody .  Plane , carrying 278 passengers , was met by six police cars on landing .  Passengers were removed from the aircraft and taken into police custody .
Michael Duff will take on Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday .  The 37-year-old defender has played in eight different divisions .  Duff was told his career was over when he was 11 years old .  Duff has played for Cheltenham Town , Cirencester , Carterton Town , and Burnley .  He is the only man to appear in all eight top tiers of English football .  Duff is
More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the Gallipoli peninsula .  A formal ceremony begins to honour the diggers who fought and fell there a century ago .  Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , his New Zealand counterpart John Key , Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance .  Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU .  The 33-year-old has amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh .  He grew up in football-mad Bishopbriggs and only saw a rugby ball when he trained on a Tuesday and Thursday night at Allan Glen 's RFC .  But he has decided that his
` Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs .  He stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces '  Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with ` disgust '  To date the ` sushi challenge ' video has been watched more than 100,000
Insurgent actress Shailene Woodley has confessed to cooking the vibrant vegetable .  Gossip Girl actress Blake Lively says her mother taught her to slather mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering to avoid it drying out .  12 Years A Slave actress Lupita Nyong ` o combats her dry skin with avocado .  Scarlett Johansson has revealed she uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser .  Kate
Proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland , the Scottish Government 's health promotions agency .  The move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland .  If introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland than it is in the rest of Britain , where it is 18 .  Between 2002 and 2010
The 14-year-old is fighting for her life in Delhi 's Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns .  She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house to relieve herself .  Her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack .  On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene , according to NDTV .  Her brother , who doused her with water , said
The new YouTube Kids mobile app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising and should be investigated , a group of consumer advocates told the Federal Trade Commission in a letter Tuesday .  Google introduced the app in February as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content '  But the activists say the app is so stuffed with
Rory McIlroy met Brad Dalke at a junior event in South Carolina .  The pair agreed to an arm wrestle at the Sage Valley Golf Club in Graniteville , South Carolina .  The world 's No 1 golfer was impressed by the 17-year-old 's biceps .  ` Look at this ... No chance , ' he said as he took a knee .  Dalke will join Oklahoma University after graduating
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on the ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn .  Due to stand as an independent , Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before .  He won 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election-despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  Mr Carroll contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest .  The seat is the most marginal in England
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded .  Overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year , up from 4.9 m in 2014 .  Top country for illegal downloads was Brazil , followed by France and UK .  Top five TV shows illegally downloaded were The Walking Dead , Breaking Bad and House of Cards .
Hillary Clinton 's signature black conversion van - ` Scooby ' - hit 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89 , where the top speed limit is 65 .  No one in the motorcade displayed flashing lights or blasted a siren .  The Democratic Presidential front-runner 's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential Democrats on Monday .  Her
Martin Springall , 38 , photographed his daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi , Japan , in July 2014 .  He said he was living and working in Tokyo and wanted to send a picture ` to my wife , who was at work '  Mr Springall said he had ` no idea ' what the object could be .  Reddit user who posted the image suggested they
Study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed , on average , a week later than others .  Findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe .  Even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat .
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone .  Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world , due to privacy concerns , commercial rights and commercial rights .  He re-posted them under a new blog post : ` My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be
Zara Phillips withdraws from Rolex Kentucky three-day event .  The Queen 's granddaughter was due to make her debut at Kentucky Horse Park .  Phillips won silver in team Equestrian section at London 2012 .  High Kingdom suffered a cut leg and was withdrawn .
Spanish newspaper Mundo Deportivo report that an All-Star match has been proposed .  It would feature Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar .  ` Team South ' would feature La Liga , Serie A and Ligue 1 stars .  ` North ' team would include Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Sergio Aguero , Angel di Maria and Manuel Neuer .
The Qinghai to Tibet railway could be built ` at Nepal 's request '  It could include a tunnel under the world 's tallest mountain by 2020 .  The step is important politically as it shows Beijing 's growing influence in Nepal .  China regards the country as firmly within its sphere of influence .  Trains on any line to Kathmandu would probably have a maximum speed of 120 kilometres
Oleg Kalashnikov , a former member of the Ukrainian parliament , was found dead Wednesday evening .  The Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds .  It did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide .  At least six former Ukrainian government officials from Yanukovych 's time have died in various circumstances .
Liberal Democrats will vow to protect education budget from ` cradle to college '  Spending would rise per pupil -- with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years -- and also in line with inflation from 2018 .  Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7 .  He will claim the Lib Dems are now ` the party of
Benik Afobe has scored 28 goals this season-one behind Harry Kane .  Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 in the Skybet Championship on Good Friday .  Bakary Sako doubled Wolves ` lead from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Henri Lansbury .  Wolves boss Kenny Jackett 's side have won one of their last nine games .  Wolves have won just once in their last seven league games .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Two aviation fans set out to document the world 's airport codes .  Listing the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries , they explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms .  From unfortunate codes such as OMG and SUX to the funny LOL , there are some seemingly very random three-letter combinations around the world .  From JFK for John F . Kennedy International Airport in New York ,
Albert Roux has been winninging and dining a string of glamorous blondes .  He started stepping out with his wife of eight years , Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux , last year .  The coterie includes former flame , an artist , a hospitality manager and former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna .  The 41-year-old Ukrainian used to work at the Roux restaurant in Westminster .  But this has not stopped him
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , appeared before a judge on Friday night .  He was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering nine-year-old Chloe .  The schoolgirl killer did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally indicted .  He was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life .  He was on his way to England from Calais when
The 34-year-old reality star said that she is creating an ` archive ' of her most infamous designer outfits , which she stores in clear plastic bags .  The 22-month-old daughter will inherit her entire wardrobe when she gets older .  Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress which she wore to wed Kanye West in Florence , Italy , as the ` prize piece ' in her clothing collection .
The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China .  But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know of the famous playwright .  The airport could also be called ` Birmingham London ' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital .  A similar rebranding in China has attracted thousands of tourists
Nine Britons caught trying to cross into Syria are no longer welcome in Rochdale .  Comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey .  They include the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed , 21 .  Mr Danczuk said it was ` unacceptable ' that those who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home .  He added : ` Anyone who pledges
US researchers found living near congested roads can lead to ` silent strokes '  Small , sooty particles , mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions , alters the structure of the brain .  The microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting in Britain .  Silent strokes do not have any outward symptoms and the victim is usually
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori , a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest , and gathered strength as it tore across the world 's highest peak .  Half an hour after the initial quake , another magnitude-6 . 6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region .  18 people died , including four Americans , and 61 were injured .  Google executive Dan Fredinburg
Researchers stumbled across the ` screw ' after searching the Kaluga region after an asteroid strike occurred there in the 1990s .  They claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after X-raying it , believe there is another hidden screw ` inside the stone .  But more conventional scientists have not got a look at the stone , so have had to base their
Chloe the wombat is now one-year-old and lives at Taronga Zoo in Sydney .  She made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December .  She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas .  In an adorable video uploaded to Instagram , Chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of them .  When she 's
Disabled Alan Barnes was beaten by a drug addict outside his home .  The 67-year-old was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead .  The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler .  Mr Barnes , who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall , received donations from around the world .  The pensioner was able to
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston , Texas , on Friday following his release from Beijing 's No . 2 Prison .  He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior .  The 50-year-old doctor was detained in November of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on China 's oil industry .  At the
Six-storey building was due to be demolished when it collapsed today .  It was covered in scaffolding when disaster struck at 4pm this afternoon .  One worker suffered head injuries and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid .  He was the only casualty among 30 workers on site at the time .  It is just yards from where an underground cable fire tore through Holborn on April 1
The Oxford University Women 's Boat Race team were rescued from the Thames by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution .  Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox .  The sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford 's base .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford .  Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes .  Mario Balotelli tweeted : ` Yeeeees city @ aguerosergiokun ! ! ! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD ... Stand up and shut up '  Liverpool face Newcastle United on Monday night in the Premier League .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side have lost six of their last eight in all competitions .
Chelsea Clinton became the first daughter of the United States of America , she was just a twelve-year-old with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls .  Over the years , as Chelsea has grown up into an intelligent and elegant woman , her curls quickly began to fade .  In a candid interview with Elle magazine , Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her once-unruly mane .
Ellie Harrison has defended her image against criticism that she 's too ` Hollywood '  The 37-year-old said : ` You ' re hot one year but completely out of favour the next `  She added : ` I know next year someone will be hotfooting it . I accept that and I know that '  Her first appearance on the BBC show in 2011 she was told her flowing
In Australia , 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average looking , while just four per cent think they ` re worthy of the glowing epithet .  The global statistic was higher , with a staggering 96 per cent worldwide respondents answering ` average '  The beauty brand highlighted the survey results with a new video that shows women being faced with the choice of telling the world
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid 's 50 matches this season .  The # 86million man has been sidelined with a buttock muscle injury .  He missed La Liga matches against Levante , Barcelona , Granada , Granada and Atletico .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side beat Liverpool 3-0 at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night .  Bale 's team-mates have picked up a 100 per cent win record
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt allegedly booked out an entire floor of the five-star Hilton Malta while filming their upcoming film By the Sea .  The 410-room hotel on the waterfront of Portomaso boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the Mediterranean , a relaxation suite , two squash courts and a floodlit tennis court with coaching classes available .  Sydney 's Intercontinental hotel was the scene of
From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals , Serenata Flowers has a handy list of seven unlikely tips .  Tip number 1 : Keep your flowers well-groomed . Trim a half-inch of the lower stem so that water can be absorbed freely .  Do n't mix fruit and flowers as some fruits-particularly kiwis , apples and bananas-produce ethylene , which rots nearby plants
Celtic manager Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge of the Bhoys were mentally tough .  The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the manager of the club .  Deila said : ` People are insecure and that 's a hard time for the coach and the players '  Deila was asked if he was ready to manage a club like Celtic .
Periscope , Twitter 's new iPhone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet , launched a week ago today .  Early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology , which claims on its website that it is ` the closest thing to teleportation '  App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app 's various ` land mines
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the Toffees .  But England coach Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old .  Barkley impressed after coming off the substitutes bench in England 's 1-1 draw in Turin .  Martinez said : ` When he has a bad game it 's the end of the world '  Romelu Lukaku will face a fitness test on the hamstring injury that kept
The unnamed woman dumped her cheating boyfriend 's iMac , iPhone , iPad and accessories in the bath tub .  She took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi , and sent them to him .  The man , also from Japan , Tweeted the pics to his account @ foolishnessfly2 .  Retweeted more than 15,400 times , the response has been mixed .  @ babysdoc hailed it as ` the best
Red Cross has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen .  Coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi ` ite Houthis .  UN last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting .  It called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .  But hopes of getting
A man dressed as a woman robbed a petrol station in Watervale , Victoria .  He entered the station just before 7.30 pm and demanded the money from the till .  He pulled out what appeared to be a fake machine gun from his bag .  The terrified shop assistant opened the till to give the robber the cash .  Other customers were in the store at the time of
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events .  The 33-year-old shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge 's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call .  The nurse Jacintha Saldana took her life two days later , blaming
Paul McGowan has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order .  He will miss two games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest .  The 27-year-old was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at Airdrie Sheriff Court .  As a St Mirren player he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and a one-year supervision order in January 2014 after admitting
Leicester City are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the Premier League .  Esteban Cambiasso has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career .  The Argentinian midfielder says keeping Leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .  The Foxes have not won a game since January .  They face West Ham United at Upton Park on Saturday .  The former Real
Simon Cowell travelled to Leatherhead , Surrey , to rescue the young fox cub .  The fox had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free .  Mr Cowell , who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Surrey , set up the cub 's location in his car .  The cub is clearly distressed and spits at the wildlife expert 's incoming hand
The Australian-born Royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in Copenhagen .  The 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves .  Mary 's attendance at the Anzac Day commemorations came days after her comments in a televised interview about dealing with loneliness .  She spoke of feeling
Reid said he is ` over ' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year 's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised .  ` Right now , I ' ve had 11 hours of surgery . They ` ve tried . I ca n't see out of my right eye . And that 's okay , I can live with
Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saison is a Michelin-starred restaurant in the Chilterns .  The in-house cookery school was opened in the 15th Century manor house in Oxford .  The restaurant has held two Michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years .  The chef 's mother is a huge fan of Raymond Blanc and once admitted he could be her Mastermind .  The restaurant 's seven-course taster
Micha Stunz , 45 , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 -- 9.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg , he claims .  He has a kitchen scale , which shows up to 6.6 lb , has n't been enough for a while .  The silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and make sex much more difficult for him .  He cannot
The new collagen-laced brew was created by Japanese liquor company Suntory .  It boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of Colllagen per can .  Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful .  As it gets older , the body 's reserves of colligen deplete , causing skin
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart 's 8,463 runs to become England 's second highest Test run-scorer .  West Indies ` last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel added an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by a welcome burst of wickets from Stuart Broad .  Broad bowled beyond 90mph for the first time since returning from surgery .  Broad claimed three wickets for 19 when
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's father Mark is acting as his representative .  Calum Chambers is on the books at Cassius Sports Management .  Danny Welbeck has long been looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne .  Jack Wilshere 's dad Andy remains the major influence on his son 's career .  Fabio Capello is yet to respond to the letter backing Greg Dyke 's campaign to boost home-grown talent .
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning .  One person was later arrested in connection with the grisly discovery , authorities said .  The remains are believed to belong to one person , whose death is being treated as a homicide .  Surveillance footage led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in
The 12-cabin-high structure is located about 130 miles from Anchorage , Alaska .  It was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire cleared the valley of trees .  New owners are now renovating it to withstand the heavy winds .
Floyd Mayweather Jr takes on Manny Pacquiao in the most eagerly awaited fight of the century .  The fight will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night .  It is the most anticipated fight in boxing 's history .  It 's not quite the struggle between light and darkness that Pacqueao 's supporters would have you believe .  But in sport 's spoiled , sycophantic
Small plane reported missing around 30 miles east of Oban this afternoon .  Lifeboats and helicopters scrambled near Loch Etive , about 30 miles from Oban .  Search and rescue operation launched in Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass .  Plane was travelling from central Scotland to Tiree when it went missing .
Mike Tindall watched his horse finish third in the National at Aintree .  Monbeg Dude is now 10 and ` likes to do things at his own pace '
Melbourne sisters Jess , 22 , and Stef , 27 , have teamed up with New York company ` Print All Over Me '  The pair have been working with Buffalo shoes , the brand behind the Spice Girls ` trademark platforms .  The sisters have over 111,000 followers on Instagram .  They are set to launch new shoe line ` Twoobs ' in LA in the summer .  The
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School , in Houston on Tuesday .  The mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter .  The video , which was posted online , has now been taken down .  The Harris County Sheriff 's Office and Harris County District Attorney 's office are now
Eight-year-old boy was hospitalised after ` sleeper ' prank went wrong .  He was suffocated until he passed out and is expected to make full recovery .  Police in Manchester have now issued a warning to parents over the prank .  ` Sleeper ' involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut until they black out .  The child is believed to have underlying health problems , police
Wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the U.S. . for the first time in over a century .  The native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago .  The land mammals were imported from Canada to the Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed .  The state and federal governments agreed to consider the wood bison as ` experimental
Senator Bob Corker , a Republican from Tennessee , said on Sunday that congressional oversight ` does n't mean there wo n't be a deal '  The 62-year-old said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan , including any classified annexes , before voting on it .  He said that Congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement with Iran is essential to help
Adam Johnson , 27 , has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming .  He is due to appear at Peterlee Magistrates ` Court on May 20 .  The Premier League winger is the father of a three-month-old daughter .  He was arrested on March 2 at his # 1.9 m home in Castle Eden , near Hartlepool .  He
The female , named Varvara , swam 14,000 miles -LRB- 22,500 km -RRB- from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico .  Experts used satellite-monitoring tags to track three Western North Pacific gray whales from their primary feeding ground off Russia 's Sakhalin Island across the Pacific Ocean and down the West Coast of the US to Baja , Mexico .  They found she
terraced property in Snodland , Kent , was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in November 1915 .  Couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters , Freda , Hilda and Gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom .  They bought it 40 years later for # 350 and passed it to Freda when they died .  Their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandparents
Reanne Evans is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the World Championship .  The 29-year-old has won 10 women 's world titles .  She faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying on Thursday .
Vin Los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world .  The Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model that showcases his extensive body art .  The ads , which feature Vin posing in boxer briefs , put his tattoos on full display , spotlighting phrases like ` scream my name
The family of Stephanie Scott 's accused murdered have offered their condolences .  Vincent Stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering the 26-year-old teacher .  Ms Scott was killed on Easter Sunday and dumped her body in bushland .  Mr Stanford 's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday .  Ms Scott is survived by her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley .  A memorial service for Ms Scott
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis .  The average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night .  Professor David Hillman recommends 20 minute power naps to avoid falling into deep sleep and suffering from inertia .
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world .  Despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins .  Identicals also share the same blood group , the same hormones , and the same serum proteins .  They are alike in heart rate , blood pressure , brain waves , respiratory rate and digestive process .  Hospitals in America in the past
Former TOWIE star , 24 , unveils summer range full of pastel prints .  Says she 's ` really proud ' of her new range .  Full of smart workwear with a ` fun spring edge '
Rory McIlroy shot a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place .  The world No 1 is yet to win The Masters at Augusta National .  Jordan Spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory .  The 21-year-old won the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career .
Olsi Beheluli was a member of a gang responsible for selling class A drugs .  The 24-year-old enjoyed living the ` high life ' with the money he made .  He claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess .  He was jailed for a total of 31 years for conspiring to supply Class A drugs .  Officers raided the gang 's ` stash house ' in
Vanilla Ice , whose real name is Robert Van Winkle , appeared .  in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge .  perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the .  estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $ 1million home in Lantana , Florida .  The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star , who famously rapped that
Women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with Ross Poldark .  But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market .
After Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 , the organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire .  Once the animals are done in the ring , they 'll be taken to the Ringling brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed , 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida .
Illinois Rep . Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with the Family Defender Toolkit .  The two-page booklet details President Obama 's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals -LRB- DACA -RRB- and DAPA policies .  Critics of the card say that it encourages a false sense of security in immigrants who are in the country illegally and that
Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International Airport , in Pakistan , is often cited as the worst in the world .  But there are a surprising number of complaints about well-known hubs .  LAX is America 's second busiest airport in terms of passengers handled each year .  In the latest Skytrax World Airport Awards , LAX crept into the top 100 , making 98th place from a previous position of 102
Aaron Cresswell has impressed during his first season in the Premier League .  City are desperate to add to their quota of English players .  The 25-year-old is on a five-year deal at Upton Park .  Tottenham 's Danny Rose is also on City 's radar for the left-back role .
Chinese designers have developed the Bike Washing Machine .  It contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel .  When ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate .  A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use .  Students at Dalian Nationalities University are now building a prototype .
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The fight is expected to be the richest fight in boxing history .  The mega-fight is being dubbed as the richest in boxing .  CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
The England cricket team 's involvement with Allen Stanford has been defended by West Indies cricket legend Sir Curtly Ambrose .  Stanford 's deal with England England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence , just one $ 20million T20 game into the contract .  New ECB president Giles Clarke did not want to discuss the Stanford legacy saying it was a long time ago .  Michael Vaughan
Katrina Maddox , 23 , gave birth in the back of an ambulance on the A47 in Norfolk .  Her son Reuben , two , was delivered by his dad , Peter Maddox , 30 , in the same way .  Reuben was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his father 's .  ` I did n't even know I was in labour with my first
Chelsea Bruck , 22 , was last seen in Frenchtown Township , Michigan , on October 26 .  Investigators and volunteers had been searching for her since she disappeared .  The medical examiner 's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the remains .  The body was found on a 13-acre property close to train tracks in Ash Township .  Police said the killer likely ` was familiar
Matthew Hall , 25 , harassed young women in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  He climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in the fashionable district .  Asked when confronted ` am I scaring you ? ' and ` you ' re dead sexy-can I come in ? `  In one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept , making off when she switched the
Ben Flower admitted that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia .  The Wigan Warriors forward was the first man to be sent off in the Grand Final .  Flower was handed a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league .
The two-storey hospital outpatient building in Henan Province , China , was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project .  Hospital bosses decided to save time and money and employed a team of engineers to put ` wheels ' on the building .  The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to `
Eva Kor , 81 , publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week .  She called for prosecutions of former SS officers to end .  Mrs Kor 's co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial .  They said : ` We cannot forgive Mr Groe 's participation in the murder of our relatives '  They added : ` If she did `` these prosecutions must stop
Jay Kantaria , 38 , jumped onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station in north-west London .  He had been looking forward to daughter 's birthday party when he leapt .  Coroner said there was ` doubt ' as to his intention when he jumped as train passed .  London School of Economics graduate died instantly of ` a severe traumatic brain injury '  Coroner : ` The gentleman had just
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday .  The pair played in Manchester United 's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday .  Both played for Sporting Lisbon and Benfica before joining in the summer .  The # 200,000-a-week defender had an affair with fitness instructor Sarah Watson .
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops in Grangetown , Cardiff .  They read : ` Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah '  The full message on the poster reads : ` Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK '  Cardiff Council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed .
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous .  Shakira , Ronnie Wood and restaurateur Giuseppe Cipriani are said to have escaped the spotlight by holidaying in the sleepy backwater .  Punta del Este , about 85 miles east of Montevideo , was soon known as the Miami of South America .  With an area of 68,000 square miles , Uruguay 's
John Terry reveals his PFA Team of the Year picks on Instagram .  Phillipe Coutinho , Harry Kane and Juan Mata named in Terry 's XI .  Chelsea captain has not been on losing side to Liverpool in three games this season .  Tottenham 's Harry Kane named Young Player of Year by Youssouf Mulumbu .  Jose Fonte , Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand left Stamford Bridge for St Mary
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children 's songs .  Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to accompany The Queen for the performance .  The Queen was 64 at the time and Margaret 59 .  Unfortunately , the unique recording was lost following the Queen Mother 's death in 2002 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Ollie Devoto and Semesa Rokoduguni scored tries for Bath .  Anthony Watson 's try from the stroke of half-time earned Bath a 19-13 lead .  Matt Banahan scored a bonus point for the visitors at Kingston Park .  Bath are now six points behind Premiership leaders Northampton in the table and four above third-placed Saracens .  Newcastle responded with a Sinoti Sinoti try but Bath could not hang on to
Manny Pacquiao has directed and performed in a music video .  The ` I ' m fighting for Filipinos ` music video shows his poverty-stricken homeland .  The boxer will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat Floyd Mayweather .
Harry Kane will be in Gareth Southgate 's squad for the tournament in the Czech Republic .  Tottenham striker scored just minutes into his England debut last week .  Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane his blessing to play for the U21s .  Kane is set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer .
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 .  LeBron James added 20 points in Cleveland 's first post-season game .  Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in first-round playoff series opener .  Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92 .  Memphis Grizzlies beat Houston Rockets in Houston on Tuesday night .  Houston Rockets beat
An eerie serenity pervades the rolling landscape of Gallipoli , Turkey , where in the World War I there were nearly 400,00 Allied casualties .  In the early hours of today , 25 April 2015 , a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment when Allied troops landed at Anzac Cove to commence the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign .  Thousands of visitors from the UK , Australia ,
Eric Carter , 21 , and Stephanie McCassin , 24 , have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving him a bath .  The child 's grandmother and primary caretaker , Mary MacDonald , reported seeing the parents in the bathroom on Dec . 4 .  She found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 .  His record of 36 league goals for the season overtook Lionel Messi 's 32 .  The Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe 's top five leagues .  There are nine teams in the Barclays Premier League who have managed fewer goals than Ronaldo has this season .  He has scored six goals in
Swansea take on Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday .  Garry Monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on Everton 's season .  But he is determined to stop his former manager Roberto Martinez profiting at his old club .  Everton have won their last three matches in the Premier League .  Vandals have defaced the outside of Good Everton Park with ` Martinez Out ' and
Lesley Jonathon Cameron has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years for the December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara .  Cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead .  A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident , The West Australian
Edinson Cavani has rejected reports he does not get on with Zlatan Ibrahimovic .  Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair 's relationship .  The former Napoli forward insists he has a respectful relationship with the Sweden international .  PSG beat Marseilles 3-2 at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday .
Texas A & M professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester .  In the email he claimed students cheated in class and participated in ` inappropriate conduct '  ` None of you , in my opinion , given the behavior in this class ,
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Italy than the Premier League .  Tevez has 36 league goals in the Italian top flight since leaving England .  The former Manchester United and City striker has scored 25 times for Juve this season .  Tevez blasted Premier League midfields as ` non-existent '
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom .  Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with the England Under 21 striker .  The England striker is likely to be away with Gareth Southgate 's England under 21 side in the Czech Republic until late June .  The 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in Champions League football .  He shares
Serena Williams beat 12th seed Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 .  World No 1 won the final 10 games in a one-sided final .  Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win .  The American won her eighth Miami Open title in 14 years .
Daniel DeMarco , 28 , was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45 pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia .  He is employed as an officer for the New Milford , New Jersey , police department .  He was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI .
The IRS ` overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services .  For those who were n't disconnected , only 40percent actually got through to a person .  Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday .  The agency 's budget
` As a family we always support each other 100 per cent and I know that I see things online that there is this divide and this one does n't support this and you know it 's a divide , ' the 34-year-old beauty told E ! on Friday afternoon .  ` Yes , we will be all watching as a family tonight , ' she said during a Variety
No Man 's Land Fort is one of three guarding the entrance to the Solent , just off the coast of the Isle of Wight .  It was the first fort in England to use hydraulic power to move the guns in horizontal and vertical planes for targeting and the first to be lighted throughout with electricity .  It was in active use by the military up to 1957-housing anti-aircraft
Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current # 90,000-a-week deal .  The England winger has attracted interest from Liverpool and Manchester City .  Walscott is set to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight .  The 26-year-old will wait to discover how he fits into Arsene Wenger 's plans before making a decision on his future .
James and Hope Ben Canaan left the Gloriavale Christian Community .  The community is located at Lake Haupiri on New Zealand 's West Coast .  It is home to around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject the outside world .  The family fled some 300km south to the town of Timaru , around 320km away .  The family 's father accepted a farm
The United States ` National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies .  At its peak in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .  Only James River , Beaumont and Suisun Bay remain today .  Today , just over
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from ` 90s television sitcom ' The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air `  The clip , which features Jesse and Jesse Meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube .  He is the great-great-grandson of Oregon pioneer Joseph Lafayette Meek .
Council will now offer up to # 200,000 to candidates , rather than the # 160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber .  He left in December after a report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period .
Arsenal may pull out of the running to sign Raheem Sterling .  Liverpool winger is stalling on a new # 100,000-per-week contract at Anfield .  Arsene Wenger has condemned the likes of Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny over smoking incidents .  Manchester City , Manchester United and Chelsea are monitoring Sterling 's contract talks closely .
Richie Benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities .  He was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC .  Benaud took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs , with three centuries , and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice .  He was also the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man .  The young man , thought to be an Adelaide Power fan , was approached by the man .  The man reportedly ` got in his face ' yelling ` Hey Clarko , how was the win today brother ? '  The incident took place in the hours after the Hawks ` narrow loss to Port Adelaide .
Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County , Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas / Fort Worth for the next several hours .  More than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud forming over Stephenville , 70 miles southeast of Fort Worth .  Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of ` complete destruction
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet .  The 38-year-old boxer is putting his unbeaten record on line when he takes on Manny Pacquiao on May 2 .  Muhammad Ali 's daughter Rasheda Ali said he ` really likes ' Manny Pacqueao .
Wylie Brys , 5 , was digging for fossils with his dad , Dallas zookeper Tim Briess , in September at a construction site near a Mansfield , Texas , grocery store .  The pair had been finding fish vertebrae , but when Wylies came back with the bone , Bryie asked him to take him to where he found it .  Now , scientists from Southern Methodist University have
Breakfast TV queen has revealed the secret to her trim new look .  The 55-year-old has been attending Zumba classes up to four times a week .  Zumba is a fitness programme , combining Latin and international music .  The classes vary in price , but average at about # 5 .  She said : ` Maxine 's changed my life . I have more energy now and that helps
Outspoken British comedian Russell Brand has appealed to his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the campaign to save the duo from facing death row .  He labels the pair 's efforts to import 8kg of heroin as ` daft '  The pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as ` Execution Island ' in Java .  ` These Aussie blokes are going to be killed
Sunday marks the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War in Santa Barbara d ` Oeste , Brazil .  Thousands turn out every year , including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who , enticed by the Brazilian government 's offers of land grants , settled here from 1865 to around 1875 .  They ` re joined by country music enthusiasts ,
Three cars collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway , 2km south of Fernvale .  A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter .  Six others-including an infant and two young girls-have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .  The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off ,
Daniel Agger has been accused of elbowing Mattias Jorgensen .  The incident occurred during Brondby 's goalless draw with FC Copenhagen .  The incident was not seen by match officials .
Incident happened in Pagma Nagar , in Bhiwandi City , a suburb of Mumbai .  Boy suffered 30 per cent burns to his body and managed to escape .  Case has been registered under section of Indian Penal Code .
West Ham are the first Premier League club to reduce season ticket prices .  Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by a long time .  The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium next year .  The club 's cheapest adult season ticket for the campaign will cost # 289 .
Emily Ratajkowski , 23 , shot to fame as the half-naked star of Robin Thicke 's Blurred Lines video .  Since then , she has become an object of desire for men worldwide .  The American model and actress swears by hiking , yoga and occasional indulgence .  Revealed that she loves a good cupcake sometimes and a croissant in the morning .  Branded Fausto Puglisi dress from the designer
Britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels .  If you love the Mulberry Bayswater tote , but wince at the eye-watering price tag , you can pick up a looky-likey from Next .  Karen Kay , fashion and retail commentator , says one of Next 's greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends that will
Derry Mathews beat Gyorgy Mezei Jnr on March 6 .  Abril withdrew ahead of the original date of March 6 .  Mathews may still fight for the WBA lightweight title in his home city .
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a # 4.5 million deal .  But deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of Romero 's ownership rights .  Dick Law has flown to Argentina to resolve the issues .  The 16-year-old has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi .
Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay .  The suspension follows a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February .  Hardy was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend , Nicole Holder , and threatening to kill her .  The five-year NFL veteran was found guilty by a district court judge in July but appealed the verdict and was
Alvaro Arbeloa , Asier Illarramendi and Nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of Real Madrid 's training complex .  The trio were given 24-hour access to the club 's state-of-the-art HQ .  Players have a room where they can shoot hoops , play games consoles and relax .  There are also communal suites where Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time .
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto .  It is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough .  Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like , ` I hate the homeless , I do n't feel sorry for you . If you want change let me through it at you
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .  Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream .  Research into shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for Bulgaria , which is
Marc Carn , 29 , disappeared during stag do in Barcelona on Saturday night .  Father-of-four had been drinking with ten friends near to Las Ramblas .  He failed to turn up for his flight back home from the Spanish city .  His worried family contacted the Foreign Office in a bid to track him down .  They said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday .  Rio Ferdinand believes that Louis van Gaal 's decision to return Wayne Rooney to his favoured attacking role has led to United 's upturn in performance levels .  Ferdinand also pointed to the return of Michael Carrick and Marouane Fellaini .  United have only lost twice in the league in 2015 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest
Researchers from Germany , Canada and the U.S. . analysed answers to the Hitler question , and others like it , from 6,100 people .  They found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing .
Amanda Oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of Periscope , Twitter 's new live broadcasting platform .  She has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched .  The art graduate films her every move and interacts with strangers for hours at a time .  She 's only been online for 29 days and has had little competition from
Chef Ally Lees , of Alfie Bird 's restaurant in Birmingham , created the beastly dish .  It is three-foot in circumference and contains a whopping 945g of protein .  It was made to order using 150 fresh eggs-and contains 12,000 calories .
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. . in response to customer feedback .  The decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales .  The sweetener , which is about 200 times sweeter than sugar , is widely used to sweeten diet sodas .  It is used by rival Coca-Cola Co in its drinks such as Diet Coke
TV presenter said her sister , Debbie , managed to contact family to say she was safe .  She said : ` I can barely speak . I ' m still quite numb . It 's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal `  Debbie , a scuba-diving instructor , had not yet reached Everest Base Camp .  Quake struck on Saturday , killing more
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity .  It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up .  One interesting aspect is that the rover 's tracks cannot be seen .  This may be due to the Martian weather .  It is the first time this year Nasa has spotted the robotic companion on the red planet .  The rover is the size
Joy Webb , 17 , asked her 80-year-old ` Poppa ' James Drain to prom because he never got to attend his own prom .  Drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at age 17-just in time to be shipped off to serve in the Korean War .  Webb asked her principal for permission , and he agreed to make
Dane Bowers , 35 , is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee , 31-year-old Sophie Cahill .  The former Another Level star , of no fixed address , was charged with common assault .  Accused of hitting her in front of her son in February , causing a bloody nose .  Bowers is due to appear before magistrates in London next month .
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup first leg .  Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the Blues with an impressive right-footed shot .  Dominic Solanke equalised for Manchester City just before the end .  The pair 's records for the season stand like this : Abraham -LRB- 35 -RRB- and Solankes -LRB- 35 goals -RRB- .  It was the most high-profile meeting of England 's two
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2 .  The mega-fight will become the biggest pay-per-view fight of the century .  It could see the two fighters pocket astronomical sums .  Sports Interaction have put together all the big numbers to find out who will earn what .  The average payout for the top 10 fighters stands at $ 22.4 m -LRB- # 14m
Ramon C . Estrada , 62 , was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday .  He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison 's treatment center , but a technician did n't show up on Friday or Saturday .  The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysi for the prison .  Six
Chancellor said Labour had ` form ' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance .  Said Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance after May 7 .  He said they would ` do it all again ' if given the chance of May 7 .  David Cameron will say there is just one month to save Britain from ` disaster ' of a government
Student Ranajit Roy captured the cute moment in Bengaluru , India .  The 19-year-old said he was in the right place at the right time .  The Indian palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka .
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named ` flexible hours '  Labour said the ` Marie Antoinette ' moment by the Work and Pensions Secretary .  Aides to the minister stressed that job satisfaction and work-life balance were similar to other workers .  Some 60 % of people on zero-hour contracts do not want more hours , they said .  Ed Miliband today launched party 's manifesto for
Dr Ram Manohar , 38 , of Barnston , Wirral , has denied four counts of sexual assault .  A & E consultant is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 .  Nurse A said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays .  He said : ` He smacked me on the bottom quite hard and said to me , `` you bad girl
Ukip leader said ` millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe over the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now .  He insisted the UK could not take more than ` a few thousand ' genuine refugees .  Comments came as experts warned up to 30,000 migrants , including 2,500 children , could be killed this year unless the crisis is tackled .
Justin Whittington , 23 , was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield , California , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online .  His charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 .  The video shows a toddler being approached by a man believed to be his father .
The Apple Watch Sport has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be ` resistant to scratches and impact '  In a video , TechRex drops the 42mm timepiece from a height of four feet -LRB- 1.2 metres -RRB- .  It survived unscathed despite a nasty ` crack ' noise when the timepiece hit the pavement .  However , when it landed on its face , it smashed instantly
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters on Sunday .  The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta .  Nicklaus believes it is time for the ` young guys to take over '  He said : ` I think Jordan is a great person-just as I think Rory McIlroy is-to carry the mantle for the game of golf '
Sam Allardyce 's West Ham face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday .  The Hammers are currently in 10th place in the Premier League .  City have suffered a terrible run of form since winning promotion back to the top flight .  But they are now in a battle to stay ahead of Liverpool in the race for Champions League qualification .
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round on Wednesday night .  John O ` Sullivan is ineligible to play because he was on loan at Barnsley .  The 21-year-old was recalled from Barnsley when the first tie was played .  Gary Bowyer says it ` does n't make sense ' that he ca n't use the midfielder .  The Blackburn boss wants to include the midfielder in
Shannon Hayes , 12 , believes her pet hen has laid the smallest chicken egg .  The egg , which measures just 1.8 cm in length , is smaller than a five pence piece .  It was laid in Capel Iwan , Carmarthenshire , by a hen called Muffin .
Rose Devereux , 49 , was left in agony after years of alleged incompetent treatment .  She had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts .  She also suffered 50 per cent bone loss because of untreated gum disease , wrongly placed implants , and teeth that had fractured in half .  The General Dental Council has investigated the work of Janakan Siva .  He will now go
The Church of England 's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of Bath 's 45 °C spring water to power a modern heating system for the building .  Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground .  They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of ` animal therapy '  The dog can provide companionship for the child , as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and ` brightness ' to the household .  It can make family outings or even a quick trip to the shops possible where a child
Ed Miliband said it was ` not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next .  Labour government would give workers the right to demand a ` regular contract if they do regular hours ' after three months .  It comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract
Liz Clark , 34 , left her home in San Diego , California , when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat .  She promised to document her travels on a sailboat after being inspired by a retired professor .  Dr . Arent H . Schuyler , 80 , was looking for someone to sail his boat around the world .  Liz , who studied Environmental Studies at the University
Binky has been in the cast of Made In Chelsea since 2011 when it first started .  She is known for her simple but chic looks and her love of statement eye make-up .  The 24-year-old has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox as they launch their new MySymmetry customisable series to share some insider tips .  This includes picking out the perfect tailored jacket or some statement jewellery
Leicester have won seven of their last seven Premier League games .  The Foxes will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea and Burnley fail to win at Everton .  They also have to face relegation rivals Sunderland and Burnley away .  Sean Dyche is not taking anything for granted in the chase for survival .  Everton boss Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness
Kaitlyn Granado , 24 , is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving , Texas .  She was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old pupil .  Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also 15 , also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January .  The abuse came to light after a school
New England Patriots will host Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10 .  The NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night .  The New York Giants and Dallas Cowboys will also play .  Seattle Seahawks will play the St Louis Rams in their opening game of the season .  The Green Bay Packers will take on the Chicago Bears on Thanksgiving night .  This season will also
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday .  Paul McGinley , Europe 's Ryder Cup captain , says the world No 1 has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport .  He says winning at all costs and to hell with the consequences is just not his style , unlike Chelsea 's ruthless manager Jose Mourinho .
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey , 27 , was awarded the VC at Windsor Castle .  He braved heavy gunfire to rescue a wounded US Marine in Helmand in August 2013 .  The Queen told him : ` I do n't get to give this one out very often . Did you ever imagine you 'd be standing here ? Well done '  L / Cpl Leakey said he was `
Inter Mancini has cancelled his players ` day off and ordered them into training .  Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday .  Mancini was furious at his side 's attitude during the game .  Inter confirmed on their website that the first team had trained at 8 : 30 a . m . local time .  They were watched by club vice-president
David Cameron and Boris Johnson were left stumped by the puzzle .  They were at Advantage day nursery in Surbiton to promote Tory pledge to double free childcare for working parents of three and four-year-olds to 30 hours a week .  Mr Cameron tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands .  The London Mayor told him : ` If in doubt , wedge it in '  The pair
More than two dozen babies recently born to surrogate mothers are being airlifted out of Nepal to safety in the wake of Saturday 's devastating 7.8-magnitude earthquake .  Several babies-and some wounded people-were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country 's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning .  The plane had previously delivered doctors to Nepal to aid rescue efforts .  In Israel the procedure is
Amal Clooney , 37 , appeared before reporters at the National Press Club at 10am Thursday , accompanied by Laila Ali , the wife of the jailed politician , and Jared Genser , the founder of the organization Freedom Now .  Nasheed , the Indian Ocean archipelago 's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 , was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery last month .  The 29-year-old was admitted to Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali , Mexico , on March 20 .  She was on holiday with her boyfriend when she died on the same day .  The clinic attempted to convince her boyfriend to have her body cremated before an official autopsy could be conducted .  The family of the Australian tourist
Nigel Jackson , 59 , is accused of murdering his wife in Alvor , Portugal .  Body of Brenda Davidson , 72 , was found in a shallow grave outside her home .  At the time he claimed she committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer .  But after being shown evidence she was killed , he has now changed his story .  In a letter from jail he said
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League .  The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season .  James Rodriguez has heaped praise on Carlo Ancelotti .
Helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener .  Manager Henrik Larsson forced to play 42-year-old kit man Daniel Andersson .  Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski were out injured .  Andersson made 130 appearances for the club between 2004 and 2009 .
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store , killing four .  He was shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces .  Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer .  He singled out French 24-hour news channel BFMTV which revealed live on air that the group-including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby-was hiding in the freezer .  They had
The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades , Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening .  He was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller , U.S. . Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries .  On a tour of the house where the reggae legend lived until his death in 1981 , Obama was shown a trophy room where Marley 's Grammys and platinum records were
The Homeless Period campaign aims to highlight the plight of women on the streets .  It is encouraging people to donate tampons and sanitary towels to homeless shelter .  The campaign was started by Oliver Frost , Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty .  They said that 26 per cent of people who access homeless services are women .  Nearly 81,000 people have signed a petition to lobby the government for
Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd , who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fianceé at the time .  On Wednesday , a jury found Hernandez guilty of murder and sentenced him to life without parole .  Before his arrest , Hernandez lived in a $ 1.3 million mansion in North Attleborough , Massachusetts .  All new inmates receive
Zoe and Eleanor press play on their computer in a pink-walled bedroom .  They ` re not about to video-chat with friends or a relative abroad .  What they ` re doing is far more pernicious -- and will be horrifying to parents everywhere .  Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat .  A fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets .
Karen Buckley , 24 , went missing on CCTV leaving a nightclub in Glasgow on Sunday .  She was last seen leaving the city 's Sanctuary nightclub with a man at 3am .  Police have arrested a 21-year-old man ` in connection with her death '  They have now sealed off High Craigton Farm near Milngavie , north of Glasgow .  Sniffer dogs , forensic teams and divers were all
Didier Drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in London .  The Chelsea striker took a stroll through the capital on Tuesday afternoon .  The 37-year-old replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday .  Manchester City 's defeat at Crystal Palace saw the Blues leap to seven points .  Jose Mourinho 's side are now seven points clear at the top with a game
Lord Fellowes , 65 , has revealed he is to turn Trollope 's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV .  TV insiders say Lily James , who stars in new Disney cinema hit Cinderella , would be ideal as Mary in the new TV adaptation .  They were left broken-hearted when he announced next series of Downton Abbey would be the last .  He
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year .  The Dutchman is one of the standout contenders for the title .  Jamie Vardy and Eden Hazard are the best Premier League players this weekend .  Radamel Falcao and Angel di Maria have failed to hit the heights they achieved previously .
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday night .  The home side are Ligue 1 top scorers , two points behind the visitors who are leaders .  Culturally , socially and historically , there is deep enmity .  Marseille 's ultra-eccentric coach , Marcelo Bielsa , is right where he wants to be .  The Argentine took 7,000 videos of matches , goals , players , free-kicks
Aaron Hernandez , 25 , and two friends , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , picked up Odin Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17,2013 , and drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez 's house in North Attleboro , Massachusetts , where they shot him to death .  Surveillance video at his home minutes after the shooting showed him holding a black item that appeared
Massimo Vian , CEO of the Italian eyewear company that makes Ray-Bans , said his company is working with Google on two new versions of Google Glass .  He said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device .  Vian did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version .  New versions are thought to aim at a lower cost , longer
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen .  The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. . ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen .  Navy officials said there are about nine U.S. . warships in the region , including
The First Lady and Jimmy Fallon appeared on The Tonight Show on Thursday night .  They danced in a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2 .  It was a follow-up routine to one they first did in 2013 .  They showed off embarrassing moves to a cover of I Like The Way You Move .  At the end of the routine , Fallon pulled a goofy move
Researchers in the US examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women .  Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days .  Other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have both had their say on Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix .  Hamilton said the difference is that he is a ` racer ' and his team-mate is not .  Both drivers were involved in a verbal spat at the press conference after the race .  Hamilton said he had been ` selfish ' by slowing down while leading the race .  The German said
Gisèle Freund , a German-born French photographer , travelled to Mexico in 1950 after becoming friends with Frida Kahlo and her husband Diego Rivera .  They were taken by Gisele , who lived with the couple and began taking many photographs of the pair as they went about their daily lives .  Frida was a feminist icon for her unapologetic style , her monobrow and signature , colourful outfits inspired
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered .  They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations .  Ten of these will be ` not at risk ' , two ` threatened ' and two ` endangered '  It follows a conservation ` success story ' that raised numbers to 90,000 .
Matt Kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business .  During an episode of SBS 's Heat in the Kitchen , he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic .  The chef said he regrets treating his ex-wife that way .  The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a ` frenzy ' because of his uncontrollable rage .  He also isolated him
The average cost of property in Salcombe , Devon , now tops the average cost in London .  The seaside town in the South Hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price : # 671,759 .  In Notting Hill , prices average # 1,629,495 , while Regent 's Park comes in with an average of # 1.338 , 465 .  Salcombe was named Britain 's most expensive seaside resort last
45 per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings , spending and credit cars .  41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances .  Research by financial guide Money Advice Service also found that 24 per cent lied to their partners about what they spend on themselves .
Albert Webb , 51 , and sons Jimmy Chuter , 26 , and Jesse Webb , 19 , harassed pensioners in the street .  They followed pensioners aged up to 97 home from the Post Office .  If the victim had no money on them , they would be driven to a cash point to withdraw it .  Jesse Webb was due to be sentenced with his father and brother
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud died at the age of 84 .  Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud on Instagram .  Benaud was well known for his commentary on cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956 .  But he was also a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country .
Mesut Ozil has avoided a fine after being spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Arsenal 's Premier League clash with Newcastle United .  Arsene Wenger says he is satisfied with Ozil 's explanation .  Ozil said he went out for 30 minutes for a friends birthday .  Ozil missed the clash at St James ` Park with a cold .  Danny Welbeck could return to the side for
Rekha Nagvanshi urinated in her in-laws ` cups of tea for a year .  The 30-year-old had turned on her husband 's parents at the home she shared .  She was unhappy that her husband had stopped her from doing chores around the home .  After moving back in , her parents-in-law found out and tried to stop it .  They said : ` You cannot urinate into someone 's
Bafetimbi Gomis scored a spectacular overhead kick just before half-time to give Swansea a 2-0 lead at the Liberty Stadium .  Hull striker David Meyler was sent off in the 53rd minute after picking up a second-half yellow card .  Hull 's Ki Sung-Yueng put the visitors ahead in the first half with a deflected shot into the top corner .  The French striker then doubled his side 's lead
Cookie the pet dog was attacked by Joseph Devaney and Kieron Rolstron .  The pair burst into the home of John and Emma Evans in Chorley , Lancs .  The pair demanded money from the couple 's seven-year-old daughter .  Cookie yelped in agony as he was slashed with a meat cleaver .  He required stitches and is recovering at home in Clayton Brook , near Chorley .  The pair
Jack Wilshere captained Arsenal Under 21s at the Emirates Stadium .  Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown 's son Niall scored the winner for the Royals .  Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby also started for the Gunners .  Tariqe Fosu opened the scoring for the visitors after eight minutes .  The Gunners pressed for an equaliser before the break .  Reading 's Daniel Lincoln saved the England midfielder 's
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years .  He was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted ` witch hunt ' into tabloid journalists .  He pushed the use of an unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists .
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third-largest archdiocese .  Seattle Archbishop J . Peter Sartain , who delivered the homily at a packed funeral Mass at Chicago 's Holy Name Cathedral , said : ` The cardinal 's faith was simple , direct , without pretense
David Atherton , 65 , was about to put his meal in the cooker when he spotted the snake .  He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a food recycling box .  RSPCA officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home .
Sir Alex Ferguson stepped down as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013 .  The 73-year-old has spent his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes .  Ferguson has made a # 5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund in Glasgow on Thursday to make a cheque towards a permanent memorial .  Ferguson has lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of
Labor Department data shows the US economy generated a disappointing 126,000 net new jobs in March , half of what was expected and the worst month since December 2013 .  Last month , the manufacturing , building and government sectors all shed workers .  Factories cut 1,000 , snapping a 19-month hiring streak .  Economists noted that for months hiring had been stronger than other gauges of the economy ,
Lizzi Crawford , 32 , from Stoke-on-Trent , weighed 20 stone .  A child on a bus pointed at her and asked if she was pregnant .  The obese mother-of-six , who has cervical cancer , dropped over 7st .  Lizzi devoured takeaways , pizzas and kebabs and drank wine and spirits .  She joined fitness and self-defense classes in a bid to slim down .  Also discovered Hourglass training-a
Mother Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth in order to provide full-time care for her son .  Baby Malakai has a rare medical condition known as Pallister Killian Syndrome -LRB- PKS -RRB- .  PKS is a rare chromosomal disorder which affects about 200 people worldwide .  About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia .  A fundraising page has been set
A fed-up resident of Cammeray stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders .  ` If you ca n't afford to park in the CBD do n't come here ! ! ' it read .  The North Shore suburb was split on the parking issue .  ` Not a fan of the way they wrote it , but we
Toni Duggan shared a photo of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram .  The Manchester City forward apologised to fans for the error of judgement .  Van Gaal was enjoying a celebratory meal at his favourite restaurant in the city after United beat Manchester City to move four points ahead of them in the Premier League .
More than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists .  A further 20 million will be unable to get a doctor 's appointment within a week .  Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the NHS ` cannot survive ' another five years of the Tories in government .  He said if standards continued to decline by 2020 millions more will face long waits in A & E
MCC announces latest phase of ` Masterplan ' redevelopment of Lord 's .  Will replace ` tired ' Tavern and Allen stands with more than 5,500 seats .  Will increase the overall capacity of the ground to almost 30,000 .  Work will begin in autumn 2017 , subject to planning permission .  A new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included .
Nick Clegg is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in Lib Dem constituency , Sheffield Hallam .  Deputy Prime Minister is on course to lose his seat at the general election .  He won his seat in 2010 by scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote .  Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday , Saturday and Sunday .  A poll by Lord Ashcroft
The curtain fell on Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 with a spectacular finale show by Johanna Johnson .  The glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection , ` Sirens ' Call ` , featured mirrored embellishments , fringing , and feathers .  The hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the Great Gatsby .  The collection was created in under one month , interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere .  Johnson said
Garnet , Montana , was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver , but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later .  While the town has since been restored , it remains empty , and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents .  The U.S. . Bureau of Land Management is offering free food , housing a
Conditions this week are set to be average for April , with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures .  Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards , and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms .  Met Office has a severe yellow ` be aware ' ice warning for north-east Scotland , warning motorists of a disruption risk until
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach .  Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended .  When the following pictures were posted to Facebook , users theorized that the swarm was a mix of Blacktip and Spinner sharks .
Actor Robert Hardy is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career .  He is a keen military historian who studied English with J.R. . R . Tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow .  One of the most unusual items featured in the auction is a diorama depicting the progress of the Battle of Agincourt in 3D .  There is also a
Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig , Germany , analysed peppermint plants in soil mulched with cigarette tobacco for more than nine days to find that the resulting nicotine concentrations in them were several higher than the maximum residue set by European authorities .  This may explain why some spices , herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotin in them , despite none being allowed in
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron on points at the First Direct Arena in Leeds .  The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton .  Warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight with the Filipino .  The home favourite picked up the vacant WBC International title .  The Filipino 's record of 19 wins from 24 fights suggested he would struggle against Warrington .  Judges
Michael Owen , 21 , was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed .  Kyle Careford , the other man in the car , is thought to have died just days before turning 21 .  Mr Owen 's family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still ca n't accept he 's gone .  One of the men lost control of the Renault
Hamilton College in Clinton , New York , sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows .  Campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building were received by phone at 9.45 am .  A bomb squad from Albany arrived
Celtic take on Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup on April 18 .  Ticket prices were set at # 23 for the North and South stands , with the East Stand being # 15 for adults and # 5 for concessions .  The Parkhead club have complained to the SFA over ticket prices .
Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque , in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates , is the biggest mosque in the Middle East .  British amateur photographer Julian John has been snapping photos of it for four years and is planning an exhibition of his epic photos .  The mosque 's four 350-ft tall minarets , which can be seen across the skyline , are lit up against the cloudy skies in
Four-propeller , 50-centimeter wide drone spotted by member of PM 's staff .  Drone was equipped with small camera and plastic bottle containing radioactive material .  Radioactive material is likely caesium , a soft metal and harmless to the human body .
Newcastle beat Liverpool 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night .  Moussa Sissoko was sent off following a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva .  The stand-in skipper was given a second yellow card for the offence .  John Carver says the club will ` deal with that situation '  The Magpies are nine points clear of danger with six games to play .
Taylor Lynn Fast , 21 , has been charged with endangering the welfare of a child .  Her daughter Layla , 17 , was found beaten to death at her home in Missouri .  Police said she was bruised and unresponsive because of the spider bite .  Fast allegedly said she had been bitten a day before police were called .  A three-year-old boy was also found at Fast 's
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal , both 17 , are believed to have traveled to Syria on March 31 .  Hassan is supposedly related to Hammaad Munsi , who was arrested at the age of 15 in 2006 .  He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims .  The boys have not been in contact with their families for several days .  Hassan 's
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win The Masters at Augusta .  The 21-year-old is playing with British contender Justin Rose in the final , showcase pairing .  Spieth is the man to beat for the top prize of $ 1.8 million at the $ 10 million event .  He could break Tiger Woods ` 1997 tournament record of 18-under 270 .  The former world number one could become
Jonathan Pitre , 14 , has Epidermolysis Bullosa-or ` butterfly skin '  His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that wo n't heal .  His skin is as fragile as a butterfly 's wing and he can even feel pain when he 's asleep .  He has a life expectancy of 25 , but says he has to ` get on with it '  Sufferers are dubbed the `
David Cameron stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance this morning .  He wore a navy jacket , dark blue shirt , jeans and smart black shoes .  He was wearing an unusual combination of jeans with shiny loafers .  YouGov poll puts Labour on 34 % - one point ahead of the Tories .  Tories are battling to wrest control of key constituencies from Lib Dems .  But Mr
` When Hillary Clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one .  for her baggage , ` Paul said during remarks at a New Hampshire GOP summit taking place in Nashua this weekend .  ` I ' m concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering ` he said , predicting that she
Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball inside the first minute of Juve 's Champions League quarter-final against Monaco on Wednesday night .  The 30-year-old centre-half resorted to desperation tactics , comically clawing the ball out of the way and earning himself a yellow card .  Juve were able to progress to the Champions League 's last four following a 0-0 at the Stade Louis II .  The Serie A leaders
Beyoncé , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend .  The trio did not refer to themselves as Destiny 's Child .  The group did not use the group 's name .  Beyoncé 's father and former manager Mathew Knowles owns one-fourth of the group as well .  The threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle .  The infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own .  To date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times .
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice and Edinson Cavani scored twice .  French League -LRB- LFP -RRB- president Frederic Thiriez has been asked to resign .  Geronimi has called for the French League president to step down .
Carl Hendrick , head of learning and research at Wellington College , Berkshire , has attacked the ` tidal wave of guff ' in classrooms .  These ` missives in mediocrity ' often tell pupils to ` live your dream ' and ` you can do it '  But glossy notices are ` often reductively misinterpreted as `` you can achieve anything if you believe '' '  Vic Goddard ,
Charles Tillman has concluded his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears .  The two-time Pro Bowler has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers .  Tillman opted to link-up with Ron Rivera .
Lorenzo Simon , 34 , stabbed Michael Spalding , 39 , with a hacksaw .  He then dismembered the handyman , known as Spud , with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird , 35 .  Simon then stuffed the body parts and tools into two suitcases .  He then threw the suitcases into a canal using broken concrete slabs .  Simon was today found guilty of murder at Birmingham
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack defence spending .  But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car .  Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 .  He missed an event charging supporters # 25-a-head to meet him .  He had hoped to use a return to campaign trail after the
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter .  Revenue from Mac computers rose 2 % from a year earlier , to $ 5.6 bn .  iPad revenue fell 29 % , while iPhone sales grew 72 % in China .  Apple did n't report any results for the new Apple Watch
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended a fundraising event to tackle Ebola .  The West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in attendance .  The event was a fundraising reception for Searcys function rooms in Knightsbridge .  Pictures from the event were shared on the charity 's Facebook page .
The father of Dave Brockie , the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR , has sued his son 's bandmates for $ 1million in compensatory damages and unspecified punitive damages .  William Brockie alleges that the surviving members of the band stole his guitars , artwork , a gold record , tour souvenirs and even his ashes .  The suit names drummer Brad Roberts , better known
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $ 104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year 's holiday .  The power couple stayed with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo , a private Dominican resort they own .  Menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr Salomon Melgen in exchange
Sophie Morgan , 21 , and Sheree Morgan , 25 , allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money .  They were conned out of # 36,000 by a fraudster posing as a policeman .  The elderly couple were contacted by a man pretending to be a detective sergeant .  He urged them to transfer money into various accounts ` for their own security '  The caller
Harley Jo Skorpenske , who suffers from lupus , found a note on her car .  It read : ` You should be ashamed ! When you take a handicap spot , an actual disabled person suffers . You were not raised as you should have been '  Harley 's mother Corinna , from Pittsburgh , wrote an open letter on Facebook .  She hopes to find the writer of
Anthony Stokes , 17 , died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman 's home in Roswell , Georgia .  He suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood .  The condition can lead to irregular heartbeats , blood clots or heart failure .  He had been
Memphis Depay is wanted by PSV Eindhoven for # 25million .  Manchester United remain favourites to land the 21-year-old .  PSV have also spoken to the Holland international .  Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is confident they will be able to bring in the required quality .  ` If we are not in the Champions League , players will still maybe want to come , ' says Rodgers .  The Liverpool
Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal 's side are currently one point ahead of rivals Manchester City .  Van Gaal lost his first game with United 's closest rivals last November .  The Dutchman says he has less fear of Aston Villa than he did last week .  The Blues boss believes City will not be as defensive-minded as Aston Villa .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner 's belt on Tuesday .  The $ 1million creation was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman .  Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand at the unveiling in Mexico City .  The emerald green , diamond encrusted belt features images of May 2 's mega-fight winner and Muhammad Ali along
Experts fear two-inch-long Asian hornets could be heading to Britain .  Threats to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers .  One Asian hornet can kill 40 bees in a minute , while a handful can destroy a hive of 30,000 bees in two hours .  UK beekeepers have been sent email alerts by Defra asking them to be on the look-out .  They have been urged not to
Franck Ribery turned down Real Madrid after being sold on his importance to Bayern Munich .  The 32-year-old says he was told he was as important to Bayern as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona .  The Frenchman has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League .  He was third behind Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi in the 2013 Ballon d ` Or awards .
Peter Garrett has put his family 's terrace in Randwick in Sydney 's Eastern Suburbs on the market .  The 62-year-old has lived at the home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters , Emily , Grace and May .  The family of five also own a property in Mittagong in NSW 's south coast , ensuring they can enjoy the best of both city and
Pierre Collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Edward Collins , 10 .  Barway 's father , 33-year-old Pierre Collins , was in that area of the river at the time of the boy 's disappearance .  A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Collins , who has been missing for nearly a month .  Collins
Developed by Hitachi-GE Nuclear Energy and the International Research Institute for Nuclear Decommissioning , it was supposed to be able to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans and cause ordinary electronic devices to malfunction .  But decommissioning work at the plant suffered a setback after the adaptable ` transformer ' robot stalled before it could complete its operation and had to
Kayla Mooney , 24 , is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut .  She was accused of engaging in sexual activity with a male student off campus last year .  Mooney was also put on paid administrative leave on February 10 .  She has now been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor and was released without bail .
Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a private family funeral in Sydney .  The 84-year-old cricketing legend was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife , Daphne .  His wife Daphne kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they did n't know the
French customs officials found 46lbs of cocaine in a suitcase at Nice airport .  The drugs were found on a flight from the Dominican Republic .  Authorities are satisfied the tourist did not smuggle the drugs .  Last year French customs officers seized more than six tonnes of cocaine .
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the Savoy Grill .  The 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of Auguste Escoffier and Marcus Wareing .  Woodward will head a team of about 35 chefs , of whom 40 per cent are women .  She reached the semi-final of the 2011 series of MasterChef : The Professionals .
David Billing , 48 , went to his GP in October 2013 after being unable to swallow .  He was diagnosed with mouth cancer and had to undergo 14 hours of surgery .  Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue .  Medics replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing 's arm .  The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it ,
Gang of armed robbers targeted supermarkets , convenience stores and electrical shops .  They used pink umbrellas to hide their entrance as they burst into supermarkets .  They also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and golf clubs .  In a separate raid , the men stole the store manager 's Mercedes E200 .  The group have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to
Labour leader 's secret cribsheets reveal how he planned to ` relish the chance to show who I am '  In handwritten notes , Miliband appears to exhort himself to ` use the people at home '  Ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in Salford ITV studios .  One note reads : ` Happy warrior , calm , never agitated '  He also wrote ` me versus DC
Sam Allardyce believes Rob Green is good enough to challenge England No 1 Joe Hart .  Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the World Cup against USA in 2010 .  QPR face his old club West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday .
Antonia Kidman 's ex-husband Angus Hawley has died of a suspected heart attack .  The 46-year-old collapsed after returning from a swim in New York on Saturday .  Mr Hawley 's brother David says he does n't ` understand ' his brother 's death .  He described him as ` one of the fittest men I ' ve ever met `  Antonia 's sister Prue Fisher is being comforted by
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne .  They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours .  The selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8am the next day applicants had
Jo Burston , 43 , is the founder of Job Capital , a leading technology services firm .  The company handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management .  It turned over $ 40 million in its first four years of business .  She has now started eight companies , and caught the attention of Richard Branson .  Last year she was invited to visit Necker Island with
The New England Patriots ` coach was caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen 's posterior at the White House Correspondents ' Dinner on Saturday .  His girlfriend Linda Holliday , who 's dated Belichick since 2006 , wrote on Instragram : ` I think I even looked '  The supermodel 's husband , crooner John Legend , was labeling the incident ` Spy gate ' and the media were
Kamron T . Taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a . m . Wednesday .  The 23-year-old was awaiting sentencing when authorities say he beat a guard into unconsciousness , took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV .  He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence
Michelle Knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center 's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday .  She said her healing process has been ` to overcome and flourish and rise above '  She was signing copies of her book , Finding Me : A Decade of Darkness , a Life Reclaimed , after the event , when she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend .  Knight
James McCarthy opened the scoring for Everton in the fifth minute after a blistering counter-attack .  John Stones doubled Everton 's lead before half time with a superb header from the crossbar .  Kevin Mirallas added a third to put the result beyond doubt , after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku .  David de Gea 's men had a corner in the first half , but the
Kevin Coulton , 16 , put his mouth in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout .  But he was left with dark bruising around his chin and mouth .  Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate to emulate the Kardashians star 's bee-stung pout .  Scores of youngsters have suffered similar fates after attempting
Louis Jordan , 37 , released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray .  ` Every time I went outside , I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched , which would have made it harder for me to keep warm , ' Jordan said .  He also said he
Kong Meng Xiong , 21 , of St . Paul , Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment .  The girl , who has not been identified because she is a minor , told police that Xiong was her ` boyfriend ' and that they got into an argument over the prospect of marriage on Saturday night .  Xiong allegedly threw the girl
The Queen was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat .  She looked unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the Royal Box .  Unfortunately for Her Majesty , her horse , Ring of Truth , was narrowly pipped to the post .  The Queen had a second runner later in the afternoon but was again left to rue missed chances after her horse Capel Path
Using statistics from Sleep Cycle app users , researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa .  While on Tuesdays , Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week .  In terms of national average sleep quality , Slovakia topped the list , the UK was in 45th place , while the US was in 49th .  The
The Disneyland Book of Lists contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure .  Here , MailOnline Travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort that you may not have known about .  In the Fantasyland 's Peter Pan ride , as guests fly out of the bedroom window , sometimes the alphabet blocks spell out Disney .  In 1955
Budi the orangutan spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup .  He was rescued from malnutrition and too weak to move by the International Animal Rescue .  The 10-month-old was found in Borneo , Indonesia , last December .  His heartbreaking plight captured the hearts of thousands of people .  He was introduced to Jemmi less than a month ago and now they are inseparable
The items from the collection of ` Dean of American crafts ' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville , New Jersey .  The collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and arts and crafts they made .  Star Trek actor George Takei and a group called the Heart Mountain Wyoming
Kelly Nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing and told his girlfriend , Jessica Sexton , he was not feeling well .  By the time Sexton got up at 7.30 am , the man was gone .  On February 8 , a fisherman found Nash 's decomposed body in Lake Lanier .  The 6-foot-2 former
The condition is characterised by seven stages , including anxiety , the need to be clean and performing sermons .  The next stage sees sufferers overcome by need to scream , or sing out loud psalms , verses from the Bible , religious hymns or spirituals .  Symptoms include anxiety , agitation , nervousness and tension , and other unspecified reactions .  In many cases , experts believe the condition
Sir James Munby says parents should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to get children to do things they do not want to do .  He suggests confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets and grounding teenagers , and ` threats falling short of brute force ' as suitable methods for parents to get their way .  He gave his advice in a case in which two teenage girls
China is creating a ` great wall of sand ' in the South China Sea , the US Navy has claimed .  The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles -LRB- four square kilometres -RRB- in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs .  This is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region-and the exact purpose of them is
Harry Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 .  He claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some Arsenal fans .  The former Tottenham boss is currently out of work after leaving QPR .
Abdelkrim Elmezayen , 13 , was pulled dead from the water at the scene .  His parents are in a stable condition in the hospital .  Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help .  The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot when the car , driven by the boys ` father , veered off the edge of the
Disturbing footage of Tilly meowing in distress was played at Swindon Magistrates Court .  Defendant claimed he was ` accidentally ' high on ` white rhino ' - super-strength cannabis .  He was being egged on by friends when the abuse occurred .  Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater and had to be put to sleep .  RSPCA inspectors said she suffered a lot in her
Patrick O ` Melia , 39 , was on patrol near DeLand , Florida , when he found Justin Braddock .  Braddock , 34 , was slumped in the front seat of a car , without a pulse .  He spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him .  The Volusia County Sheriff 's Office deputy and Braddock 's sister were arrested .  They were charged with possession
Jordan Brennan , 17 , was killed after breaking into Gangnam Style dancing in shop .  His heartbroken mother , Kim , 43 , said : ` Jordan loved dancing -- and he was killed because of it '  Jordan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter at Manchester Crown Court .  Mother-of-five , from Gorton , Manchester , has slammed the lenient sentence .  She said Jordan
Manchester United currently sit third in the Premier League table .  The Red Devils have endured two mixed campaigns under Sir Alex Ferguson .  Louis van Gaal has restored some of the club 's old vigour under Ferguson .  The 29-year-old has played a prominent role under Van Gaal this season .
A jury in Placerville , California , took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against Colleen Ann Harris , known to family as ` Grandma Cokie '  She could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on June 5 .
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship .  The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport .  The attack followed Fener 's 5-1 win away to Caykur Rizespor .
Manny Pacquiao has two platinum albums to his name back home .  His jokes are n't always zingers , either , but that has n't stopped him having his own sitcom , Show Me Da Manny , and a game show , Manny Many Prizes on the GMA Network .  He recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with Floyd Mayweather .  There
Scientists from the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Cambridgeshire studied tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten men with the disease .  Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises-or spreads .  This allowed them to build a ` family tree ' of how disease changes over time .  It could lead to better treatment for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness
Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg .  Mario Mandzukic was involved in a bust-up with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal .  The 28-year-old drew blood after an elbow to the face from the former , while receiving a punch , and possibly a bite , from the latter .  The Croatia international had zero shots on or off target , completed just 18
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point .  623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month .  Emergency services took more than 1,600 calls for grass fires from Friday to Monday .  Cost of fighting the blazes has risen close to # 500,000 since the month began .
Leah Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early .  German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal and awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway .  The astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal .  Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson
Jefferson County Circuit Judge Laura Petro on Thursday dismissed the case against Anthony Ray Hinton .  The district attorney 's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts could n't determine if six crime scene bullets -- which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial -- came from a gun investigators took from his home .  Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called # EverydayFix .  They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems .  These include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve .  One company has designed a range of prototype products called Snooze .  It connects with your phone and silences any notifications to ensure a good night 's sleep .  The winner will
Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace Steve McClaren at Derby County .  The 42-year-old is currently a Real Madrid coach and works under Carlo Ancelotti .  Derby County are play-off contenders in the Championship .
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate in Kolkata .  The 20-year-old was playing as a substitute fielder in a senior one-day match .  Sachin Tendulkar has paid tribute to ` promising ' cricketer .
Locations in Ceredigion , Powys and Pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise Muslims .  Those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities '  ` They do have an ulterior motive , ' says Detective Constable Gareth Jones .  Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998 .  Abu Hamza sent a group of 10 extremisms to train in Brecon Beacons .
Sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100,000 Britons a year .  It kills 37,000-more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined .  NHS study reveals 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment .  Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection , lactate levels and giving oxygen and IV fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure .
Blackpool fans pelted the directors ` box and main reception area at Bloomfield Road with a flare , a smoke bomb , fireworks and eggs before their game with Reading .  The bottom-of-the-table Seasiders ` relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham 's victory over Brighton on Monday .  Disgruntled fans chanted ` Oyston out ' and ` we ' re relegated because of your greed `  Stewards and
Officers were involved in two firefights with brothers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev .  In first standoff , they fired ` toward the vicinity ' of the brothers .  Also failed to appropriately aim their guns , according to 130-page report .  Amid their chaotic shooting , transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded .  It is unclear whether he was shot by an officer 's bullet in Watertown , Massachusetts
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport 's international terminal car park .  The outdoor car park was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday .  The 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived .  Witnesses captured footage of NSW Fire and Rescue crews working to put out the flames .
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday night .  Andres Iniesta started on the bench for Vicente del Bosque 's side .  Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals .  Guus Hiddink branded the home fans a ` disgrace '
Newly launched app , Honest , allows users to pose questions and get feedback from fellow anonymous users .  Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` I ' m having doubts , is that normal ? ` to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes .  One user asks : ` My long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall I tell her
Honza and Claudine Lafond , from Sydney , have posted pictures of themselves striking yoga poses on Instagram .  The couple , who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond , do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds .  The pair , who married in 2008 , specialise in AcroVinyasa , a type of yoga combining the traditional practice with L-based acrobatic flying .  Their travels have taken them all
Mr Dahl 's wife , Marguerite Dahl , confirmed on Tuesday that her husband died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .  His rocks , which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 , came packed in a cardboard box with a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for ` care and feeding '  He later estimated he had sold 1.5 million of them at roughly $
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower .  The frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mph .  This is the same one several large radio telescopes operate on .  The Massachusetts company says its vision is to create grassmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn .  Astronomers say the frequencies iR Robot
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Sebastien Squillaci was sent off .  Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match with a fine header and a cool finish at the end of a counterattack .  Laurent Blanc 's side won their first French League Cup of the season with a 4-0 win over 10-man Bastia at the Stade de
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday .  Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute .  Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of grass at Sergio Busquets .  The striker was shown a straight red card for the incident .  The Spaniard will miss his side 's next game against Granada on Wednesday night .  CLICK HERE for
Ashy Bines is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago .  The debts , which were due last May , include income and tax , a fine and $ 295,955 worth of interest .  The tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd-the company behind Ms Bines ` bikini body challenge program .  The case
Parents of young cancer sufferers now expect to be offered the same treatment as Ashya King .  Clinicians are in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of the King family 's flight to Spain after disagreeing with doctors who were treating him in the UK .  Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary .
Elijah Overcomer , 26 , left Gloriavale with his wife , Rosanna , 29 , and their children in late March 2013 .  The family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village , by M . Night Shyamalan .  The film , where residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the ` wicked ' outside world , was a ` good comparison with our community '  The Overcomers said
George North will miss Saturday 's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne .  North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months , including in last Friday 's 52-30 win over Wasps .  ` We wo n't play him at the weekend , ' Saints director of rugby Jim Mallinder said .  North left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries in Saints ` win
Around 30 per cent of teachers said they had been the subject of parents ` abusive internet posts .  This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 % of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 % last year .  One teacher said she had been called a ` paedophile ' for wanting to film a performance .  Others said they have received insults
Prince William has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave .  His wife the Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days ` time .  Quentin Letts : ` He may be a prince of the realm , but under it all he is a new man , bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood '  Unlike
Publication of Sir John Chilcot 's inquiry had already been pushed back .  Bereaved parents say they are now expecting a whitewash when report is finally published .  It has cost the taxpayer almost # 10million , with findings unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest .  It is expected to criticise dozen of senior figures involved in the 2003 conflict .  But sources close to investigation
Australia coach Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sunday 's World Cup final win over New Zealand .  Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin clapped in Martin Guptill 's face after the Kiwi batsman was bowled .  Photo of Haddin and James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott cast a shadow over the Australian 's fifth World Cup triumph .  ICC president Mustafa Kamal has resigned after falling out
Cassandra Fortin , 17 , refused chemo for Hodgkin 's lymphoma .  Department of Children and Families took temporary custody of her last fall .  They argued she did not want treatment despite the risk of dying without them .  Cassandra 's mother , Jackie , said she was behind her daughter 's decision .  She said she had an 85 percent chance of survival with chemotherapy .  But after
Ben Thurlow , 23 , had been drinking heavily in pubs in Driffield , East Yorkshire .  He was attacked by Rebecca Hudson as she tried to treat him with a head injury .  He shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the ambulance where he was being treated .  Emergency crews even called his friends and family in an attempt to calm him down .  But
Newcastle United have lost their last six Premier League games under caretaker manager John Carver .  Supporters ` group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday 's match against Swansea .  The Magpies are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition , despite owner Ashley having # 34million in the bank .  But Monk says the backdrop to the game will have no bearing on
Austin Bird , a Democratic Party insider who chauffeured Vice President Joe Biden around Davenport , Iowa in October , told Daily Mail Online that he and two other young people were asked to meet Hillary Clinton at a coffee shop in LeClaire , Iowa .  Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour .  The three got the lion
Schoolboy 's leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the eight-foot drain .  It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position .  Two fire crews and an ambulance were on the scene in Peterborough , Cambridgeshire .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was fined at Blackburn Magistrates ` Court .  He was found guilty of leaving a # 69,950 terrace house in Accrington , Lancashire .  He was ordered to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish .  But he did not receive a summons and had his conviction quashed .  Hyndburn Borough Council said both Rodgers and co-owner Judith O `
BMW Group 's answer to Google Glass is designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features -- and the Elvis-style glasses can also be worn out of the car .  The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ` screens ' showing information that only the wearer can see .  For example , the
Timothy Eli Thompson was born on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities .  Facebook removed a photo of the boy after a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story .  A post about the removal of the photo by Eli 's mother Brandi McGlathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours .  A Facebook spokesperson said : ` The photo
Harry Kane won his first senior caps for England last week .  But he is still eligible for Gareth Southgate 's Young Lions .  Kenny Dalglish says Kane should not go to the Under-21 European Championship .  Kane is ready to be a permanent member of Roy Hodgson 's full squad .  Tottenham striker should be kept fresh for the full Euro 2016 .
Ile Louët is perched 1148 ft from the shore of Morlaix Bay in Brittany , France , and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests .  The quaint cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of $ 200 -LRB- # 145 -RRB- for two nights .  The lighthouse keeper 's cottage was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and their families
Flights company Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world .  They find out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce an infographic .
Barcelona beat Paris St Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Andres Iniesta had to be substituted after clash with Javier Pastore .  Midfielder could now miss Saturday 's La Liga game at home to Valencia .
Davy McGregor suffered a gruesome ear injury while playing for Heriot 's Racing Club .  The Irish hooker was caught by an opponent 's hip or shorts .  McGregor was on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and salvage what was left of his ear .
Chuka Umunna said Ukip ` hates modern Britain ' and is infected with ` virus of racism '  Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had ` a problem with race '  Claimed Farage made comments about ` fully black ' and ` half black ' supporters .  Comes after Farage dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front supporters turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board .  The ECB are to create a new role of ` Director of England Cricket ' ahead of the Ashes series .  Downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach after the Ashes whitewash .  The former England wicketkeeper has been appointed managing sirector .  Downton appoints
Posters featuring a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield have been defaced .  Transport for London -LRB- TFL -RRB- has confirmed that the posters are being removed .  It comes as a protest organised against Protein World in Hyde Park on May 2 gathers steam .  The posters have caused a huge backlash on social media , with thousands of tweets directed at the campaign .  A change . org petition
The Vasimr engine-which uses plasma as a propellant-is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas .  Nasa will give the company # 6.8 million -LRB- $ 10 million -RRB- to get the engine almost ready to fly in space .  This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype , the VX-200-SS , which will be able to fire continuously for more than 100 hours
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night .  The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position at the break was on April 17,1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2 .  City 's goalscorers were Keith Curle , now manager of League 2
As secret agent James Bond , Daniel Craig has a license to kill , but on Tuesday the United Nations gave the British actor a ` license to save ' by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards .  Craig-who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007-will spend the next three years raising awareness
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show .  Just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic .  Just over half of the vehicles produced at Swindon are exported to the Continent .  When the factory moves to dedicated Civic production next year
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 about 7 am Monday .  The occupants of the van , from Atlanta-based band Khaotika and Alabama-based Wormreich , were traveling together and pulling a trailer with the musicians ` equipment .  The three men who died were ejected from the vehicle .  The conditions of those who survived Monday 's crash
Stephanie Scott , 26 , went missing on Easter Sunday .  Her burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , on Friday .  Ms Scott 's fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley and Ms Scott were due to be married last Saturday .  Ms Scott was a popular teacher at Canowindra High School and worked at the local swimming pool
Hannah Brierley , 16 , thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat which was hung up to dry at her home in Rochdale , Manchester .  She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother , Karen Marriott , to come upstairs .  She attempted to call
Raheem Sterling turned down a Liverpool contract worth # 100,000-a-week .  The 20-year-old has been linked with moves to Arsenal , Real Madrid and Barcelona .  Sterling says he wants to finish out the season before considering any more offers .  The England international says he is focused on winning trophies with his club .  Sterling says it is not about money , only about trophies-so can Liverpool afford to
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to the opera song .  The driver lets the radio take command before he begins singing in perfect tune .  He then begins singing along in tune and word perfectly .  The film maker says : ` Wow , that was brilliant . Thank you very much '  Passengers are amazed as they film the driver who sings .  Pavarotti
María Jose Carrascosa , a 49-year-old native of Spain , was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday night .  She was taken to the Bergen County Jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to return her daughter , then 5 , to the United States .  Once paroled , she was sent to a jail where she defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South at Palmerston Park .  Lewis Kidd doubled the lead at the start of the second half .  Gavin Reilly added an own goal for QOTS 's third to dent Rangers ` second place hopes .  Rangers remain third behind Hibs on goal difference , but with a game still in hand .  Ally McCoist left the Ibrox club nine days
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week from Liverpool .  The 20-year-old has been linked with a move away from Anfield .  Sterling was named PFA Young Player of the Year in 1999 .  Robbie Fowler , Steve Gerrard , Steve McManaman and Robbie Fowler have all rejected new deals .  Click here for Liverpool transfer news .
Giudice lost his driving license and was fined the maximum of $ 10,000 .  He pleaded guilty to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation .  That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud .  His wife , Teresa , is serving a 15-month sentence on the fraud charges .  He will begin his sentence when her sentence is over .
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 on Wednesday night .  Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet for Carlo Ancelotti 's side .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his career .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Robin Ellis , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 .  He shot to fame in the Seventies as the original dashing hero Ross Poldark .  At the time he was as much a heart throb as Aidan Turner , star of the BBC remake of the Cornish epic that concludes on Sunday .  He had no of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased
There are only three countries in the world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss .  Jamaica , Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female managers .  Columbia was closely behind with 53.1 per cent of their managers being female .  Britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 of the surveyed countries , as
Chelsea set to announce # 4.5 m signing of Nathan Allan de Souza .  Brazilian attacking midfielder from Atletico Paranaense .  Nathan tweeted the news by revealing he was heading for contract talks and a medical .  He will join compatriots Willian , Ramires , Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge .  Nathan made his name playing for Brazil at the Under 17 World Cup in 2013 .  The
Harry Kane captained Tottenham in their 0-0 draw with Burnley on Easter Sunday .  That came after he scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania .  The Tottenham striker has hailed it as the ` best week of my life '
Louis Smith , 25 , is a medal-winning Olympic gymnast .  The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games .  ` I work hard to get the body I have , so why not show off what I ' ve got ? ` says the athlete .  ` I ' m just sharing my physique ,
Jondrew Lachaux , from Las Vegas , is married to the teenager 's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips-they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship .  He allegedly sexually assaulted the teen and she had become pregnant , but she did not know .  The teen , who cannot be named , gave birth in her mom 's bed-she did n't have any medical help and did
James Ritchie was voted into the role at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate .  Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description , the reaction to a male being offered the job caused huge opposition .  The university 's Women 's Collective had launched a petition to have Mr Ritchie removed from his role .  The petition
Newly-discovered medical records reveal the fate of muse Fanny Cornforth .  The orange-haired beauty died in the Graylingwell Hospital in 1909 .  She was suffering from ` senile mania , confusion , weak-mindedness and a poor memory and sleeplessness ' at the time of her death .  Art historian Kirsty Stonell Walker used the records to track down her resting site and lay flowers at her unmarked grave .  Rossetti
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready .  He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year .  Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014 .  Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured .  The starting price for flights is # 150,000 -LRB- $ 250,000 -RRB- . The first will be by
Jan Bearman 's daughter Shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications from her diabetes .  Two of Jan 's granddaughters and Shell 's husband decided to get tattoos in memory of her .  Jan , now 83 , has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday .  ABC2 's new show , Tattoo Tales , follows the journey of some of the customers
Sarah Reign , 26 , describes herself as a ` feedee ' who gorges on junk food .  Says her fans love to watch her eating food .  Her new career has also led her to the world of ` squashing '  Men pay her to sit on them when she meets them in person .
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett , Colorado last week .  His mother , who was only identified as Alicia , said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing .  She said : ` He 's at risk for HIV , Hepatitis C , Herpes , Gonorrhea , Chlamydia '  Colorado School
King Felipe , Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor arrived at Palma de Mallorca Cathedral on the Balearic isle .  Hundreds of people gathered to watch the Spanish royals arrive at the church .  It is the first time that the princesses have been spotted at a public engagement for several months .  They are on the island for the family 's annual holiday at the
Amjad Yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on barbaric scene inside Yarmouk refugee camp .  Schoolboy said ISIS fighters were looking for his brother , who ran and defended camp .  Ibrahim Abdel Fatah said he saw heads cut off by ISIS in the camp .  He has found refuge with his wife and seven children at Zeinab al-Haliyeh school in Tadamun .  ` I saw severed heads .
Deanna Robinson , of Quinlan , Texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ` home .  She says deputies and state workers were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband .  Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident ,
Cathleen Hackney , 56 , is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court in relation to her son 's cremation .  She allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to her ex-husband 's funeral .  Hackney is said to have ` pressed ahead ' with her plans despite knowing her ex , Paul Barber , would have objected .  She also signed two forms to the same effect ,
Teenager walks past monkey in Shimla , India , and gives it the middle finger .  The monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and throws itself at the teenager .  The teenager walks away unharmed but the monkey returns to his perch .  The monkeys of the area have a reputation for aggression .  They roam about in gangs , stealing tourists ` food and rummaging through pockets .
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final .  An early strike from Neymar and second-half brace from Luis Suarez sealed victory .  Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side as they now face elimination .  Marco Verratti and Zlatan Ibrahimovic were suspended and David Luiz was unable to start .
The Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan , China , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year .  Locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing .  This year , it began yesterday and the celebrations are expected to last three to seven days .  One of
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday .  The man was known on Facebook under the nickname Karl Kay .  He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene .  Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police .  The man 's mother , who was `
Blackpool have been relegated to the third tier of the Championship .  The club found an unsigned shirt for Joe Lewis at half-time against Reading .  The club had no spares to give the 27-year-old the signed shirt .  Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before the game .  The club 's kitman Steve Wales quit in March , forcing club secretary Chris Hough to
Lady Sasima Srivikorn and Sir John Madejski spoke to Sportsmail 's Matt Lawton .  The Royals host Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday .  The Championship side beat Bradford 3-0 in a quarter-final reply to secure their victory .  The Royals will be the first time a woman has been on the Thai Airways board .  Savikorn says her daughter was still angry about the political
A shocking ` resurrection ceremony ' for a two-year-old dead boy has been caught on camera in Balch Springs , Texas .  Aracely Meza , who is not the child 's mother , was arrested on Monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission , police said .  In the footage , Meza apparently uses oils to try and bring the boy back to life while
Mark Selby beat Kurt Maflin 6-3 in the first round of the Betfred World Championship .  The 31-year-old beat Ronnie O ` Sullivan in last year 's final to claim his first Crucible title .  Selby needed just four more frames to reach the second round .
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off .  That 's more than half of the 50g of sugar the World Health Organisation -LRB- WHO -RRB- recommends per day .  A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg-and the chocolate bar that comes with it-will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off .  The egg contains 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5 g , almost
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade .  10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year , but there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register .  Human rights lawyer David Matas investigated allegations of organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners in China and uncovered some gruesome facts .  They believe the organs come from members of the
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool on his first return to his former club .  The Manchester United midfielder is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea .  Rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury .  Van Gaal expects to be without Michael Carrick , Phil
Photograph was taken in Kanagawa prefecture , Japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' , apparently-late last year .  Reddit user who posted it online insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work .  ` I ' m not saying it 's anything-just that it looks an awful lot like disembodied boots and legs ... ` ' Obiaruf ` told users .
Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a place in the semi-finals of the European Rugby Champions Cup .  The 31-year-old was mobbed by Sarries team-mates after being entrusted with the final kick of the game .  Saracens were dumped out of the competition by Racing Metro 92 .  Machenaud and Nil scored for England 's first team .  Hodgson 's side are now in the
Sybil Meister believes her daughter Koral Reef picked up the deadly Balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013 .  Reef married her high school sweetheart in July 2013 and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later .  By October 2014 , Reef would be dead .  Her mother is on a mission to educate the
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76,000 to the Peoria Republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending .  Schock , 33 , resigned from the House last month amid an expenses scandal .  He made appearances on Top Chef , the Colbert Report and the cover of Men 's Health .  Earlier this year it was discovered that
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public today .  Over a million people visit the walls every year , but this dropped to 910,000 last year .
Laura Everley , 36 , was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a Facebook post .  She had been suffering from bloating , back pain , constipation and urinate .  Had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis .  She put the symptoms down to those conditions , but it was only when she spotted a post .  It detailed all the same symptoms and she realised it could be
Broward State Attorney 's Office said they had already dismissed 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers .  The arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force .  Officer Alex Alvarez , 22 , who apparently created the video ,
The USA women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June .  There has been some controversy over the decision to use a black and white colour scheme .  Striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike 's design as innovative .  Nike have opted to put the focus of the new kit on the feet first .  The neon yellow socks or `
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner as Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday .  The Poland international returned to his former club after four years at the club .  Roman Weidenfeller saved Thomas Muller 's original effort but the ball fell to the Poland international .  The result restored Pep Guardiola 's side 's 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga .  Bayern suffered
Ryan Heritage , 18 , posted obnoxious message on Trowbridge police 's Facebook page .  They chased him on foot before finally grabbing him .  Police re-posted original message and added : ` His luck ran out # arrested '  He was charged with theft and burglary-and failing to answer bail on fraud charges .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Her Majesty 's @ BritishMonarchy account has 970,000 followers .  It is more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales .  King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima are also popular figures on Twitter .  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , who share an account with Prince Harry , are fourth .  The Queen 's first foray into photo-bombing , which came during last summer 's Commonwealth
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is two weeks away from the richest fight of all time against Manny Pacquiao .  The boxer will be worth more than $ 180m , Pacquiather $ 120m .  The mega mega-fight between the two best boxers on the planet would happen five years ago .  ` Five years too late , ' cry the critics . ` It 's all in the timing , ' smiles
Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .  Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of The Football Association .  Bill Kenwright , chairman of Everton Football Club , said : ` Words cannot describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian '  Toffees chairman said Sir Philip was ` simply a giant
U.S. . District Judge Susan Dlott has ordered the IRS to hand over a list of the 298 tea party groups it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status .  The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ` patriots ' or ` tea
Filipe Luis signed a three-year deal at Chelsea from Atletico Madrid last July .  But he has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge .  Luis said : ` I ' m happy at Chelsea . I want to stay at the club until the end of my contract `
Robert Fidler , 66 , secretly built dream home in Salfords , Surrey , without planning permission .  He hid behind hay bales , blue tarpaulin and tyres for four years .  Local authority laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission .  Now , after numerous court appearances , Eric Pickles has ruled it must be pulled down within 90 days .  Mr Fidler compared situation to an artist
Mark O ` Meara won the Masters by one shot from David Duval and Fred Couples in 1998 .  Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest Masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with Sam Snead and Ben Hogan .  Seve Ballesteros ` 1983 victory featured what he called ' the best golf of my life `  Lord Byron Nelson won the
Father Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner in 1983 .  Mr Baillie , 47 , says he was unable to trust adults after being molested .  Says decision not to prosecute peer for fourth time was a ` complete travesty '  Alison Saunders , Director of Public Prosecutions , concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead .  One of the nine victims waived his right to
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .  It 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .  ` That 's the end of the nesting dolls of egg ... an
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns , who travel to the settlement to study Tibetan Buddhism .  The sprawling settlement , Sertar , sits on elevations of 12,500 ft , and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study at the picturesque settlement .  The red and brown houses are nearly identical , with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets
Three people died after a crush developed outside Tsunami nightclub Santiago .  The crowd were trying to force their way into the Chilean capital .  British punk band Doom were performing inside the venue at the time .  Several people have been arrested in connection with the tragedy .  The band are described as Crust Punk and perform tracks such as Anti-Social and Raining Napalm .
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers .  They found that when the initial price is a round number , like $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non-round number .  In terms of the study , the word ` odd ' is used to represent an unusual number , and not the opposite
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United from Southampton for # 31.5 million last summer .  The 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances for the Red Devils .  Shaw 's first season at Old Trafford has been beset by injuries .  The defender picked up his latest injury during United 's 2-1 FA Cup exit at home to Arsenal last month .  Shaw says he does n't know what he would do
The actress and her fiance Ashton Kutcher responded to Kristina Karo 's claims she stole her chicken as a child .  Karo said she suffered emotional trauma when Kunis stole the chicken .  Kunis has responded to the claims with a tongue-in-cheek video .  The 37-year-old claims she will counter-sue the accuser for $ 5,000 .  Karo has a new music video out and Kunis is trying to launch a
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa .  It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  Comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .  He said Nike was singled out because of its associations with the
Robert Bates , 73 , is charged with second-degree manslaughter in shooting death of Eric Harris , 44 , on April 2 .  Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office claims he was not properly trained to be an armed deputy .  But the department 's official training and firearms records have been falsified .  At least three of Bates ` supervisors were removed from their posts after refusing to sign off
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window .  He is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber .  Owner Hisako Suzuki has trained him to open the window .  One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views .
First aid kits can cost as little as # 5 or even be bought in pound shops .  They are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns .  But more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work due to the price of NHS dental treatment .  Anecdotal evidence suggests that DIY dentistry is
Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of Garnett-Paul Spears .  Prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence , saying Spears made her son ill because she had a bizarre need for attention .  Spears ` lawyer Stephen Riebling said she was innocent , .  blamed the hospital for negligence , and said he plans to appeal .  The New
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League first leg .  Raphael Varane impressed again for Carlo Ancelotti 's side .  Jan Oblak was the most expensive goalkeeper in Spanish football history .  The Slovenian stopper was the only thing standing between the two sides .  Atletsico Madrid 's goalkeeper was brilliant again against Madrid .  The Slovenian goalkeeper made a hatful of first-half goals .  CLICK
Ruben Costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force .  The Northern Territory man pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone .  He was unable to contact his wife but , assuming she had left in a taxi , lied about his identity in a conversation with the taxi company to hunt down his spouse .  The taxi company
Graeme Oxby documented dozens of Elvis impersonators as they gathered at some of Europe 's biggest tributes to The King .  The 50-year-old , from East Yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ` The Kings of England '  He said : ` Elvis was a unique phenomenon , the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide '  A
Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek in Northern Territory .  She said she has never witnessed anything like this before .  The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 m croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community .  This was
Toulon winger Bryan Habana intercepted Ian Madigan 's long pass to race away unopposed at Stade Velodrome .  The Springbok wing stormed clear to for the game 's only try in the 90th minute .  Leigh Halfpenny scored 20 points from six penalties and a conversion for Toulon .  Toulon face Clermont Auvergne in the opening game of the European Champions Cup at Twickenham on Sunday .  The holders of
Janet and John Brennan bought Barnholm Castle , in Dumfries and Galloway , in 1997 for just # 65,000 .  The couple have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating it into a stylish home .  The Grade A-listed building is thought to have been used by Scottish Protestant Reformation leader John Knox as a hiding place .  The Brennan 's have spent two years getting planning
Andrew Chan , then 21 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 24 , were first convicted in 2005 .  The pair were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia .  13 years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine are dead .  They were attracted to
Candice Swanepoel , Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in lingerie campaign .  South African model , 26 , wears see-through macs , blow-dries and push-up bras .
Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario del Fabro , Marco Silvestri , Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani all withdrawn .  Six players were told they were injured and could not travel to London .  It is understood Neil Redfearn and the medical team were unaware of any injuries .  Five of the players were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino .
A dog who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners .  April Morris thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , Nina Louise , again .  But this past Saturday she saw footage of the malnourished canine 's heartbreaking rescue on local news .  Nina Louise had just given birth to ten pups after months of searching and a $ 500 cash
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders .  On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named Leo .  To make her dolls she often uses real furs-such as mink and fox-which she recycles from old hats , collars or coats .  She also
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park , California .  Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr . 's feat .  Weber 's flight experience goes back decades : he flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War , and also served as a Korean War flight instructor .
Surgical unit at St Mary 's Hospital , London , has not accepted new patients .  Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae , or CPE .  The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine .  The 20-bed unit , which specialises in vascular surgery , is now undergoing a deep cleaning and patients continued to be screened for the bacteria .
Ronnie O ` Sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table .  The world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he 's going to make his dinner or not .  ` The Rocket ' has openly questioned his commitment to the sport .
Louisa Steckenreuter , 35 , was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year .  The mother-of-two , from Dulwich Hill , in Sydney 's inner-west , has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy .  She turned to a new drug , Keytruda , to help fight off the deadly disease .  The medication costs $ 6000 a month , and is not subsidised on the Pharmaceutical
Gizzi Erskine , 35 , posed for Puss Puss magazine with pet cat Kimchi .  Cat fancier , from east London , said taramasalata would be his ` death row dish '  Spent two-tiered cake covered with cat treats and bowls brimming with caviar .  Also included jellied fish heads made of octopus , lobster and prawns .  Added that her pet shorthair , Kimchi , has such a discerning
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media .  ` The Diggers are Dole Bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January .  The administrator of the page claims that those in the armed forces are ` being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary '  One meme posted
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona .  The Brazilian right-back has rejected the club 's final contract offer .  Dinorah Santana , Alves 's agent and ex-wife , confirmed that the defender had rejected a three-year contract extension .  The 31-year-old has been linked with a number of clubs including Manchester United and Manchester City , as well as Paris St Germain .
Abubaker Deghayes , 46 , is the father of two British jihadis killed in Syria .  His eldest son Amer , 21 , is fighting for the group Jabhat al-Nusra .  He has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks .  He has now left his home in Brighton to travel to the Middle East to find his son .  His two sons Abdullah , 18
Donna Oettinger , 41 , had sought psychiatric help in months before death .  She had tried to kill herself three months before tragedy but was unable to receive treatment recommended to her by doctors .  She had starting suffering depression after going to Zaki 's father , Mohammed El Shaer , in Egypt , and discovering he had another family , an inquest heard .  Her mental health had
More than 4,000 well-wishers , including hundreds of school children , lined the streets of Dereham to cheer on the Light Dragoons .  The regiment , which has most recently served in Iraq and Afghanistan , are moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick , North Yorkshire .  More than 250 men and women of the regiment were inspected by a number of officials , including the county
Juventus have ruled out a move for Radamel Falcao .  The Serie A champions claim his wages are ` beyond their means '  The 29-year-old has scored only four goals since arriving at Old Trafford .  Juventus have expressed an interest in Palermo youngster Paulo Dybala .  PSG 's Edinson Cavani could be a cheaper alternative .
Neil Robertson beat Jamie Jones 10-2 at The Crucible in Sheffield .  The Australian has committed more hours to the game than ever before .  The 33-year-old believes it will help him become a multiple winner of the sport 's major crowns .  Barry Hawkins beat qualifier Matthew Selt in a final-frame decider .  Ding Junhui lost the first four frames of his first-round match against veteran Mark Davis .
Incredible pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia 's east coast .  The images were taken in Jervis Bay , the south coast of NSW .  A similar display was shown in Sydney 's Manly Beach in August 2014 .
Tory chairman Grant Shapps said : ` The only way Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he 's carried there by the SNP '  ` Nicola Sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts . It would be a disaster , ' he said .  Campaign comes as SNP leader uses article in Scottish Mail on
U . S Surgeon General Vivek Murthy has enlisted Elmo to urge children to get vaccinated .  Campaign video sees him and Elmo explain why everyone does n't get a shot .  Elmo tells him : ` Why does everyone need a shot , anyway ? '  In response , he says he is ` worried about getting a shot '  The video has been released in the wake of
New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up .  The house was listed by its former owners with just a $ 1 reserve , despite its million-dollar price-tag .  Before the auction , Mr Keegan questioned whether the owners would get the $ 95,000 they had paid in October 2010 .  The average house-price in Auckland is $ 766,912 , almost seven times
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT at Halfords .  But when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin .  His dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone .  Mr Ingram , from Saltash in Cornwall , says it shows it was a pre-planned
Jisr al-Shughour , a city in Idlib province , was captured by al-Qaeda-linked group .  Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter .  He narrates the video from a car driving into the city from behind the camera .  He claims al-Nusra has ` freed ' the city , but residents flee on foot and in cars .  Hours later , Syrian government carried out more
Jonah Willow , 12 , played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours .  The Russian suggested a draw after two hours of play .  Jonah beat three other players in the Nottingham Chess Congress .  His father Simon Scott said : ` The grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through '  ` We were all completely amazed . We could
Jason Denayer is set to return to England to spend a season on loan .  The 19-year-old defender has been in impressive form for Celtic .  Manchester City want to see him spend a year in the English second tier .  But City will block any move by Celtic to instigate another one-year deal .  Celtic striker John Guidetti faces disciplinary action if he is to be punished for singing
Xiao Ying , 17 , dumped her newborn child in a toilet after giving birth .  When a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was ` icy cold '  When he came clean when managers saw that she had blood on her shoes .  She said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant and wanted to ` forget the entire incident '  She said
Nandi has been called Nandi-a nickname for Lord Krishna .  He is being fed three times a day at a dairy farm in Narnaul , northern India .  In India 's Hindu culture , cows are revered as a symbol of life .  Many of them kneel before him to pray and touch his hooves .  Nandi 's two eyes are positioned in such a way on his distorted head
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed .  Thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury .  The churchgors were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation , which rents out the church space .  The cause of the collapse is currently being
Ms Jobs , 51 , called former First Lady Hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman , and said that it 's not just because she 's a woman-but ` the type of woman she is '  Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday-and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet ` ordinary ' voters in Iowa .  But she was blasted for
Sophia , the daughter of a lesbian couple , has made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby .  The first-grader explains the baby-making process in a cute way .  The film was created by The Next Family , an organisation that supports diverse families .
Researchers at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne in Switzerland tricked test subjects into feeling an unexpected ` presence ' in the room .  Blindfolded and wearing ear-plugs , test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device .  behind them , the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back .  The sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with
Wayne Rooney has revealed he is captaining Manchester United ` his own way '  Rooney was handed the captain 's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer .  Rooney has played under a number of big names for club and country .  The England skipper has also played with leaders Steven Gerrard and John Terry .  Rooney does n't hesitate to tell his team-mates what he thinks .  CLICK HERE
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for Brentford just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage .  McCormack 's 67th-minute penalty halved the deficit for Mark Warburton 's side .  Alan Judge 's stunning free-kick made it 2-1 in the 90th minute .  Brentford 's Mark Jota scored a consolation goal for the Bees in the second half .  Brentford remain in the Championship after a win and a draw .
Richard Curry , 71 , was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum .  He was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer spreading .  He could be fitted with a prosthetic but could have magnetic implants inserted .  They were inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity to keep his new nose in place .  Mr Curry , from Loveclough ,
Joshua Sweet , 20 , broke into victim 's home and sexually assaulted her as she lay in bed .  The 24-year-old teacher awoke to find intruder ` standing beside her bed '  Sweet then touched the defendant sexually , saying ` you ' re not going to make any noise are you ? `  Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been ` scarred psychologically '  But he was
Disturbing images taken at execution site in Ghanzi , Afghanistan , show three Afghan prisoners waiting for their deaths .  The three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from the gunmen , before being shot in the head at point-blank range .  Hundreds of locals had gathered to witness the public executions , which took place earlier today .  Men , women and children were seen huddled
Abou Diaby 's contract expires at the end of the season .  Midfielder has suffered 42 injuries since signing for the Gunners in 2006 .  Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer Diaby a new contract .  The Frenchman will be allowed to use the training facilities at the Emirates even if he does n't stay at the club .
The Hospital of Dolls , or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome , was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago .  Today their descendants , Federico , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition .  The business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics .  But soon the dolls began to take over the studio .
Education Secretary said she would quit if Tories entered power-sharing deal .  Said Nigel Farage is ` not my cup of tea ' and would question whether she was ` happy to serve '  Mr Farage has said he is not seeking ministerial office in a coalition .  But he would demand a referendum on Britain leaving the EU as the price for Ukip MPs .  But polls suggest support
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix next week .  Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as ` astonishing '  The offer from one of the country 's biggest mortgage lenders launches on Monday .  It is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies .  15 lenders had already
Sgt Louise Lucas , 41 , was killed by a bus in Swansea , South Wales , earlier this month .  She was on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter Olivia when she was hit .  The pair were inches from the bus but Sgt Lucas pushed her daughter to safety .  The mother-of-three , from Llanishen , Cardiff , was rushed to hospital where doctors battled to save
Sign written in ancient Greek and Latin has been branded ` elitist '  It has been fixed outside a university building in Cambridge .  It warns that bikes will be ` removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind a building previously used by the Greek Orthodox Church .
The 25-year-old looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment .  Princess Eugenie mingled with a host of A-listers and film industry bigwigs at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City .  The event was also attended by Dakota Fanning and Kelly Brook .  The cousin of Princes William and Harry has been living in the U.S. . for a year now , working
Adidas Boost trainers have been on sale since February at a RRP of # 130 .  Femail writer and marathon runner Lucy Waterlow took them for a test run .  She tested them against Aldi 's # 19.99 # 19.99 trainers ahead of the London Marathon .  Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow -LRB- Thursday -RRB- .  Boost technology is a type of cushioning
Novak Djokovic beat qualifier Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 .  World number one will now face Andreas Haider-Maurer in the next round .  David Ferrer joins Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the third round .  Jeremy Chardy will face Roger Federer on Wednesday .  Juan Monaco and Lucas Pouille will face Stan Wawrinka and Rafael Nadal .
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton 's players to refocus their minds on European qualification .  Victor Wanyama 's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal .  Morgan Schneiderlin , Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away .  Wanyama was quoted on Thursday saying Arsenal were interested in his services .  Mauricio Pochettino returned
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault , unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment .  Authorities said the 45-year-old woman , from White Plains , did injections in people 's mouths , performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients ` teeth .  She was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was illegally
Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from South America to Somerset .  It is believed the large shorebird was last seen in the UK in 1988 .  More than 1,000 bird watchers lined the Shapwick Heath to see the rare bird .  The wader is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts , the Black Tailed godwit .  Each spring the wader heads to its breeding grounds
Border patrol boats first identified an underwater target yesterday , before detecting it again early this morning and dropping ` warning ' depth charges .  Finland 's defence minister did not say whether Russia was involved but told local media that the target could have been a submarine .  It comes just months after Sweden suspected Russia of sending a vessel into waters close to the capital Stockholm .  Moscow
Sean Heslop has been suspended as executive principal of two schools in Kent .  The 47-year-old has been questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust .  The former pupil , now 18 , is now said to be pregnant with his child .  She described herself as a ` mummy-to-be ' on one social media page .  ` Sean is the happiest he 's ever been , '
Prisoner Royston Coates posted pictures of himself in his cell on Facebook .  He is serving a 10-year sentence for helping to stab a man in a random attack .  In one of the first posts , Coates joked : ` Go out or stay in ? Hmmmmmm '  In another message , he said he was ` glad I am locked away ' so he would n't have to
Eloise Parry , known as Ella , ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing DNP .  The highly-toxic substance is unsuitable for human consumption because of its toxicity .  The 21-year-old 's metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat .  Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her , she died three hours later .  Mother Fiona , 51 , has issued a stark warning about buying
The Bay Ridge block in Brooklyn was named in league table of complaints .  Complaints of loud sex were made to 311-New York city 's non-emergency number .  Woman , 25 , said : ` I ' m doing what I 's doing in my own apartment `  Neighbours said he would n't mind if other people were as noisy as him .  When he knocked on the door a
Lisa Heath , 45 , an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School , Gwent .  She initially denied the drugs were hers , saying they had been planted on her .  But she later changed her story , accepting a caution for possession .  Gwent Police confirmed that Ms Heath has been suspended from teaching .  Blaenau Gwent Council said she was being dealt with through ` appropriate internal channels
Three-time Masters champion Sir Nick Faldo appeared to give Rory McIlroy a squeeze during Monday 's practice round at Augusta National .  The 25-year-old was on the cover of Men 's Health magazine and admitted he was ` obsessed with the gym '  Faldo said : ` The heaviest weight I would ever lift was my body weight '  The Northern Irishman is bidding to win a fifth major and
Ralph Cramer , 70 , and his wife , Lynn , 59 , were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p . m . on Sunday when the accident occurred .  First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash .  The couple 's 1923 Model T Ford convertible , which had been rebuilt ,
Jose Mourinho went without a striker for Chelsea against Arsenal .  Eden Hazard , Willian and Oscar have an element of fantasy about their game .  The Chelsea boss has been deprived of Diego Costa and Loic Remy in recent weeks , and his warrior Drogba could not train all week .  When it comes to work-rate , discipline and desire , no-one can accuse these players of cheating .
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach .  The former St Mirren boss looks set to take over at Alloa .  Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned .
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of ` Hot Jupiter ' HD 189733b .  They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000 °C in the atmosphere .  And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph -LRB- 1,000 km / h -RRB- .  The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals .  The exoplanet is located 370 trillion miles -LRB- 600 trillion km -RRB- from Earth .  It
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell , Markus Asberg , Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund stopped a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday .  A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media , gaining them attention from hoards of fans , both male and female .  Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and
Yemeni rebels have seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi 's palace .  The same day Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak .  One of their leaders Khalid Batarfi was among the rebels ` top regional commanders .  He is known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops .  Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes , an official said .  Elsewhere ,
Little owl desperately tried to interrupt a brotherly cuddle between his two siblings in Buckinghamshire .  The needy owl was spotted creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother 's wing .  The little owl 's sibling rivalry then gets the better of him , as he swoops under its wing , prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war .  The scene was photographed from just six
Doctors were fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area of Iraq .  Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment .  When they refused on the grounds they do not support ISIS 's activities , they were murdered .  Details of the murders were reported by country 's Al-Sumaria satellite television network .  News comes as the jihadis reportedly executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters .  Members of the Al-Karableh
Kenneth Stancil , 20 , is accused of shooting dead 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Monday morning .  He allegedly shot Lane , who worked in the college 's print shop , for trying to molest his brother .  He was removed from the courtroom on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table .  He told the judge
Sky Sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016 .  This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced .  England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday 's friendly draw with Italy at the Juventus Stadium .  There is no suggestion that
Ed Miliband accused of snubbing Britain 's army of self-employed workers .  Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party 's ` union paymasters '  In special Election edition , magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves .
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke .  The 33-year-old stabbed her in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four-and-a-half inch knife .  He said the attack was triggered by a row over what to watch on the television .  Ms Winters was unable to work due to depression and had learning difficulties .  Her brother Stephen Robinson is appealing for
Students at Wellington College , in Berkshire , have been left devastated by the blunder .  The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no questions related to the taught text .  The school , which charges # 33,000-a-year , has apologised for the error .
A generous double room in Peckham , south-east London , has been put up for rent for just # 400 a month .  In an advert posted on Gumtree , an honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom .
The fort was found on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven , Aberdeenshire .  Archaeologists believe it was built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country .  The Picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the Forth and Clyde during the Late Iron Age and Early Medieval period .  Stone used to construct the walls were also engraved with Pictish designs of fish
Dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the Harbour city , a record growth and the strongest increase since April in 2009 .  The average median house price across the combined capital cities is now $ 530,000 , with Sydney being the only city to surpass the figure with a median of $ 690,000 .  Canberra surprisingly performed second best to Sydney over the quarter with a 4.1 per
Hannah Wilson 's body was found in rural Brown County , about 10 miles from the Indiana University campus , on Friday morning .  Daniel Messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death .  Spierer , 20 , vanished after a night out at a bar in Bloomington with a group of friends on Monday and put her in a taxi to go
Thomas Hoey Jr . , 43 , was sentenced to 12.5 years prison Wednesday by U.S. . District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan .  He refused to help Kimberly Calo , 41 , who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol at a three-night sex romp at a Midtown hotel in January 2009 .  Calo 's mother-of-two , Nicole Zobkiw , foamed at the mouth , bled from
The Coast Guard Cutter Boutwell arrived in San Diego with more than 14 tons of cocaine .  The drugs were seized by U.S. . and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents .  It was part of a surge of seizures near Central and South America .  It included a 10 1 / 2-ton bust from a coastal freighter .
Theo Walcott has been named on Arsenal 's substitutes ` bench for 17 of their 33 Premier League games .  The 26-year-old has been overlooked by Arsene Wenger 's side for most of the season .  The winger has been pictured with Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta , David Ospina , Mathieu Flamini , Mesut Ozil and Calum Chambers .  Arsenal face Hull City at the KC Stadium on Monday
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted ` white college-boy , ... khaki-pants types ' who were ` easy to intimidate '  That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial .  Witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $ 80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats
Nathaniel Clyne has impressed for Southampton this season .  The defender has been linked with a move away from the south coast .  Ronald Koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep the defender at the club .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news .
Under the new Scottish drink-drive law the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg .  The effect of the drop in sales is so severe , it is being blamed for a poor result in the country 's latest Bank of Scotland PMI report .  Publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006
Leicester City have been rooted to the bottom of the Premier League since November .  The Foxes are now just three points behind the relegation zone .  Late goals from Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy secured a 3-2 victory against West Brom .  Leicester play five of their final seven games at home .
With miles of sea to play in , you can swim , snorkel , canoe , scuba dive and sail .  The Dhaalu Atoll is a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital Malé .  It 's not surprising the Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years .  Penny has snorkelling , visits to the spa and walks around the island .  The sensational music venue
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide .  He starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool .
In the first three months of the year , 434,775 people waited longer than four hours .  More than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time .  This is compared to just 353,000 in 2009 / 10-the worst on record since 2004 .  113,648 waited longer for four-hours on trolleys in A & E , and 983 over 12 hours .  NHS England figures show
Stacey Eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the Airport Line train on Wednesday .  Her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia on Thursday morning .  Social media fraudsters are trying to cash in on the sudden public profile of the 23-year-old Sydney resident .  Ms Eden said : ` The only
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew .  He will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival .  Harry will be forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army , followed by a week long tour of New Zealand .  Instead he spent time playing
Deva Joseph was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain .  The 14-year-old offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted-even though she is too young to have one .  She even offered to leave the bag at the airport as
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night .  Thierry Henry said Francis Coquelin was his man of the match .  The 23-year-old played a key role in Aaron Ramsey 's 12th-minute goal .  Henry was speaking on Sky Sports ` coverage of the Premier League encounter .
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip .  She was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water .
Mike Ashley has been accused of making Newcastle a ` boring ' club .  Jamie Carragher has accused the billionaire owner of only being interested in making money .  Fans boycotted Newcastle 's 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday .  Fans gathered outside St . James ` Park and were united in choruses of ' We ` re rich but our team is s * * * '
Kourtnie A . Sanchez , 25 , was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor .  She was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka , Kansas , during the fall 2014 semester .  Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 .  However it is unclear how many victims there were .
Jimmy Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua .  He moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 Test wickets .  Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is ` just around the corner '  West Indies fell to 155 for four in response to England 's first-innings total of 399 .  West Indies vice-captain
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history .  The pair were joined in Los Angeles by his wife Jinkee and their five children .  The couple recently purchased a mansion in Beverly Hills for # 8.4 million .  Both men are expected to begin their final week of hard training this week .  They will be
Tom Sturridge , 29 , is best known for playing long-haired hipster Sienna Miller .  He 's set to star in the new adaptation of Far From The Madding Crowd .  The London-born actor will play Sergeant Troy to Carey Mulligan 's Bathsheba .  He is also set to release a film with Ryan Gosling later this year .  Until now it was his relationship with Sienna Miller which began
Diane Morris , 46 , is engaged to Mike Holpin , 56 , of Ebbw Vale , South Wales .  The pair met online in 2012-and he 's still on Plenty of Fish .  Ms Morris has brushed off claims he still uses dating site to meet more women .  She says the two are ` crazy for each other ' and that she trusts him ` completely '  Mr
McDonald 's says it 's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize .  The company expects the new ` Artisan Grilled Chicken ' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. . stores by the end of next week , in products including a new sandwich , as well as existing sandwiches , wraps and salads .  It says the biggest change is the removal
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while jogging in Oklahoma in August 2013 .  He was born in Melbourne , Australia , but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him .  The couple had returned from a trip to Australia just two days earlier .  Harper sat and listened to
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester .  Astrophysics undergraduate had bought the drugs via the ` dark web '  Torin , a student at Aberystwyth University , bought the drug on separate occasions .  Coroner said it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '  Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be
Simon Mignolet has backed Divock Origi to be a success at Liverpool .  The 19-year-old joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer 's World Cup .  Origi has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 , scoring just seven goals .  He was recently voted the second most overrated player in a poll by France Football .
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk .  It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide .  Material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger .  It comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging .  The simulation could provide an insight into
A lack of iron , especially in women , is known to trigger hair loss .  But should you take iron pills to treat it ? ` says Dr Vicky Jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the Royal London Hospital and a specialist in hair loss .  Sally-Ann Tarver , a former president of the Trichological Society , recommends Florisene pills -LRB- # 15.95 , lambertshealthcare . co . uk
The man , known only as Jason , from Vancouver , uploaded the video to YouTube .  It shows him popping a grape-sized cyst with a pair of pliers and a screwdriver .  His sister-in-law then hammers the needle deeper into the swelling .  She then begins the horrifying process of hammering the growth .  He says : ` It 's in there pretty good . Now we ' ve
The Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to camp at allocated locations with ` high tourist appeal '  These locations are Cronulla beach and Wanda beach , both in southern Sydney .  Many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets .  A short-stay camping site close to the beach would encourage seasoned travellers , retirees and various
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves , with leaders calling their plans to ride through Poland a ` provocation '  The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen at the border crossing between Brest , Belarus , and Terespol , Poland .  Some Russian bikers had been seen entering Poland earlier but appeared to belong to another organisation whose members are
Former head of Scotland Yard 's elite Flying Squad said the raid could be linked .  John O ` Connor said the massive fire in Holborn could be a coincidence .  The fire started last Wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out .  Fire experts said the fire was caused by an electrical fault in the Victorian tunnels .  It is believed an alarm was triggered when
Petr Cech posted a YouTube cover of ` Magnificent ' by U2 .  Cech has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho 's pecking order .  The Czech Republic international is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer .  Arsenal and Liverpool are among those linked with Cech 's future .
David Cameron hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign .  He vowed to carry on warning about Labour 's threat to the economy .  Mr Cameron today faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far .  Tory donors rounded on party 's lacklustre message and failure to pull away .  But defiant Mr Cameron pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues .  Said he would campaign
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday evening .  Gareth Bale appears to have picked up a foot injury during Tuesday .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side travel to the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday .  Bale scored Real 's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of Granada on Sunday .  Castilla players Martin Odegaard and Alfonso Herrero are unlikely to be involved .
Scientists have found compounds in camomile and yarrow in Neanderthal teeth .  The compounds were found in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old teeth found in Spain .  The ancient plants were used to flavour the meat that dominated their diet .  This suggests that fat and meat had instead been cooked off the bones .  This suggests they may have used herbs to make food more palatable .
Amelia-Jane Harris , 20 , used to weigh 27st 10lbs -LRB- 388lbs -RRB- and was a size 32 .  She developed Crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months .  The condition means she cannot eat and cannot keep food down .  She says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back .
Poppy Moore wed childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office .  The 23-year-old wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses .  She hosted a reception for 50 at the Mayfair Hotel .
Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG on Tuesday night .  The former Spain international made his 148th Champions League appearance .  Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi 's total if he plays against Atletico .  Xavi also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase of the Champions League .
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman 's body in his car .  The man ran into bushland after officers stopped the car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley , on the far south coast of NSW .  ` Show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screamed at the man .  Daniella D
Clare Verrall , 31 , was walking her dog in Prahran , Melbourne , when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins .  He attacked her and she was left with a broken nose , broken toe , and many other bruises and scratches .  She said she does n't believe she would have been able to fight off her assailant had she not learned self-defence .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club .  Liverpool face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday .
Cristiano Ronaldo , Carlos Tevez , Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique are all in the Champions League 's final four .  Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez were part of David Moyes ` side last season .  But they have all made the semi-finals in their former club 's absence .  There will be at least one former Old Trafford representative at the final .
Matilda Fitt , who played baby Julia Poldark , was born nine weeks early in Barry , South Wales .  She was chosen to play to Julie , who died from putrid throat because of her small size .  Now 21 months old , she won the part to make her small screen debut .  Mrs Fitt took Matilda for filming in Cornwall last year to meet stars Aiden Turner
Middlesbrough striker Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year .  MK Dons midfielder Dele Alli was named the Football League 's Young Player of The Year .  The 19-year-old has scored 16 goals for Karl Robinson 's side this season .  Preston 's Joe Garner earned the League One award , while Danny Mayor of Bury topped the list in League Two .  Veteran striker Kevin Phillips was
Ed Miliband has hired a US guru to help him find his ` inner voice '  The consultants claim to work with politicians to build ` leadership skills '  They claim to use ` neuroscience ' and ` business psychology '  Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look ` authentic ' and tutorials .  The firm , which uses some American spellings , is based in Britain
Ibrahim Ahmad , 18 , wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives to ask a date to the prom .  He will miss his prom because of the five-day suspension .  School Superintendent Mark Mansell says Ahmad 's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment .  ` I ' m Middle Eastern , and I thought the bomb was
Researchers at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University in Japan have found a pattern in skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the Namibian desert .  While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random , as if the landscape is marked with freckles , the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells .  Desert fairy circles are considered one of nature 's greatest
Mohammed Alam , Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary ` like a job , a profession '  They raided 21 homes in west London , Herfordshire and Surrey .  They took a Ferrari , Porches , Minis , paintings and cash worth # 1million .  They waited until home owners were on holiday before striking , police said .  The trio were jailed for a total of 17 years
Ellen Weirich created ` Le Femme ' finishing school for transgender women .  It offers training to cross-dressers to help them transition from masculine to feminine .  The school is held in Ellen 's home which houses a vast collection of wigs , make-up and clothes which her clients have access to .  Clients learn how to walk gracefully in heels , speak like a lady and dress according to
Taliban release bizarre biography of ` charismatic ' leader Mullah Omar .  One-eyed warrior-cleric praised for ` special ' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers .  Describes him as ` actively involved in ' jihadi activities ` , dispelling speculation he died long ago .  Also describes RPG-7 grenade launcher as his ` preferred weapon of choice '  Omar has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion
Mark Faville , of Christiansburg , Virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne , who died in 2000 after being suffocated in a homicidal manner .  The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning .  The couple 's two daughters both testified
Police were making final security checks outside St . Mary 's Hospital in Paddington .  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on 25th April .  Self-confessed royal ` superfan ' John Loughrey , 60 , led the pack of royal fans .  He was the only member of the public to attend every day of Diana 's inquest .  He delighted the world 's media
The UCO Stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to it .  The match sticks are dipped into the coating , which keeps the match stick even underwater , then reignites once exposed to oxygen .  They have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations .  They include 25 matches in a
Ashley Young was in attendance as Crawley Town beat Oldham 2-0 on Monday .  Young 's younger brother Lewis is a regular in the club 's side .  Young played 70 minutes in United 's 3-1 victory over his former club Aston Villa .  Louis van Gaal 's men are third in the Premier League on 62 points .
Rafael Nadal was beaten 6-4 , 7-6 -LRB- 8-6 -RRB- by Italian Fabio Fognini .  It was the world No 4 's first win in his six Barcelona appearances .  He will now face Pablo Andujar in the quarter-finals .  Defending champion Kei Nishikori had little trouble going past Santiago Giraldo in straight sets .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona Open news .
Former lecturer Martyn Reuby won first round of legal battle against Unite .  Tribunal ruled he had been employed to teach its courses .  Unite has led campaign against zero-hours contracts , which it says amount to ` exploitation '
Best-selling interior designer Abigail Ahern has a new book Colour .  Says walking into her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment '  Kelly Wearstler 's Malibu beachhouse is ` the most beautiful and complex I ' ve ever seen `
Marie Csaszar , 45 , died last September after a 10-year battle with a brain tumour .  She had worked for seven years at the BBC 's financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager .  Her widower Paul says she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders .  He believes the BBC failed in its duty of care to his late
The family of murdered Australian baseball player Chris Lane broke down in court .  The 22-year-old was shot in the back with a . 22 calibre handgun in August 2013 .  His parents , Donna and Peter Lane , listened to a frantic seven-minute 911 call .  Two bystanders tried to resuscitate the young man who stopped breathing .  Mr Lane , who was on a baseball scholarship with Oklahoma
Cui Hongfang was visiting the Great Wall of China when she was hit .  The 73-year-old woman hit the back of her head on a corner of the wall .  The Canadian tourist , 38 , has since returned to Canada .
Raquel D ` Apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey , created Yelp Reviews of Newborns , an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today .  The website was written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five .  NewMom417 noted that her ` extremely
Sussex Police accused of ` victim-blaming ' in its campaign .  It urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers .  Women 's rights groups say rapists are to blame for sex attacks , not victims .  Poster features a picture of two smiling young women posing for a selfie .  It says : ` Which one of your mates is most vulnerable on
Terrifying incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel .  Six people were forced to jump onto the tarmac to escape the flames .  Video shows people leaping from the plane before a fire engine raced to put out the flames .  The small plane was scheduled to fly out to Russia from the Middle Eastern country .
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window .  Six people are believed to have been killed in violent protests in South Africa .  Protests started two weeks ago in Durban , a key port on South Africa 's Indian Ocean coast .  Around 200 protesters pelted passing vehicles and police with rocks .  Police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester City last summer .  Midfielder has been in excellent form for the Foxes this season .  Nigel Pearson is keen for the 34-year-old to stay .  Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League .
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend as they struggle to cover the costs of penalty rates on public holidays .  Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $ 50 an hour as a casual .  The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in
Jake Shaw , 21 , was volunteering as a climbing instructor at Kandersteg International Scout Centre .  He had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with drinking games .  Just before his death he had been drinking games called ` Power Hour ' and ` Ring of Fire '  He returned to his room at 2.45 am in a ` very drunk state ' , inquest heard .  It is
Gary Ballance 's hundred looks to have closed the door on a return for Kevin Pietersen .  Former captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now ` running out of time ' to resurrect his Test career .  Pietersen will be 35 on June 27 , before the home Ashes series starts .  Flintoff did give his full backing to struggling captain Alastair Cook .  ` He 's one of the
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling 's situation at Liverpool .  Manchester City , Chelsea , Real Madrid , Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are among his admirers .  Juventus have made an offer for Belgian midfielder Axel Witsel .  Italian champions want at least # 55m for midfielder Paul Pogba .
Morgan Geyser , 12 , and her friend Anissa Weier , 13 , are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner in Waukesha , Wisconsin in May 2014 .  Her attorney , Anthony Cotton , applied to have her $ 500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders .  But
Pupils ` excessive consumption of energy drinks is causing deteriorating behaviour .  NASUWT general secretary likened the caffeinated refreshments to ` readily available legal highs '  Some children drink ` excessive ' amounts of Red Bull , Monster and Relentless , causing ` hyperactivity ' and an ` inevitable crash ' later , it has been claimed .  13 per cent cited ` use of caffeine and energy drinks ...
Juventus were beaten 1-0 by Monaco in the 2003 Champions League final .  Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the Old Trafford final .  Gianluigi Buffon 's side are now back in Europe 's top-flight .  The club have endured a tough few years , including relegations , promotions , league titles , stripped league titles and European failure at the hands of relative minnows like Fulham and Bordeaux
Kingston Road in Stockton is the setting for the latest series of Benefits Street .  Neighbours claim housing bosses have given it a makeover .  They say they are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area .  Residents say the estate , owned by local housing group Thirteen Group , will look ` completely different '  ` It 's normally quite a grotty street . The front gardens
Virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit before and after images of some of the most well known landscapes as we have never seen them before .  Nearly 100 submissions have been created , with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high Eiffel Tower in their creations .  Without the Statue of Liberty to draw boats of tourists , Liberty Island looks forlorn and barren .  The River Thames
Ukip leader says he will ` smash apart ' Labour 's ` one-party state '  Accuses party of making racist claims because it is ` running scared '  Calls on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to beat Labour in target seats .  Claims traditional Labour voters want to send a message to Ed Miliband , ` you do n't represent us anymore '  He said : ` The truth is
Eben Kaneshiro , 35 , was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy .  Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail .  There have been 11 suicide attempts at the jail in the last year .
Tranmere are bottom of the Conference after a 3-0 defeat against Oxford .  Micky Adams left the club by ` mutual consent ' with two games to go .  The Wirral 's only professional sports outfit are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool .  The battle between Barnet and Bristol Rovers to win automatic promotion to the Football League will go down to the last game .  Bristol
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two teenaged boys were abused .  Two boys , aged 14 and 15 , were separated from other passengers for body searches .  Alleged abuse sparked unauthorized protests at the Saudi Embassy in Tehran on Saturday .  Some 500,000 Iranians visit Saudi Arabia each year for the off-season hajj pilgrimage to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's holiest sites .  Comes amid escalating
Antoine Griezmann opened the scoring for Real Sociedad after 10 minutes .  Arda Turan doubled Atletico Madrid 's lead after just 90 seconds .  Mikel Gonzalez diverted a corner past Geronimo Rulli 's own keeper .  Gyes ` side have now conceded just 29 times in 21 La Liga games , climbing from the relegation zone to tenth place .  David Moyes took over at Manchester United in the summer
Between 2011 and 2051 , the UK 's population will rise from 63.4 million to 77.4 million .  While the number of white Britons will increase over that time , by almost three million , the minority population will increase more than three times faster , by 10 million .  By the midpoint of the 21st century , minority ethnic communities will make up 24.3 per cent of the total
Zoella , real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg , has enjoyed a huge teen following on social media .  She posted a video entitled ` Stuff Your Mouth ' with ThatcherJoe -LRB- My Brother -RRB- .  The post has already attracted over 1.5 million views on YouTube .  Jamie Oliver 's company has warned that vloggers should be more aware of adverts .  Adverts for unhealthy foods are being hijacked by
David Serbeck , 42 , was shot and left paralyzed in July 2009 by the teenage victim 's angry father , Reggie Campos .  In March 2012 , Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison .  His defense team says the jury gave her client a long sentence after being led to believe he
The predicted life spans of women aged 65,75,85 and 95 fell in 2012 .  The first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded .  By 2013 , the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks -- five weeks less than in 2011 .  For a woman aged 85 , the expected span was six years and 42 weeks .
Cheng Chen , 27 , was inspired to make the Iron Man body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother .  He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements .  The finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack .  Cheng said he was too
Carla Zampatti 's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney 's Opera House today to mark the designer 's 50 years in fashion .  The collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties .  It features Indian Pinks , Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues against a backdrop of her signature black and white tailored pieces .  Stars including Delta Goodrem , Shanina Shaik
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi ` atul ' Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah wed in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch 's 1,788-room palace in Brunei 's capital , Bandar Seri Begawan .  Over the last 20 years , wedding expenditure has become an eye-popping affair , with celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions on their big day .  Even stars like Kim Kardashian and Elizabeth Taylor , who
Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets .  Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world .  The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look .  Mr Anderson ,
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Porto pair Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro .  City also interested in Wolfsburg 's Kevin de Bruyne .  City are currently fourth in the Premier League table .
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities .
Shadow chancellor said he would not make ` unfunded and uncosted commitments '  Comes after David Cameron pledged to give the NHS whatever it needed .  Mr Balls said : ` I 'll save the NHS but I ' m not going to make promises until we can show where the money is going to come from `  He added : ` If I roll up and say ' #
Australian man Ibrahim Jalloh and another Australian , Bengali Sherrif , were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014 .  The two Australians were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice .  Sherif has already been sentenced to death , according to the ABC .  The arrests were mentioned in a Melbourne Court last week where three men face trial , accused of being embroiled in a
Shannon Carter , 21 , repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill , 20 , with stiletto during night out .  Victim still has scar above her right eye and is afraid to leave house alone .  Carter , from East Bowling , Bradford , has been jailed for three-and-a-half years .  Judge David Hatton QC said she caused victim permanent scarring and psychological consequences .  Carter had earlier confrontation between Carter 's
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at Britannia Hotels in Leeds .  Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi .  She also claimed he stood behind her to ` grind ' up and down her back .
Wladimir Klitschko has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent .  The IBF , WBA and WBO heavyweight champion beat Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night .  The 6ft6in Ukrainian is mandatory challenger to the champion 's WBO belt and in line for a summer showdown .  The fight against Jennings was his first in the U.S. . since he fought Sultan Ibragimov in 2008
Two points separate four teams , with four games remaining in the Championship .  Aitor Karanka is targeting wins from all of his side 's remaining fixtures .  Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe insists that his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table .  Norwich City have won four on the spin and are the division 's form team .  Watford have the benefit of seeing
Drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the zoo 's chimp enclosure .  Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in Arnhem .  The craft was able to fly around the zoo-before arriving at the chimpanzee 's enclosure .
Ralph Vaughan Williams 's Lark Ascending topped Classic FM Hall of Fame .  It has been voted nation 's favourite piece of classical music .  It was played as Hayley took a lethal cocktail on Coronation Street last year .  The full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games .
Sarah Stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles , gave birth to a healthy baby boy named James Hunter the next day .  The lingerie-clad model , who is of European and Costa Rican descent , took her last pregnancy selfie on Monday , which she captioned : ` Still waiting # 9months -LSB- sic -RSB- '  The mother-to-be has gained over 1.6 million
Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare during the Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27 .  The keeper was carried off the pitch on a stretcher , which led to an 30 minute delay before play resumed .  The head of the Football Association of Montenegro -LRB- FSCG -RRB- branded fans who forced the abandonment as ` barbarians '  UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play
Bodycam footage shows Donald Allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett on April 11 .  Barnett , 25 , then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun .  The camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost .  It was forensically recovered , but the audio from the bodycam was not .  Deputy Chief of
Alastair Cook 's former team-mate Graeme Swann pointed out when the England captain 's form turned .  Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out after much discussion on day one .  Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada .  Joe Root ` was n't a massive fan ' after first time he faced now team-mates James
Self-styled ` angry Leftie revolutionary and magician ' Gareth Shoulder recruited by BBC .  24-year-old is a big fan of Brand and regularly messages comedian on social media .  He used ` @ bbcgen2015 ' Twitter page to make disparaging remark about Cameron and Ivan .  Ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy .
Ronald Anderson , 48 , was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington , D.C. . , suburb of Prince George 's County , according to court records .  The woman , whose 10-month-old son was home , told police that Anderson had hit her several times , knocking her into walls , because he thought she was looking at another man .  The
Mats Hummels has two years left on his contract at Borussia Dortmund .  The Germany international has been on Manchester United 's list of targets .  The 26-year-old sat out Dortmund 's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup on Tuesday night .  Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke is optimistic about extending his stay .
Marcus Copeland , 44 , splashed out almost # 1million to build the six-bedroom eco house .  He sourced specialist Scottish stone and installed the latest environmentally friendly technologies .  But yesterday it emerged that the married father-of-two 's dream had become a nightmare .  He admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than # 800,000 for the property .  At Caernarfon Crown Court the former journalist admitted one
British company Swan , which sold its first iron in 1933 , has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for # 279.99 .  It 's so heavy , at 1.3 kg , that I ` m in danger of developing muscles like Popeye if I keep using it .  The dolphin-shaped nose helps me reach tricky areas , such as around shirt buttons , but it makes the
Watford are top of the Championship with five games to go .  Eight clubs still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places .  The play-offs are notoriously hard to call but surely more so this season .  Bournemouth 's Matt Ritchie is a product of Portsmouth 's academy .  Bradley Johnson has scored more in 38 games than he had in previous four seasons .
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush .  Hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to Canada 's frozen wastes in the Yukon in 1896 .  Wendy flew over the world 's largest non-polar icefield in the Kluane National Park , which is home to a huge grizzly bear population .  Wendy
Atlanta-based photographer Kate T . Parker , from Atlanta , Georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella , nine , and Alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods .  ` The project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are and how that is OK-not only
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms .  The 32-year-old opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 .  He appeared on US reality series The Real Housewives of New Jersey .  Khan has now been placed on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted ` white collar criminals ' list .  Federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have been in scintillating form in recent games .  The pair have bagged braces in Manchester United 's last two wins .  Herrera scored his second goal against Aston Villa on Saturday .  Mata completed his brace against Liverpool with a stunning volley on the hour mark .  The pair are set to meet in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday .  CLICK
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield -LRB- 12.45 pm -RRB- .  Everton host West Ham United -LRB- 3pm -RRB- .  Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford .  Chelsea host Tottenham Hotspur -LRB- 5.30 pm -RRB- .  Crystal Palace host Manchester City -LRB- 8pm -RRB- .
Ellia Beasley , 22 , had the line ` scream your heart out ' tattooed across her belly .  The line was written in the song Rooftops by Lost Prophets .  Ellia , from New Milton , Hampshire , said she was never a fan of the band .  She had the tattoo because the lyrics resonated with her when she was younger .  Singer Ian Watkins , 37 ,
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano on April 8 .  The Portuguese forward only needed 288 games to reach the figure .  Ronaldo joined Real Madrid for a then world-record # 80million from Manchester United .  The 30-year-old has also claimed two Ballon d ` Or awards in that time .  Ronaldrim Benzema will miss Real Madrid 's clash with Malaga on Saturday with
Amanda Lukoff , from Arlington , Virginia , teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word , which is in pre-production while they try to raise $ 200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo .  Amanda was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle , who was born with Down syndrome .  She has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend .  The 23-year-old is hoping for third time lucky this weekend .  He missed qualifying and the race at Sepang due to a fuel system issue .  His new team-mate Roberto Merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap in Melbourne .
Peter Scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by AP McCoy .  In the all-time list of successful jockeys , great rival Richard Johnson is closest to him and the gap is around 1,500 winners .  McCoy outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks , with a staggering 1,040 weeks at the top .  His feat outstripped the European record of
The Hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from Harrods in London 's exclusive Knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990 .  Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room .  The apartment , in the same building where Gardner lived , is entered through a sweeping entrance hall .  The
James Comey said last week , ` In their minds , the murderers and accomplices of Germany , and Poland , and Hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil '  Comey 's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered .  In all , 6 million Polish
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a fishing rod .  Approaching the water , the youngster reels rapidly , but at this point it is n't clear whether or not he has hooked anything .  He puts his hand into the lake and plucks the fish from the water .  The fish breaks the surface of the water and he puts
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show , Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed by American politics and watching cable news .  Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore .  He also confessed that his ` moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started
The disused Rhondda Tunnel , which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills , was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks 50 years ago .  But engineers are due to visit the 3,148 m tunnel next week-for the first time since it closed-to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route .  Under the proposals , it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in
Ian Harris is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster .  His followers , known as Pastafarians , regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment .  He is challenging the DVLA over his right to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo .  The 51-year-old says it is equivalent to Muslim women being pictured in hijabs .  The musician has already been turned down once
The European Parliament is set to vote to close the loophole next week .  All alcoholic drinks are exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on their labels .  Under current EU regulations , producers are not obliged to reveal their products .  Winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise that a bottle of red wine has the same amount of calories as half a packet of digestive
Terrorist group Al Qaida seized control of a major airport , sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen today .  Comes amid wider chaos pitting Shiite rebels against forces loyal to President Ali Abdullah Saleh and a Saudi-led air campaign .  Militants clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen 's largest brigades outside Mukalla , a city the militants overran earlier this month .  The rebels are currently
David Fitzgerald , a San Francisco-based author , believes Jesus did not exist .  Claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts .  But other Jewish sect leaders from the time of Jesus do appear .  He points to discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark , Matthew and Luke .  Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real .  In a new
The suicides of five young sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the Australian Navy on HMAS Stirling over two years .  Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths .  Stuart Addison hanged himself while on-shore leave in 2011 .  His father , Mark Addison , was devastated by the blow and had to
Cuts were found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in Poitou-Charentes .  This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years .  Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives .  Study has , for the first time , studied the remains of three individuals .
Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday .  Massimiliano Allegri 's side are 12 points clear of Lazio in the Serie A .  Carlos Tevez has scored six Champions League goals this season .  The 31-year-old was playing for Boca Juniors in Argentina .  Tevez says he feels free at Juventus , back to the days when he was playing in the footsteps of Diego
The coin game dates back to Australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s .  This Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country .  Men and women were yelling ` heads ' or ` tails ' as coins were thrown in the air .
Investigative journalists at NBC 's Nightly News have been poring over Williams 's past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job in TV news .  Williams repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military chopper hit by an RPG over Iraq .  Further scrutiny turned up other questionable claims , including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the French
Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villa 's side for the FA Cup final .  The goalkeeper is putting Brad Guzan under pressure for the No 1 jersey .  The Republic of Ireland goalkeeper missed out on the semi-final win over Liverpool .  Tim Sherwood is looking to pick up the points needed to stay in the top-flight .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news
James Holmes is accused of opening fire on a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado in July 2012 for a midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises .  Holmes ` defense attorneys say he was the shooter , but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill .  Holmes ` lawyers are asking the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity , which
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu .  Javier Hernandez scored the winner in the 88th minute to put Real Madrid into the semi-finals of the competition .  Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute as Atletiko Madrid were forced to play with 10 men .  Atletisco Madrid were reduced to 10 men after the first half after a
Randy Johnston , 68 , from Dallas , Texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ` beds .  His son then went about filming the moment of discovery .  But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous .  His six-year-old granddaughter Porter got red-faced and dramatically crying in horror .
Zara Tindall , 33 , took part in charity Bell 's Barrel of Laughs trek to raise money for Help for Heroes .  Husband Rob Edmond , 16st 6ft rugby player , set off from Perthshire to Wiltshire .  Mr Edmond , who was personal trainer on ITV 's The Biggest Loser , was joined by comedians Fred MacAulay , Mark Dolan and Rufus Hound .  ` I did all
Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait .  The England No 8 had been cited for striking Leicester full back Matehw Tait with his head .  Leicester 's Vereniki Goneva received a one-week ban for striking Saracens flanker Kelly Brown in the same game .
Daley Blind played his part in Manchester United 's 4-2 derby win over City .  Wayne Rooney 's team talk inspired United to end a run of four successive defeats .  Blind has urged United to focus on their next Premier League match against Chelsea .
Mark Bellis is a professor of public health at Bangor University .  He is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas about the history of binge drinking .  He will examine how our forebears balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife .  ` People want a safe night out , but they also demand freedom and an element of anonymity , ' he says .  Many of the
St Catherine 's Island , off the coast of Tenby , Pembrokeshire , will be joined to the mainland via a 328ft footbridge .  Currently , the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide .  But tomorrow , planners are due to approve a new footbridge , which will stretch more than 328 ft -LRB- 100 metres -RRB- .
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including ` Dont Say Secretive ' and ` Do n't Say Entitled '  The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician .  The descriptive terms that Clinton 's fan club said it does not want applied to
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona 's attacking trio .  Luis Suarez , Lionel Messi and Neymar have a special relationship , says Pique .  Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final clash .  Pique took some time out to wax lyrical about his team-mates .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho .  The Arsenal manager has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the Portuguese coach .  Wenger says the result on Sunday will just be down to the performance on the day .  Cesc Fabregas will be wearing Chelsea blue at the Emirates for the first time on Sunday .  The former Arsenal midfielder will
94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states .  Also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a ` significant customer presence '  Some communities can increase their chance of survival simply by walking faster .  21,562 residents , more than 50 percent of which live in Washington , would not have time to evade
Chelsea host Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday .  Jose Mourinho says he does n't care where Chelsea win the title .  Eden Hazard will start for the Blues against the Potters on Saturday .  The Belgian said earlier this week he is feeling tired as the season reaches its climax .  Hazard started both of Belgium 's Euro 2016 qualifiers during the international break .  The Blues
The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed . co . uk .  It used a sapphire screen from a 38mm Apple Watch for the experiment .  Two out of the three models of Apple Watches , which are available to pre-order from today , have sapphire glass screens .  The glass is made from synthetic sapphire , created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide
Stephanie , 13 , from Houston , Texas , wanted to send a message to her astronaut father .  She wanted to give him a visual note of how much she missed him while he was away .  She enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing .  The car company used eleven sedans to draw the message in Nevada 's Delamar Dry Lake using coordinates
David Alaba has been ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament .  Alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw with Bosnia .  The left-back has been in superb form for Bayern Munich this season .  Bayern are top of the Bundesliga with eight games left and through to the German Cup last eight .  Bayern face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song .  In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing .  And they were a third less likely .  to ` hear ' it when gum gum .  The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .  In a previous study by the University of Reading in 2009 , it was found that obsessive-compulsive
The mysterious ` Antarctic BW29 ' was recorded near the Orkney Islands , South Shetland Islands , and Antarctic Peninsula by scientists led by Jennifer Trickey of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography .  They have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it 's unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing .  But the song belongs to a strap-toothed whale , a
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting .  two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world .  famous marathon in 2013 , killing three people and injuring 264 .  The same jury that convicted him will hear testimony on .  whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for .  his crimes , starting next Tuesday , the day after
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side could face Barcelona , Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi-finals .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Researchers at the University of Arizona found the Bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ` reaction chamber ' in its stomach .  When threatened , the beetle can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ` gun smoke '  This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge
ISIS seized control of up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk camp in south Damascus .  They posted gruesome images of severed heads of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online .  ISIS ` decision to publicly execute the men has prompted outrage in Gaza .  Hundreds of residents of the camp fled yesterday amid shelling by government forces .  Activists said as many as 2,000 people have fled the camp .  U.N.
Chase Lacasse , 19 , was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt .  The young man , who posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media , was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police .  A customer of the store said that the
Shaun Worthington , 29 , died instantly in horror crash on A614 near Bridlington , East Yorkshire .  He had been driving home from speed awareness course when he was killed .  His car was filmed on truck 's dashcam veering into path of oncoming traffic at 1.04 pm .  Inquest heard how he had completed 12-hour night shift before crash .  His mobile phone records showed he had sent
Robin Weld of Sacramento has installed a hybrid sink-toilet in response to the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week .  Clean city water comes in through the faucet , is used to wash hands and then flows into the toilet tank to be used to flush .  Just next door to Weld , her neighbor Chris Brown is using the left over water from his
Model Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of herself to Instagram showing off her stretch marks .  The 29-year-old 's fans were happy that she shared the picture .  One said : ` Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week . Stretchies say hi ! '  Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her at an event last night .  She jokedly referred to herself as ` cheesecake
The island of Lesbos was the Magaluf of its day , and a capital for sex tourism .  In the Ancient Greek world , the word ` lesbian ' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man .  In 2008 , residents of the island lost a legal fight to ban the use of the word `` lesbian '' to describe gay women , arguing that
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child .  Executive director in distressed investing is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination .  She is also lodged a claim against three senior bosses -- Bryan Mix , Nicholas Pappas and Simon Morris , global head of credit trading .  She claims her income took a hit because
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland , Oregon .  It shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before asking ` everybody ready ? '  He hoists the axe over his head and swings it directly into the co-worker 's crotch-causing him to squirm violently on the floor .  Amazingly , his coworker stepped up and immediately took a second swing .
Facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant .  The documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul Ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003 .  Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet .  On
Two-year-old girl disappeared from car wash in Southern California on Thursday night .  Girl shouted ` mommy ' before mother turned and could not find her daughter .  Girl was found naked in parking lot of Jim 's Burgers 13 miles away .  Police would not describe the extent of her injuries .  Driver of white , recent-model Nissan Altima believed to be a serial predator .
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday .  James Collins scored an own goal and Sergio Aguero 's 20th Premier League goal of the season was enough to give City the three points .  Frank Lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting against West Ham .  Ivorian Jesus Navas played a major role in City 's first two goals .  The Ivoran
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are due to wed in Dunblane , Scotland , on Saturday .  Couple 's wedding decor has started to influence some of Britain 's celebrities .  Trees have been wheeled into the cathedral ahead of the nuptials .  Messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows in the town .  Shop owners have already sent gifts to either Andy , 27
Rappers Quavious Marshall , 24 , Kirschnick Ball , 20 , and Kiari Cecius , 23 , were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody .  All of the band members have been denied bond-meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates .  Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling
Paul Scholes co-owns Salford City with Gary Neville , Phil Neville , Nicky Butt and Ryan Giggs .  Scholes , Neville and Butt co-own the club with the former Manchester United team-mates .  The Class of ` 92 are products of the Premier League era which has propelled the game into a celebrity culture .  They have happened upon five of the biggest names in English football as owners .
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary .  He was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk .  Brooks , also known as Abu Izzadeen , is an extremist linked to members of the banned group Al Muhajiroun .  Brooks , 39 , was released from prison last month after serving part
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored in the 54th minute .  Tom Cleverley has praised Tim Sherwood 's attacking style .  The Manchester United loanee believes Villa can win their first major trophy since 1996 .  Holders Arsenal have thrashed Villa 3-0 and 5-0 in the Premier League .
Karen Buckley , 24 , vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend .  Her body was found at High Craigton Farm , north of Glasgow , yesterday .  Around 300 people gathered in George Square for a silent vigil today .  The nursing student 's mother and father joined hundreds of mourners .  A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with Miss Buckley 's death
The pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units-valued at $ 284.5 million-at the end of the year .  It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index .  Woodman 's product-a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , or a hand-held pole-made waves in when it debuted in 2006 .  Since launching its high-definition camera in
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a ` f * * * ing old c * * t ' in January 2014 .  The incident occurred during a Premier League match between Newcastle and Man City .  Pardews was warned by the FA about his behaviour by the League Managers ` Association .  Crystal Palace boss has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour .  He met with former cricketer
Jeremy Scott 's spring / summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede , nearly breaking the internet when he sent human Barbie dolls down the catwalk .  Olivia Phillips , 30 , a journalist at Emirates Woman , decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll .  She said : ` I ' m like a vampire Barbie ; I only
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his team .  The Arsenal manager only makes the final decision on the morning of the game .  Wenger says he always has eight or nine players in his head the day before the game .  The Frenchman also has a final chat with the medical people to make his mind up .  Wenger 's methods have delivered three
The error was spotted during a training course in Hamble near Southampton .  Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve to ` boost morale ' within the force .  Chairman of the Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online .
Jurgen Klopp will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer .  The German coach announced on Wednesday that he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract at the club .  He has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end .  The Dortmund boss said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager , but has urged his team
The humanoid , known as Ham , is designed by American robotics designer David Hanson .  It is made with malleable material called Frubber using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology .  It contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across .  It can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions in a natural way .  Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources
Originally named Ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year .  Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 .  The Edwardian style yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today .  It first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in WWII before
Entrepreneur Jo Malone joins 5,000 small business bosses praising Tories .  Signatories , who employ nearly 100,000 people , said they would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started `  Ms Malone sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006 .  But she has ` started all over again ' by setting up a new business three years
Hamza Parvez travelled to Syria in May 2014 , telling his parents he was going to Germany .  The 22-year-old has been living with a group of unmarried fighters in Raqqa .  Known as Abu Hamza al-Britani , he has not found a wife for 11 months .  One of his best friends , a Belgian fighter known as Abu Mariya al-Belgiki , recently wrote : ` Urgh another brother
Jennie Anne Kehlet , 49 , and Raymond Keith Kehlett , 47 , were last seen on March 22 .  The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite in remote bushland .  Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres .  A search aircraft has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far .  Police urge anyone with any
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools ` Day claiming both teamtalks by captain Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world prior to Arsenal 's clash with Liverpool .  The story was of course a hoax but it still created plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday 's press conference .
Anil Saxena , from Mumbai , uses Photoshop to create whimsical , mind-bending pictures that would give Salvador Dali a run for his money .  The photographer , who has a background in graphic design and CGI , initially retouched his pictures by hand .  Once he started digital retouching he was able to turn his pictures into more complex flights of fancy .  A woman 's bed piled with
Last week Qatar 's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge 's , the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel .  The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family , who have been quietly buying up prestigious properties .  They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated # 740 million , and have spent # 11.6 billion collecting
Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money .  As a man in a suit and on his cell phone walks by in the beginning of the video , Erakat gets his attention .  ` I just want to be a helping hand today , ' he says , offering the man a $
Xie Hong Feng died after falling down five floors through a lift shaft .  Her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her down the shaft .  She dropped her keys in the gap between the elevator and the fourth floor .  She went to the property manager for help retrieving the keys .  When she did n't respond , Yang Shao asked her son ` Where is your mother
19-year-old model Chanel , from California , claims to be a vegetarian .  Claims to have eaten placenta , gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young .  Says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career .  Includes a daily shot of garlic powder , balsamic vinaigrette , sage , and olive oil .  Also claims
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30 am on Thursday .  The father , 24 , and other family members inside did not know that the toddler , who later died at University Medical Hospital , had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway , police said .  The incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be
Celtic were beaten 4-1 by Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying .  Ronny Deila blames last summer 's money-spinning programme for the loss .  Celtic have also taken on trips to Australia and the Far East .  Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down pre-season commitments .
Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8 : 01 a . m . BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad .  The watch , when paired with an iPhone , allows users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls .  There are 54 possible configuration options for the watch .  Customers in Australia , Canada , China , France
Kyle Knox , 23 , was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31 .  He was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel .  It was believed he was attempting to scale the 4409-ft high peak alone .
Exercise can increase the size of areas that contribute to balance .  It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age , the study 's author said .  Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat , a reduced risk of heart disease , better memory and thinking , and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes .  It comes after US researchers
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in the first Test in Antigua .  The wicketkeeper was caught at first slip just three balls in .  He was making his first Test appearance for England since November 2013 .
Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 to move up to League One .  Mark Ellis scored the only goal of the game after 12 minutes .  Shrewsbury beat York City 1-0 to move to within two points of Wycombe .  Carlisle secured their Football League status with 2-0 win against Plymouth .  Stevenage are four points above the pair after Chris Beardsley 's 89th-minute goal rescued a 2-2 draw with Accrington
Lord Stevens to be investigated over claims of a cover-up of police corruption .  Former Met Police commissioner failed to hand over key information to Macpherson Inquiry .  Complaint from Stephen 's father Neville Lawrence , who made complaint last October .  Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner from 1998 to 2000 and served five years as UK 's most senior policeman .  Source : ` No one is suggesting that
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Bath at the end of the season .  The 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit .  Williams helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month .
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player .  Derby defender Farrend Rawson played in the 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday .  The Millers have until May 1 to appeal the decision .
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli , Sénégal .  They found female chimp were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations .  The research may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt .  Chimpanzees are the only non-human population known to systematically hunt vertebrate prey with tools .  It is thought the
It takes a great deal of artistic licence for Daniel Craig 's character to survive his on-screen ordeals , medical experts say .  In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie , Skyfall .  The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have ` turned his lungs out '  The bits of uranium from the
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan and girlfriend Naomi Bass recently got engaged on a trip to Japan .  The couple met in Perth in 2011 , and Sullivan proposed to Bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto .  The proposal took place two weeks ago , and the happy couple are now back in Perth .  Sullivan won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze
Robin Barton , 25 , was just four hours old when his mother abandoned him behind a dumpster on November 21,1989 .  Now-retired Santa Ana police officer Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster .  Barton 's adoptive parents , Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County , beat him to it and he was adopted by the couple .  The pair met for the first time
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson spoke at a rally against Islam in Brisbane on Saturday .  She described halal certification as a ` profit , money-making racket '  She said that the public were being ` hoodwinked ' over the issue .  On Sunday morning 's Today show she was asked for her views on businesses ` going to the wall ' if halal certified of food products was scrapped
Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , Louie the Fly , along with ` # putyourdressout '  It was a widely shared hashtag in support of school teacher Stephanie Scott .  The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive .  A spokeswoman for the company said the post has since been removed .  It has been ` liked ' almost
60 % of Britons who buy lunches out spend an average of # 1,840 a year .  In comparison , those who prepare food at home spend just # 552 over the same period .  Food website Food52 's ` Not Sad Desk Lunch ' series demonstrates how simple it can be .
The 42-year-old mother-of-two was making an appearance at the Woman Awards held at Madrid Casino .  Wore a low cut cocktail dress with chandelier earrings .  Also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek , 48 , with an award .  Was taking a break from her preparations for next month 's Cannes Film Festival .  Letizia , who is recently returned from Copenhagen , looked relaxed and happy as she chatted
Dr Joe Hanson has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements .  He revealed that a ` human molecule ' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen , 132 million .  atoms of oxygen and 85 million .  By comparison , this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum .  When written out in full , the human
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in the January transfer window .  The 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench by Roberto Mancini .  Mancini insists the Swiss midfielder can have a big future in Italy .
The Merfin is a rubber monofin made from recycled rubber .  It is the brainchild of Australian freediver Kazzie Mahina .  The product retails at # 99 in the UK .
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title .  Movistar rider sprinted to victory ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini .  Team Sky 's Chris Froome fell in the closing 12km but fought on to finish the race .
Santiago Vergini played a key role in Sunderland 's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle .  The 26-year-old Argentinian is keen to stay at the Stadium of Light .  Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat wants to keep the club in the Premier League .
Sergio Aguero scored two goals in Manchester City 's 4-2 derby defeat to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are currently fourth in the Premier League .  The Argentine striker has scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances .  City have signed Wilfried Bony from Swansea for # 30million in January .  City have been linked with a move to Real Madrid and Barcelona
Jason Cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet .  He threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page .  The terrified woman said her life became a living ` hell ' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter .  The mother , a former sex worker , was jailed for 12 weeks at Birmingham Magistrates `
The package was intercepted by a police dog in Tulsa County , Oklahoma .  The intended recipient , Carolyn Ross , has now been arrested .  The pound of meth has a street value of around $ 30,000 .
Moira Gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at St James 's Palace yesterday .  She collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster .  She had recently left her position as director of design at the V & A .  Her brother Andrew described her as an ` extraordinary ' woman who lived a ` modest life '  Martin Roth , current director of the museum ,
New Channel 4 series shines a light on the UK 's billion-pound supercar industry .  Expert seller Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari run one of the country 's leading supercar dealerships exporting dream cars across the globe .  While Sheikh buys the cars , Saba does the selling and is n't afraid to be a woman in a man 's world .  In Supercars : The Million Pound Motors
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his fitness regime is paying dividends .  The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his ` podgy ' label .  He posted the photo on Twitter saying : ` 12 weeks . . 12st 12 . . 12.4 % bodyfat @ JoshMchale '  The former Birmingham player burst onto BBC 's
Prosecutors previously said that Robert Dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV .  The crash killed Amanda Murphy , 24 , and her fiance , 29-year-old Jason Timmons .  Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young
Xie Shisheng , who was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by police earlier this week .  Now 34 , a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily .
Adelaide Crows captain Taylor ` Tex ' Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to Satine Cahill .  Seven-year-old burst into tears moments before leading the AFL side onto the field .  Satine was serving as the team 's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday .  The pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium .  Tex
Mahendra Ahirwar , 12 , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend .  His weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position .  He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet .  His parents have consulted more than 50 doctors across India but none could diagnose his condition .  ` I cannot
Tiger Woods drilled his club into a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta .  The 39-year-old was forced to drop his club on the follow through .  Woods finished the round at 5-under-par on 283 , tied for 17th .
Mass fight broke out at Resorts World Casino in Queens , New York .  Three men were arrested and four security guards were injured in the brawl .  Witnesses said it was ` nerve-wracking ' and ` chaotic '  The damage from the fight is thought to top $ 4,000 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling , Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez .  City are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level .  Frank Lampard was one of six homegrown players on City 's squad list this season .  James Milner is out of contract in the summer and is considering his options .  Milner can now speak Spanish after enlisting the help of a
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup final at Wembley .  Fabian Delph scored the only goal of the game in the 54th minute .  Christian Benteke scored Villa 's equaliser in the 36th minute .  Delph says he ca n't wait for the final . To walk out as captain is going to be the highlight of my career . So happy days , I ` m
Mexican soldiers uncovered a hidden drugs tunnel in Tijuana .  The 66ft deep route was still under construction and was being built .  It was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system .  Nine people were arrested before they managed to dig under the border .  Officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced somewhere inside U.S. . territory .
Exeter prop Tomas Francis impressed up against Alex Corbisiero .  The 22-year-old qualifies for both England and Wales .  The Chiefs prop could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England .  Leigh Halfpenny could miss Toulon 's Champions Cup semi-final against Leinster .
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday .  Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked in the first leg .  Both players were unhappy with referee Milorad Mazic 's performance .  Both players felt their challenges were n't strong enough to be punished with a card .  Both players will miss next week 's second leg at the Bernabeu .  CLICK HERE for all
Brian the lar gibbon , who is 50-years-old , was videoed by Amanda Dorman .  The seven-second video was filmed at the Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick .  It shows the critter sneaking across a feild in its enclosure .  It was then shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up .  Park manager Richard Robinson said : ` It 's this that makes them
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville , Maryland on Wednesday .  The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash .  He had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives .  When it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer , saying , ` Obviously we know what
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year .  Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea and Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the shortlist .  Last year 's winner Eden Hazard has been nominated for the award again .
Julie Ronayne was left ` looking like Michelin man ' after hysterectomy in 2008 .  Husband Edward was awarded # 9,000 in compensation for his wife 's botched surgery .  He claimed he suffered psychiatric injury from seeing his wife swell up .  The swelling had been caused by a dangerous infection known as peritonitis .  NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout , fearing it could have disastrous
Jessica Edgeington , 33 , a professional skydiver , was killed in a dive on Wednesday in DeLand , Florida .  She was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called ` swooping ' , where divers speed down to land and swoop over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition .  It is unclear what type of dive Edgeinton was maneuvering
Cressida , 26 , has been unveiled as Mulberry 's ambassador .  Shot to fame as the pretty blonde on Prince Harry 's arm .  Recently released a short film for the British fashion giant .  Shows off her modelling skills in a new shoot .  Is the youngest daughter of aristocrat Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and entrepreneur Jeffrey Bonas .  She dated Prince Harry for two years until last April
Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach , known in gambling parlance as the Martingale Betting Strategy .  If you lose , you have to double your bet until your coins fall right .  The game of Two Up is one of Australia 's longest lasting traditions .  It is now legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs -LRB- RSL -RRB- and pubs .
Melvin the giraffe was gored to death by an eland antelope at Kristiansand Zoo .  The five-year-old had gotten his head stuck in a fence when he was attacked .  Zoo vets rushed to the scene , but were unable to save the animal .  Melvin was born at the zoo in 2010 and named in a local newspaper competition .
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown , Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted a voicemail on Facebook .  In the voicemail he said : ` I want you to get her in check before there is a big f * * * ing problem here on my end . Understand me ? '  Rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the shop for
Richie Benaud , 84 , has passed away after a battle with skin cancer .  Former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form .  His commentary was understated , measured and often extremely funny .  His signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word ` Marvellous ... '  On captaincy , and he was one of the best Test captains Australia ever had , Benaud was modest
Dave King will have to convince the SFA that he is suitable to be Rangers chairman .  The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month .  King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can convince the body that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations .  King also faces questions about his role as a club
Emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car .  Two ambulances were sent to Epping Forest , Essex , after caller said ` victim ' was a squirrel .  But the vehicle turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over .  One man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '  Another woman called to
SNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead .  She set out details of what she called a ` triple lock ' that exists on independence .  In September 's referendum , 55 per cent voted in favour of staying in the UK .  But the SNP has seen a surge in support since then and is set to take dozens of seats from Labour in
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC 's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance .  The federal agent helped bring down Lance Armstrong .  He was also involved in investigations into Barry Bonds , Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin .
Pennyhill Park has a 45,000 sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , and eight swimming pools .  The luxury spa and hotel is located in the pretty Surrey countryside in Bagshot .  Celebrities including Nicole Kidman , Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake are regulars .
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America .  More than 200 members , aged 14 to 22 , have faced discrimination throughout their lives .  Many have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons .  Now , the ` tight-knit ' gang members are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have
The driver with a concealed carry permit shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in Logan Square about 11.50 pm Friday .  Court records say the man , identified by The Washington Post as Everardo Custodio , shot at people walking in front of the driver 's vehicle .
Roxy Walsh , 34 , found a sentimental ring snorkeling in Bali on Tuesday .  She took to social media to hunt for the owner of the ring .  She created a ` Find Joe and Jenny ' Facebook page within a week .  Within a week , The Langley 's granddaughter Jade , messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa .  Over 6000 users
Female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world , including in Syria , Pakistan and North Korea .  One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq -LRB- Voice of Rights -RRB- battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons in Aleppo .  Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River , near the town of
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday .  Ander Herrera scored twice in the 43rd minute to put United ahead .  Louis van Gaal said he was so pleased with Herrera 's opening goal he kissed him at half-time .  The Dutchman said he had been imploring the Spaniard to control the ball before shooting .  United moved above local rivals Manchester City and into third
Jafar Adeli , 32 , was snared by a paedophile vigilante group called Letzgo Hunting .  He arranged to meet someone he believed to be a 14-year-old girl for sex .  But in fact he had been talking to a member of the group called John .  Adeli had sent an indecent image of himself and was arrested at a bus station .  He was jailed for 27 months at
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League .  Manuel Pellegrini 's calm was needed after Roberto Mancini 's reign ended .  But he does n't have the character or gravitas to galvanise a group of players when the going gets tough .  City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game .  They need to fill up the half-empty glasses of the fans
The robots , collectively called Avert , are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece .  A computer selects a vehicle to be moved after cameras have mapping the area in detail .  The Avert system then works by sending a deployment unit to scan the area again and identify potential obstacles .  Once this has been done , boggers deploy and
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart .  They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies , recording when their first child , a son Jax , was born followed by their daughter Ero , a year later .  The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral .  The family-of-four , from Charlotte , North Carolina
It is exactly a year since David Moyes was sacked by Manchester United .  United lost seven of their 19 league games at Old Trafford -- unacceptable .  Under Louis van Gaal , United have already won more points than they did last season .  Under Moyes , United lost 3-0 at home to Liverpool and Manchester City .  In the corresponding fixtures this season , they have won 4-0
Leo the Staffordshire-Boxer cross was hunting for his dog treats in Peckham , south-east London .  He knocked one of the cooker 's knobs , turning on the hob .  The heat from the fire set fire to a child 's seat left resting on the appliance .  Owner Allen Mosey , 67 , said : ` He 's the most docile dog you could think of '  More than
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways .  The Association of Professional Flight Attendants claims the deal was at odds with Kidman 's role as a United Nations Women 's Goodwill Ambassador .  The Australian Oscar winning actress stars in the airline 's new ` Hollywood Glamour ' global brand campaign .  The airline says it
Kell Brook has landed the Battle of Britain he craved .  Brook will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 at the O2 in London .  The welterweight bout has been added to a packed pay-per-view show .  It will feature world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby .  Gavin had been due to face South African Chris van Heerden in Birmingham on May 9 but has jumped at
Gregg Manderson , 68 , of St Paul , Minnesota , first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped in his mind last May .  He has hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years .  Neurologist Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara and researcher Roger Dumas are trying to cure the earworm
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2 , 6-1 in his Monte Carlo opener .  The 17-time major champion has changed his schedule to allow more time for recovery and training .  Federer takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals .
Maria Sharapova has won the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis for the last three years .  Defending champion was joined by players including Ana Ivanovic , Caroline Wozniacki , Sabine Lisicki , and Angelique Kerber .  World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee .  The event could decide who is ranked second in the world .
Naomi Jacobs , 32 , was struck with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .  Last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on .  Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick , the
The Australian Rugby Union passed a new rule on Wednesday .  Players with over 60 caps playing overseas could be selected .  Matt Giteau , Drew Mitchell , George Smith , Adam Ashley-Cooper , Nic White , Peter Betham , Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all set to join European clubs for next year .  Wycliff Palu is decamping to Japan to join Harlequins .  Other players based abroad
Geraldine Jones , 36 , of Gary , Indiana , has been charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of Samantha Fleming , 23 .  Fleming 's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Anderson , about 30 miles north of Indianapolis .  Jones , who was hospitalized for depression and suicidal thoughts , has waived extradition to Madison County
Manchester United have been considering a bid for Edinson Cavani .  The Uruguayan forward looks set to stay at Old Trafford .  Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the 28-year-old this summer .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens .  The sophisticated five bedroom , nine bathroom French Country-style estate is listed at $ 13 million , having failed to find a buyer at $ 15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013 .  The house has a wet bar ,
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that destroyed seven alligators and a crocodile ` boiled to death ' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma .  The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole
Rangers insist that their fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct .  The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley 's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property .  Rangers will return to the club when a # 5million loan is repaid .
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly .  The young rider from Kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's silly antics .  To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online .
Students ` union at Goldsmiths University banned men and white people from event .  Organiser told white people and men ` not to come ' as it was only open to BME -LSB- black and minority ethnic -RSB- women .  Bahar Mustafa , 27 , said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses .  She said : ` Invite loads of BME Women and non-binary people ! ! Also
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon Rainforest .  He missed a dolphin watching tour and a nail-biting piranha fishing expedition .  His cousin Roxy de la Rosa posted the pictures on Reddit .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area .  Health expert Professor Matthew Cooper has blamed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend .  In 2014 the Metro North region had the highest immunisation rate in the state .
Raheem Sterling revealed in a TV interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at Anfield .  The 20-year-old has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract .  Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon .  The Liverpool manager said he was ` relaxed ' about his contract situation .  He added that Sterling 's interview was conducted without the prior
Paul Mason , 54 , from Ipswich , Suffolk , lost 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 .  NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin .  He wanted the surgery done for free but failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off .  Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation
Raheem Sterling arrived at Liverpool 's Melwood base for training on Wednesday .  Fresh pictures have emerged of him with a shisha pipe .  The 20-year-old has escaped punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide .  He was also pictured with team-mate Jordon Ibe , 19 , at Melwood .  Ibe was spotted arriving in a black Range Rover just seconds after Sterling .  Sterling
Childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties , the U.S. . Census Bureau has revealed .  95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014 , according to the findings .  For women ages 20 to 24,75 . 2 percent of childless last year , researchers found .  In 2012,71 . 4 percent did not have children .  The
IMF chief Christine Lagarde and German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble praised Chancellor George Osborne 's ` wonderful job ' of handling the economy .  Britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the EU put together .  Rolls-Royce announced its biggest-ever order , worth more than # 6billion , to power passenger jets for the Middle Eastern airline Emirates .  Mr Osborne said the
Actor Kit Harington appeared on late-night chat show to promote Game of Thrones .  He joked that Belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days '  The 28-year-old Londoner said he has spent five years filming in the city .  He said : ` What would you say to the traveller going to Belfast ? '  He added : ` It 's a wonderful , depressing tourist board '
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson .  Attorneys for Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , and his father , Michael Brown Sr . , announced at a press conference in March that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed ` soon '  Brown was unarmed when he was fatally
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay .  He was charged with one count of armed robbery , false imprisonment and assault with a weapon .  The man , of no fixed address , was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates ` Court tomorrow morning .  He was a ` disgruntled ' former employee of the restaurant who allegedly entered a
Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the US , meaning that we pay $ 1.12 to every $ US1 .  The survey uses the purchasing power parity index to determine the relative price levels to the US dollar .  A two-litre bottle of Coca Cola also tops the charts in Australia at $ 4.30 .  A monthly gym membership in Sydney and Melbourne are nearly half the cost
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening .  It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film .  The film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students .  A number of students have said the postponement was an act
United States has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt to Yemen .  Eight other combat vessels have been stationed in waters off the embattled country .  It is ` in response to deteriorating security situation ' in the north-African nation .  The cargo ships ` presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen 's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis .  The coalition of Arab
Work and Pensions Secretary launches scathing attack on Labour 's ` politics of hate and envy '  Claims Ed Miliband was standing on ` the most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot '  In interview with Daily Mail he set out powerful moral case for party 's policies .  Calls on fellow Tories to ` bang the drum ' in next fortnight to champion achievements .  Hailing ` staggering ' increase
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified .  Most said they wanted to leave the island village of Benjina because they were owed back pay .  Many of the men interviewed said they were tricked or kidnapped before being put on boats in Thailand and taken to Indonesia .  They were forced to work almost non-stop under horrendous conditions , some brutally beaten
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer .  The German ace insists he wants to stay at Fiorentina .  Gomez left Bayern Munich in July 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of # 17.2 million .  The 29-year-old has scored four league goals so far this season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news .
Jody Marson has been named as the prison guard who allegedly had an affair with Kieran Loveridge .  The 30-year-old is thought to have had an ` improper relationship ' with a female officer .  Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison .  Loveridge was moved from the Mid North Coast Correctional Centre to Goulburn Supermax prison after
Dea and Darren 's kitchen on The Block were judged by property buyers expert Frank Valentic last week .  They were shocked that Josh and Charlotte 's had overlooked lighting above the benchtop .  The Buyer 's Advocate Jury took into account what buyers look for in a kitchen .  They said the kitchen ` did n't have their usual the flare , confidence or pizzazz '  In the cooking
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco .  Ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone .
Jason Warnock , 29 , was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston , Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a car crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff .  He then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko , 23 , out to safety .  Since he did n't stop to give police
Thirty-five people died and 125 have been injured in the attack in Jalalabad , Afghanistan .  Attacker targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians and detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle .  One witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier .  Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack , President Ghani said .  Men and children were captured bandaging themselves on the street
Eligah Christian , 49 , took off when police tried to pull him over .  He was being sought on a $ 100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .  Troopers deployed spike strips to stop the motorhome , but the vehicle struck patrol cars as the suspect tried turning around .  Christian was charged with felony
Toronto police officer Luke Watson has dyed his hair hot pink in support of Canada 's Day of Pink , an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the LGBT community .  Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer on Twitter , promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow , if the first image was retweeted 500 times
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral .  The Wimbledon champion and Olympic gold medalist will wed at the 1000-year old cathedral .  Miss Sears , 27 , has been entrusted with planning the couple 's wedding .  Murray has said he ` could n't care less ' about the finer details of the day .  The 27-year-old has been a permanent fixture at the court
Dr Ros Altmann , a former Treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group Saga .  She would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges .  She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving .  Dr Altmann will oversee the Government 's pension reforms , which have allowed people to cash in retirement funds rather than
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  American television network Showtime has released a short promotional video .  The short film shows the undefeated American preparing for the mega-fight .
Nigel Benn takes on Ricky Hatton on his return to the ring .  Ilford-born Benn , who now lives in Australia and works as a charity worker , looked sharp as ever as he joined in a pad session with Hatton at his Manchester gym .  Earlier this week , Hatton and Benn met up to discuss the possibility of the ` Hitman ' training Conor Benn ahead of the
Roma defeated Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia final on Saturday .  Fans displayed an offensive banner during the game .  The banner caused outcry for insulting the mother of a Napoli fan .  Roma will have part of their stadium closed for game against Atalanta on April 19 .
Nick Clegg continues tour of 60 seats where party is defending majorities .  Party sources admit current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to ` in the thirties '  Lib Dems won 57 seats in the 2010 election but have been hit by a slump in popularity after forming coalition government with the Conservatives .  Party source says if group of MPs ` in 30s ' it could hold
Steve Bruce admits his side need to pull off ` crazy results ' if they are to avoid relegation .  Hull face Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games .  The Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins for QPR and Leicester .  Bruce admits the unpredictable nature of this season 's top flight will continue .  Allan McGregor could lose his place in
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal , both 17 , from Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , believed to be in Syria .  They are thought to have flown to Turkey last week to join ISIS .  Farouk Younis , imam of mosque used by relatives of the boys , said they could be followed by friends .  ` We need to talk to their friends and show them the barbaric things
Heavyweight wrestlers Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene clashed in Dakar yesterday .  The crunch match was dubbed ` Le Choc ' at Demba Diop Stadium .  Sene emerged victorious after a closely fought encounter .  This form of wrestling-which involves strikes-is only practised in Senegal .
One of the best spells of spring weather in the last two decades is set to peak today with temperatures in England beating most of the Mediterranean .  The mercury is expected to reach 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- in the South East today , beating Marseille at 22C -LRB- 72F -RRB- , Athens at 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- and Madrid at 18C -LRB- 64F -RRB- .  It will be chillier
Jannik Andersen , a student at the University of Colorado , was hit by a Union Pacific train in Indio , California , on Saturday .  He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later , police said on Monday .  Coroner 's office said it was too early to determine whether alcohol or drugs were involved .  On Monday night , Mac DeMarco , a performer at the festival
Workers at two Texas stores , as well as in California , Florida and Oklahoma , were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs .  Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone .  Walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months .
Rangers boss Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club at Ibrox this season .  The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August .  Hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories at Easter Road .  Rangers boss believes a significant home victory over Hearts would be the ideal confidence boost for his play-off hopefuls .  Hearts beat Rangers at Tynecastle 12
Stephanie Scott , 26 , disappeared from her workplace at Leeton High School on April 5 .  Her body was found in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , on April 10 .  A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW 's central west .  Stephanie 's family and friends have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl ,
Joshua Burns was sentenced to three years ` probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month .  He and his wife , Brenda Burns , say he is innocent , and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi 's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014 .  He claims he was
Shanice Farier , 22 , from Derby , stole # 15,000 from currency exchange Kanoo Travel .  She spent it in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle ' , court heard .  Farier appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up , wearing figure-hugging dress .  She was ordered to do 240 hours of unpaid work , adding : ` I hope she ends up doing work that gets
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night .  Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion .  Fury hopes to set up a stadium fight later in the year .
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City , Arizona , and Hildale , Utah .  He said he acted on the orders of Warren Jeffs , leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints .  Barlow said he feared his family would be taken away if he did n't act as he wanted .  He has since grown out his hair and his beard to signal
A . Alfred Taubman died Friday night at his home after a heart attack .  He was a real estate mogul and philanthropist .  His business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A & W restaurant chain .  He also became a major backer of stem-cell research .  He was convicted of a felony count of misdemeanor manslaughter in 2007 .  He was sentenced
Amelia Morton , 23 , from Birmingham , weighed 12-and-a-half stone .  Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university .  Spent almost # 1,000 on food in first term of university .  Was unaware she had a wheat intolerance and continued to binge on doughy snacks .  By her third year of university , despite trying Weight Watchers , Slim Fast and
RJ Jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers Netherton 's syndrome .  His skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin .  His mother Valerie Jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out .  While out shopping recently , Mrs Jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police .  A member of the
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Jay Brittain , 63 , was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre , Herefordshire , look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them .  So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own ` talon salon '  The first born Tawny owl gets orange talons ,
Lionel Messi took to Instagram to post a picture of his son kissing his wife Antonella Roccuzzo 's stomach .  The couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him .  The couple are reported to have settled on the name Benjamin .
Barcelona host Celta Vigo in La Liga on on Sunday .  Lionel Messi is doubtful after suffering a foot injury last month .  Gerard Pique says Messi should be fit to play at Celta 's stadium .  Barca 's top scorer did not feature in either of Argentina 's friendlies .  Second-placed Real Madrid host Granada on Sunday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Khim Hang , 22 , is thought to be the youngest designer to show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia .  The Brisbane-based designer is committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers in Cambodia .  Hang 's HAN collection was inspired by his parents ` escape from the Khmer Rouge .  He has also spoken about his hesitance to visit Cambodia after the horror his parents went through
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg clash at the Juventus Stadium .  Ricardo Carvalho gave away the penalty on 57 minutes after colliding with Alvaro Morata as he made his way towards goal .  Arturo Vidal scored from the spot to give his side the lead in the second half .  Carlos Tevez showed off his impressive body art at full-time .  Andrea Pirlo had
Clive Howard , 57 , was jailed for life after admitting seven rapes , one attempted rape and three kidnappings .  He attacked Jessica Howard , 23 , after a night out in Norwich last May .  She managed to stagger away half-naked and was rescued by a taxi driver .  Police discovered CCTV footage of his car and drove around Norwich city centre .  He drove her to an
Sevilla take on Fiorentina for a place in this season 's Europa League final .  The Spanish club will win the competition for a record fourth time .  The other tie sees Napoli take on Dnipro Dni Propetrovsk of Ukraine .  Click here for all the latest Europa League news .
The Automated Planet Finder -LRB- APF -RRB- consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high-resolution spectrograph .  It searches for rocky planets with very low masses , similar to Earth .  All three planets in the system orbit the star , HD 7924 , at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun , completing their orbits in just 5,15 and 24 days .  APF observes
The fox is pictured vying for a large deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan .  When a pair of crows turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle .  The fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of Steller sea eagles .
Brady Eaves , 18 , filmed biting hamster 's head during drunken spring break party .  Footage , allegedly filmed in Florida , could see him charged with felony animal cruelty .  He has now been expelled from the University of Mississippi and submitted for mental assessment .  His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr , who was Mississippi 's governor candidate .  Eaves ` mother Angel Eaves said : '
Didier Drogba was the star of the show for Chelsea-and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations at full time .  John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish after a scramble in the box following a Leicester corner .  Kasper Schmeichel could not stop the Foxes ` defence with a brilliant finish from close range .  Cesar Azpilicueta made it 3-1 in the 88th minute with a deflected
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction , it became an overnight bestseller .  The former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs .  The Daily Mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune , Bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the woman 's arm just in time .  The woman had apparently threatened to jump from a 10-storey Chinese tower block .  Police failed to convince the woman to climb back into a nearby apartment .  But before the ladder could be used the woman became agitated .  She lowered herself on to the edge of the ledge and called for help .  She was then
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan .  The pair were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 .  The 25-year-old finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters .  The World No 1 golfer is an avid Manchester United fan .  He revealed last year he dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child
The Christie 's Magnificent Jewels auction is expected to raise # 53million .  The most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-Corsage brooch .  It was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain to his wife , the Archduchess Maria Christina of Austria in 1879 .
Research released by KAYAK . com . au has revealed that most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe .  Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe .  The number one destination is the ancient city of Athens in Greece .  The number of Australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years .  Between 2002 and 2012 , the amount of Australians travelling overseas
Sam Bennett was involved in a pile-up at the Scheldeprijs one day Classic .  The Bora-Argon 18 rider suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders .  Bennett escaped without any long-lasting injury but suffered whiplash .  Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race .  Team-mate Elia Viviani was taken to hospital for x-rays complaining of pain in his arm .
Atletico Madrid fans are confident in the people that run the club .  Sergio Asenjo became David De Gea , Thibaut Courtois became Jan Oblak .  Diego Forlan became Sergio Aguero , Radamel Falcao became Mario Mandzukic .  Jorge Mendes has worked closely with the club and with its managing director Miguel Angel Gil Marin over the last five years .  Gil has led the club out of trouble ,
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is set to miss Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading .  The Spaniard is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension .  The 33-year-old is confident it will take just ` five minutes ' to finish a contract extension .  Arteta will miss the match as he recovers from a minor ankle problem .  Arsenal have moved up into
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday .  The 21-year-old beat Rory McIlroy by one shot to win his first major title .  Phil Mickelson said : ` He 's just a class guy in every way and it 's difficult not to root for him '  Sir Nick Faldo sums up the feelings of a sport at the end of truly epochal week .  Politicians who
Burlesque queen Dita Von Teese will lead workshops at Canyon Ranch .  Guests can learn how to artfully remove garters , gloves and stockings .  Five-night stay at the Arizona health resort costs around # 3565 per person .
President Barack Obama gave the CIA a pass on providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the US .  Dr Warren Weinstein , a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US , and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto , 39 , were killed in a botched drone strike in January .  Dr Weinstein was abducted after gunmen tricked their way into his home in
Dr Donald DeWitt , 65 , was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact .  The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was being held on $ 300,000 cash bail .
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National .  Horan was about to make an embarrassing slip when he fell while cadding for the Northern Irishman .  The 21-year-old singer even got an opportunity to tee off on one hole .  Tiger Woods also played the tournament for the first time in 11 years .  Kevin Streelman won the Masters on a play-off against
Experts from the Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread .  They looked at the adoption or rejection of ornamental beads or bracelets worn by different populations in the Early Neolithic period , which stretched from 8,000 to 5,000 BC .  They concluded that Northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in their SPL clash on Good Friday .  Leigh Griffiths was caught in the act on the substitutes bench .  The striker tucks into the biscuit on live TV .  Celtic boss Ronnie Deila has encouraged the 24 / 7 athlete .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Celtic news .
Violet Pietrok , from Portland , Oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a congenital malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb .  The condition caused a widening of Violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes .  She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth
Kristi Gordon , of British Columbia 's news channel Global BC , was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments she had received about her second pregnancy .  Kristi , who is due to give birth in three months , said that she received the harsh message the day before she taped the online-only News Hour Plus segment .  The
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart .  The lucky winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam .  The competition closes on Sunday April 19 .
The 511 elephant tusks , worth $ 6million -LRB- # 4m -RRB- , were bound for Laos , were seized upon arrival on Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand .  The bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in Laos and Thailand and tracked the containers from Kenya .  The ivory , hidden among tea leaves , was shipped out of Kenya on March
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .  John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea 's solid defensive display .  Jose Mourinho praised Terry 's performance under him .  Jamie Carragher said Terry was the best defender to play in the Premier League era .
The International Monetary Fund predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7 % this year .  It is beaten only by the U.S. . in 2016 , according to the IMF .  It comes as the Tories were buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent .  Low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the UK .  David Cameron today warned that growth
Monaco were held to a goalless draw with Montpellier at Stade Louis II .  Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put the visitors in the lead .  Substitute Dimitar Berbatov responded for the Principality side .  A win would have moved Monaco level on points with third-place Marseille .
Researchers say 75 % of extreme hot weather and 18 % of heavy rain is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions .  They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher , humans will be responsible for 40 % of Extreme rainfall events .  The Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich say it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon , Illinois on Thursday around 9am .  Archie Brown Jr , 40 , struck and killed the gunman 's nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown 's van in Milwaukee , Wisconsin on Sunday .  Damani 's
Based mainly at Buckingham Palace , the job pays around # 28,000-a-year .
The eight-page handout , which included references to terrorism and beheadings , was n't approved by administrators .  Authorities have n't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond , Texas .  It made unsubstantiated claims like : ` 38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed '  The handout also mentioned Sharia Law , jihad , and had a
Researchers at Harvard University studied ancient human remains from 5,700 BC to 800 BC .  They analysed ancient DNA extracted from 13 individuals buried in the Great Hungarian Plain .  They found that early Europeans had dark skin for far longer than previously thought .  This was due to lightening as early humans migrated north from Africa .  Instead of lightening , these first Homo sapiens retained their dark skin
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer has warned his side have to ` make plans for the future before it is too late '  Philipp Lahm and Bastian Schweinsteiger are in their early 30s , according to the 47-year-old .  Bayern Munich are currently third in the Bundesliga .  Bayern face Hoffenheim on Saturday as part of a special documentary ` Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves '
Sally Jones , 45 , fled Britain with her 10-year-old son to join ISIS .  Mother-of-two is believed to have been filmed leading ISIS fighters in Syria .  She is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting Arabic chants .  Experts say it is first ` real evidence ' she is involved with brigade at a ` high level '  Footage also shows a woman , believed to
Today show hosts Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease .  Savannah , in a blonde wig and a pink jacket , Carson took on the role of Olivia Newton-John 's character Sandy , while Savannah was originally played by John Travolta .  The duo went head to head with Al Roker , Willie Geist and
Ann Price , the creator of the world famous Ghetto Burger , has died at the age of 72 .  Price was the owner of Ann 's Snack Bar in Atlanta .  Back in 2007 , the Wall Street Journal named her signature ` Ghettourger , ' a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili , the best in America .  Price was known
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs .  Our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs , dust or pollen .  The findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems .  Canadian and Australian scientists found that people in the US had far smaller collection of
Frida Kahlo wrote passionate love letters to Jose Bartoli between 1946 and 1949 .  They were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 .  They were saved by Jose until his death in 1995 .  The archive of passionate messages , which comprise more than 100 pages , were passed down through generations of his family until they reached the current owner .  They are expected to fetch
A New York City woman , who is not being named , caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera .  The thief took her laptop , digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment , getting out with the goods in just minutes .  The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police .  `
Detective Patrick Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai when the driver honked his horn .  He pulled over the cab and launched a tirade at the driver .  The driver , known only as Humayun , tried to repeatedly apologise to the cop .  The NYPD 's Joint Terrorism Task Force is investigating the incident .  One of the passengers in the car captured the exchange in West Village
One of the 11 Art Deco houses on the Western Esplanade cul-de-sac has gone on sale for # 4million .  Known locally as Millionaires ` Row , it is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street .  The houses were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in
Chihuahua named Foxxy Cleopatra and the bearded dragon can be seen chasing after one another .  The reptile called Ryuu appears disinterested as the dog jumps around .  Without warning , the dragon charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat .  According to the video maker Meo Madeley , the pair completely love one another .  She said : ` Their beardie
New York City police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens over the weekend .  The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30 am Saturday .  Paramedics arrived at the scene 20 minutes later and
Manchester City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United 's rise up the table .  He says Louis van Gaal has a career where his teams are always offensive teams `  Pellegsrini says United signed Angel di Maria , Radamel Falcao , Ander Herrera , Juan Mata and Daley Blind .  City have lost five of their last
The inn , which will have 20 bedrooms , is being built in the prince 's model village in Dorset as a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse .  The estate , which is on Prince Charles ` land near Dorchester , already has a Prince George House .  Inside the estate there is supposed to be no social classes , and schools ,
Frank Lampard should have started more games against West Ham .  Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty .  Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa .  Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester in their fight for survival after spending most of the season as a
Joe Root scored 118 not out on day three of the second Test against the West Indies .  England captain Alastair Cook fell short of the magic three figures .  Ben Stokes scored eight runs in Grenada on St George 's Day .
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on Javier Hernandez .  Manchester United agreed a deal worth around # 15million last summer .  Real Madrid then loan him for the season before buying him outright .  That exclusivity period passed at midnight though and that will open the door for other clubs to bid .  The Mexico international has attracted interest from West Ham , Southampton , Newcastle and
Jose Mourinho has sided with Arsene Wenger in calling into question the legitimacy of the Ballon d ` Or .  Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the award .  Lionel Messi , who finished runner-up to Ronaldo in 2014 , has previously won the award three times .
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February .  The Brazil international says he is happy at Stamford Bridge .  Jose Mourinho 's side currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League .  Oscar has scored seven goals and contributed eight assists this season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Aaron Tate , 29 , is accused of leaving his daughter alone on the floor of a McDonald 's and then driving away .  Rachel Jaajaa , 22 , refused to take her daughter because it was the father 's ` turn to have the baby '  They were both arrested Monday and charged with child endangering .
The NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on Friday .  This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch .  Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement .  The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster
Ronaldo Brown has signed for Oldham Athletic after being released by Liverpool .  The 16-year-old is named after Brazil 's former striker Ronaldo .  But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo .
Asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from checks .  They do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history .  Rules were laid down by Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- .
Angie Donohue broke down in an interview with A Current Affair .  She revealed her husband had tried to hire someone to kill her .  Daryl Scott Donohues was forced into hiding after he stalked and terrorised her .  The 43-year-old said he was a ` nice , sweet and fun loving guy ' who appeared ` normal '  She said he became increasingly possessive , always checking her whereabouts
Manchester City drew 0-0 with Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday .  Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground .  City can ill afford to drop points at Selhurst Park on Monday .
Olivier Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea 's this season .  The Arsenal forward has scored 18 goals this season .  Giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about Arsene Wenger praising his animal instincts in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with Chelsea .
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people 's likes and breaking down winners by county .  The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite .  The Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves have fans across a wide area in the South .
Manchester United 's humiliating defeat of neighbours City continued their outstanding record .  Louis van Gaal 's side sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game .  Chelsea -LRB- 1.56 -RRB- and City -LRB- 1.5 -RRB- sit second and third respectively .  United ended a run of four consecutive derby defeats .
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after drinking bottle of wine .  Mother Jan Jones bought the bottle for daughter Abi 's 18th birthday .  They had poured a glass of wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday .  But despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they found it contained a clear
Arthur Townsend , who lives in a care home in Epping , Essex , poured product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter-the son of his friend Olive Carter , 96 .  Townsend carried out attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter , who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business .  Retired antiques restorer was given a
Lewis Hamilton has opened up about the meaning of his tattoos .  The Mercedes driver features on the front cover of the May edition of the popular health publication .  The 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art .  Hamilton leads the drivers ` championship after two races of the 2015 season .
Robert Ewing , 60 , accused of murdering Paige Chivers , 15 , in August 2007 .  Court heard he called police two weeks prior to killing to see how officers would react .  He allegedly called police to tell officers a ` problem child ' had turned up on his doorstep .  Court heard how he ` wanted to see what official reaction there would be to the suggestion
Passenger Pamela Sullins snapped photos of a firefighter in the aisle .  She said : ` I noticed an odor that seemed like electrical wires burning after we landed . I did not see any smoke '  A Delta Air Lines spokesperson said the odour of smoke was detected moments after the plane landed .  The plane was taken out of service for an inspection and maintenance .
Dr Neil Phillips was England 's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup .  The 83-year-old was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor .  Phillips left the FA in 1974 after Sir Alf Ramsey 's departure .
Leicester City host Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday .  The Foxes remain bottom of the table after back-to-back wins .  Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against West Brom on Saturday .
Heads of some of Britain 's best state schools warn of the dangers of a Labour government reversing radical education reforms .  In a letter to the Daily Mail , 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children .  But they say Labour -- and some senior Lib Dems -- appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls .
Charlotte Li , 26 , from London , decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe .  They both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick .  The idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling ` fat and unhealthy '  Charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them to see how far she had come .
Sophia Adams , 21 , won ` Star in a Bra ' competition with 1,000 other hopefuls .  Trainee police officer for the Met , from North West London , has a 32JJ bust .  She will travel to the Mediterranean to star in Curvy Kate 's Spring / Summer 2016 catalogue .  She will be joining the brand 's curvy line-up and starring in their catalogue .  Adams says
The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development .  By looking for distinctive ` breath prints ' , researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease .  Israeli researchers say the system is accurate , cheap -- and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures .  A protein has been identified which seems
West Spruill , 39 , has been charged with murdering Ann Charle , 36 .  Mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5 : 45 p . m . on Monday .  She allegedly sexually assaulted Charle in her car , but she managed to escape .  But she ran naked down the street and was shot three times in the head and chest .  Her body was found
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston , Bristol .  One horse was kept in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around .  The other was chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby .  The animals are thought to have been kept at the site for around a month .
A new series , Chaos Caught on Camera , premieres on Science Channel Monday , April 13 .  Show reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama .  Cameras were rolling when one plane crashed into another , pinning one skydiver in between the two aircraft .  The situation became deadly when leaking fuel ignited .  The skydivers tumbled into the air as fireball engulfed
Scottish golfer Carly Booth is in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine .  The 22-year-old took to Instagram to show off her impressive bikini body .  Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour .
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City , Utah , spoke to a young man about his foul language during their flight from Denver , Colorado on Sunday .  The young man then sucker punched Hurst in the stomach .  Hurst , a former corrections officer , then grabbed the young man and took him down .  The man , who has yet to be named by police , was charged
Tim Sherwood is a passionate man but he ca n't afford to let things get personal .  He did a good job at Tottenham -- he 's never afraid to talk about having the best Premier League win percentage of any Spurs boss .  Sherwood has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season .  The big Belgian has seven goals in five
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok , east Russia .  He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two young cubs also believed to have been orphaned as a result of hunting .  They were also found all alone in the wild in Omsk , Russia .  They are named Busya , Musya and Vorchun and are being fed cow 's milk with honey
Ukip leader said he was ` jealous ' of how PM has reversed greying process .  He said he had shaken Cameron 's hand and ` complimented him on appearance .  Mr Cameron has been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists .
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona 's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo .  The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games .  Barcelona claimed all three points thanks to a close-range bullet header by Jeremy Mathieu in the 73rd minute .  Barcelona remain four points clear of title rivals Real Madrid .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona
Justice Anthony Kennedy has been marching in this direction with opinions dating .  In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in .  2013 , Kennedy deplored .  that U.S. . law for making gay marriages ` unequal '  37 of the 50 states now permitting gay marriage , many because of judicial orders , it seems unlikely the country 's .  highest court would reverse course .
Britons spend # 815million a year to ` social media proof ' their wardrobe .  Nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in same outfit .  Almost a fifth of those polled said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online .  In a surprising result , men appeared to be the
McDonald 's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full-and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate .  It expects the average wage to be more than $ 10 an hour by the end of 2016 , up from the current rate of $ 9 an hour .  Workers at fast food chains staged protests last year , asking companies to raise
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's aunt , Maret Tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told Time in an interview this week that he was wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. . conspiracy .  The family members could offer no evidence to back up their claims .  They have also tried to get messages to Tsarnae V , urging him to fire his defense lawyers .  The family
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories # 375,000 since 2008 .  He has given # 50,000 in the first week of the election campaign , official records show .  The revelation will raise fresh questions for David Cameron over his links to millionaire donors .  He is the chief executive of HomeServe -- the maintenance firm which style itself as the UK 's ` fifth emergency service '  But
Peggy Siegal said Oscars judges did not want 12 Years A Slave to win .  Said British director Steve McQueen would not win as US was ` sent around the world '  Hacked Sony emails revealed that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works-but not for a few years .  Emails were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails .  They were uploaded to
Pat Senior , 66 , has shared her five-bedroom home with the animals for more than 30 years .  Grandmother-of-four spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs .  veterinary bills add another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets .  She has made makeshift beds for the animals in the couple 's garage .  Mrs Senior also adopts dogs from her
More than 25 women airlifted from Royal Navy ships because of pregnancy .  One ship-HMS Ocean-had five pregnant sailors removed in nine years .  At least one woman was airliftinged from HMS Illustrious , which was nicknamed ` HMS Lusty '  Eighteen other ships-including HMS Dragon , HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond-had emergency evacuations .  Ministry of Defence confirmed there was a strict ` no touching ' rule in place
Angela Kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .  At 5ft 3in , Kelly had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels .  Even the first twinge of arthritis , which began in her right knee in her early 30s , could n't persuade her to kick her heel habit .  She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to
Samantha and David Cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently .  Do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson 's expectations ?  Score one point for each-the more points you get , the more upmarket your house must be .  Mary Berry 's books are all right so long as they are the pre-Bake Off ones .  The older and rustier the Aga the better
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband , Zakk Satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic , they were n't going to make it .  Tonia Vetter , a nurse and mother of five , was sitting in her car a few cars back when she realized something was happening up ahead .  She called an ambulance , but it could n't get
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley in February .  The 25-year-old revealed he was n't a fan of One Direction despite posting a picture of himself with Louis Tomlinson in March .
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a Range Rover outside a house .  Within two seconds he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window .  Just seconds later he starts the engine and drives the car off the road .  Keyless car thefts are on the rise in London with 6,000 in the capital last year .  Experts are concerned that thieves may even
Sheriff Mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds .  Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield , Birmingham , on Friday evening .  Officers found a 19-year-old man who has also suffered serious stab wounds .  A second 18-year old has been arrested on suspicion of murder at his home address .
Web-based company Homestay . com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield .  Rent posh private apartments in some of the world 's most glamorous cities while the owners are out of town .  These luxury homes are on offer through the website Onefinestay . com in London , Paris , New York and Los Angeles .  The firm
Sarah Watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender .  But the fling turned into a nightmare after she was falsely accused of trying to extort # 100,000 from the footballer .  Now pictures have emerged which appear to reveal Ms Watson 's party girl lifestyle .  In one , she is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of a suspicious white
Eddie Howe is the man who has got Bournemouth buzzing .  Gary Lineker asked if we have found ` the English Special One ' , but Eddie is not the Special One . He is the Different One .  Eddie has a good eye for talent , makes big calls , plays young players , is forward-thinking , ambitious and looks the part -- he is a chairman 's dream
Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer .  Toure has struggled to impose himself at City in the manner seen in previous seasons .  The Ivorian has been fundamental to City 's transition from wealthy hopefuls to champions .  Toure 's time at City is defined as a success , bringing two Premier League titles to the Etihad .  He has been one of the most watchable footballers our
Kayla Mooney , 24 , was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School .  She was allegedly busted after she complained to school administrators that the boy 's girlfriend was harassing her .  Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations .
The South Atlantic island of St Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502 .  It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels-at its peak it serviced a thousand a year .  Early next year a # 218m airport will open and make this British Overseas Territory far more accessible .  At the moment the only way to
Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the Masters on Wednesday .  Camilo Villegas fired two in the space of five holes but could not win the traditional par-three contest at Augusta National .  Kevin Streelman became the latest player to be saddled with the ` curse ' of the par three champion , with no player ever becoming par three and Masters champion in the same week .
The Sutton Arms , in Elton , Stockton-on-Tees , has admitted a string of food hygiene offences .  Inspectors found evidence of a rodent infestation in the food storage area .  Six samples from people who visited the pub were taken-all from six different households .  Owner Michael Alan Flegg , 68 , pleaded guilty at Teesside Magistrates ` Court .  He has since sacked two managers who were working
Briton Nick Cousins , 57 , and partner Grace Garcia , 53 , arrested in Hong Kong .  Couple were questioned over alleged ` ill treatment ' of their child .  Girl , 15 , locked herself in bathroom before falling to her death from # 7.5 m apartment .  Police said the girl , known as Blanca , had been ` unhappy ' in recent weeks .  Her birth
Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for Sunday 's Shanghai GP .  Mercedes driver is 0.042 secs ahead of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg .  Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel will start third , down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton .  The Briton has a record five poles to his name at the track .  The 30-year-old finishes just 0.042 seconds ahead of his Mercedes teammate .  Ricciardo and Grosjerdo
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court .  Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his side were not awarded a ` clear-cut ' penalty in the 65th minute for a foul on Callum Wilson .  Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored for the Owls .  Chris Maguire scored from the penalty spot after foul on Atdhe Nuhiu .  But referee Paul Tierney did not award
Manchester United have put in a # 21.5 m bid for Mats Hummels .  The German defender is under contract with Dortmund until 2017 .  Dortmund are keen to bring in Real Madrid 's Sami Khedira as their new captain .  But Sportsmail understands the offer has n't gone in yet .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields .  The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population , according to the researcher .  Wildlife sites in four English counties saw bee species decrease .  For instance , heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas .  Dr Deepa Senapathi believes intensive agriculture is
Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe .  Unemployed EU migrants will be banned from receiving state support .  They will be barred from claiming handouts until they have been in the UK for four years .  Under the plans , migrants will only receive in-work benefits , such as tax credits .  Also bans ` exporting ' child benefit for children living in
Christopher Marinello , 53 , has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen art .  In the past two decades he has found works by Renoir , Matisse and Chagall .  The London-based art detective is the founder of Art Recovery International .  He has been central to the recovery of a # 1billion Nazi-looted hoard .  He is currently representing the heirs of art dealer Paul Rosenberg in bid
Jondrew Megil Lachaux , 39 , an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips , 38 , have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home .  The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of Clark County Child Protective Services .  A police SWAT team broke into the couple 's house
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for opening day .  The A-Rod returned from a 162-game suspension for using performance-enhancing drugs .  Fans even held up signs that read ` Forgive ' in the crowd .  Atlanta Braves right-handed reliever Jason Grilli will take over as the closer .  Tampa Bay Rays designated hitter John Jaso suffered a left wrist contusion sliding into second base in the
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables .  The 71-year-old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 .  Veteran explorer ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C .  He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the race because of fears he would not be able to finish
Unidentified prisoner says he was loaded into a police van after Freddie Gray on April 12 , and told investigators he heard Gray ` banging against the walls ' and ` intentionally trying to injure himself '  The statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer 's clothing for possible traces of Gray 's DNA .  Gray , 25 , later died of unexplained spinal cord injuries
Renee Bergeron , 38 , from Washington , photographs children with special needs as superheroes for The Superhero Project .  She dresses them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything .  Mrs . Bergeron 's first child , Apollo , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and had to be fitted
Video of Jesse O ` Brien taking his morning pills to treat cystic fibrosis has gone viral .  The six-year-old is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills .  Mother Heidi , 37 , took the footage to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness .  ` I ' ve
Medical journal says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration -LRB- AMD -RRB- as current treatment .  It is estimated widespread use of the drug would save the NHS around # 102million a year .  But the BMJ says drug company has consistently tried to ` undermine and divert attention ' from trials to prove the cancer drug works .  Clinicians with ties to Novartis have
Big Brother winner Pete Bennett says he squandered prize cash on ketamine .  Tourette 's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood as an actor .
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old judo club .  The 25-year-old presented some members with replica United jerseys .  Smalling was named national judo champion for his age group .
The 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina 's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive .  The news comes just days after Bobbi 's family were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed .  Bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur , Georgia , where his daughter is
Oscar took to Instagram to post a picture of him drinking from a bottle of sweets .  The Chelsea star scored in Brazil 's 3-1 victory over France in Paris .  Juventus scouts were at the Stade de France to watch Oscar in action .
Two grinning fraudsters caught on camera stealing 80-year-old 's savings .  They were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM .  The pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced victim .  They convinced him his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons .  They persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on his doorstep for `
Stoke City are challenging West Ham for Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang .  The 23-year-old Spaniard has been linked with a move to the Premier League .  He started out at Atletico Madrid and is available for around # 6million .
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy had been left to play in the front garden .  But they were snatched when the couple were n't looking .  Neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV .
Supermarket giant has posted a list of tips on how to stay fit .  Employees told to dance and run on the spot in whatever style they see fit .  Industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores .
A nine-year-old boy has died from injuries sustained in a car crash near Doyalson , NSW .  Piper Kulk died in hospital on Sunday morning , while her brother died later that evening .  They were travelling with their mother , Chantelle Boddy , 31 , grandmother Helen Bodd , 54 , and elder brother Daniel , 12 .  Their Holden Astra aqua-planed , spun out of control and ended
James Bond would have died after being hit by a depleted uranium shell .  He would have been likely to have died from the cold or lack of oxygen .  As Bond fights in an icy loch the radioactive qualities of the ammunition would have increased his cancer risk .  The action hero performs surgery on himself to remove a bullet .  He ` risks blood loss , lack of
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego .  Delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need .  But they say they ` re not stealing it because their history of living at the water 's edge gives them that right .
Marcus and Markieff Morris are forwards for the Phoenix Suns in the NBA .  The 25-year-old twins are the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault .  Hood , 36 , told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while growing up in Philadelphia .  He said he sent a text telling the twins ` mother , Thomasine Morris , he 'd ' always be
Barcelona beat PSG 1-0 in their Champions League clash at the Nou Camp .  Neymar scored twice as the Catalans cruised past Ligue 1 giants .  Marc-Andre ter Stegen -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- and Ezequiel Lavezzi -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- also impressed for Barcelona .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic -LRB- 2 -RRB- and Edinson Cavani -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- scored for Barcelona .  Lionel Messi -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- came on as a sub for Xavi
Nico Rosberg feels he may have handed Lewis Hamilton a psychological advantage with his post-Chinese Grand Prix outburst .  The German concedes he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the Shanghai International Circuit on Sunday .  To make a complaint about Hamilton 's slow driving was understandable given the situation .  But to turn on his Mercedes team-mate during the post-race media conference was a
Tidal 's $ 19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March .  Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart .  It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the UK .  In the UK the situation is worse , with the app ranking at 92 in the app category , and disappearing from the overall app list
Katy Cavanagh , who played Julie Carp on Coronation Street , was said to have been given a telling off for taking on a voiceover job for the BBC iPlayer Restart .  The soap 's bosses were said to be disgruntled that Katy was lending her voice to a rival station and potentially advertising the Street 's biggest competitor , EastEnders .  Benedict Cumberbatch has occasionally branched out from acting
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two gunmen on a motorcycle in Karachi on Friday night .  Her sandals remained resting in the footwell of the driver 's seat .  Investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the slaying .  But friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in Pakistan .  She was shot dead as she returned to her home in Karachi .  Her
President Barack Obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling , saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators .  But he confirmed that ` the sense that we have is yes , that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made '  Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries , including
Officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer 's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner 's alleged sex abuse .  The note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue , and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament .  Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries in Janner since 1991 .  But attempts to bring him
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 .  Top Rank promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for the fight have yet to be signed .  Tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale .
The loo was made using plywood by a team of Hollywood prop makers .  It was presented to a self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek in Glendale , California .  The creation came just as the fifth season of the hit TV show hit television screens .
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 Premier League goals last season .  Raheem Sterling , Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each .  Crystal Palace , Sunderland and Aston Villa have fewer Premier League top scorers .  Harry Kane , Sergio Aguero and Charlie Austin have scored more than Sterling and Henderson combined .  Charlie Austin has scored 16 goals in the Premier League so far
Alastair Cook has been working on a new , more open stance .  But in the first Test against the West Indies , he appears to have overdone it .  Cook 's front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump .  He does n't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself .  He 's at his best when he gets
Two senior advisers said on Saturday that Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families .  Until now , the former first lady has offered only hints of what would drive her if she were to run a second time for the White House .  On Saturday , President Barack Obama said : ` I think she
The 20lb lamb was born after a three-hour labour at a Leicestershire farm .  He is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him .  The farm hopes to keep Ben as a breeding ram in the hope he will pass his amazing features to his future flock .  Last year Goliath was born at a hefty 22lbs 5oz in Wellington in Somerset .  New Zealand
Roland Giroux captured his remarkable relationship with his blood parrot cichlid .  The fish swims away from the man 's hand a few times but returns to be massaged .  Mr Giroux was forced to remove the other two from the tank when he noticed that they were bullying his prized pet .
Joe Root hit 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada .  It was his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark .  England 's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch .  Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets .  The
Bath face Newcastle at Kingston Park in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night .  Sam Burgess has played mainly at centre since joining from South Sydney Rabbitohs .  Burgess was called into England 's RBS 6 Nations squad .
Patrick Bamford 's deflected 20th-minute effort was enough to earn Middlesbrough a 1-0 win over Wigan .  The striker equalled the club 's record goal return of the modern era .  Boro are five points adrift of safety in League One .  Aitor Karanka 's side have won nine of their last 10 games on their own turf .  But no second-tier side have taken more points than Middlesbrough .
Ander Herrera has impressed Manchester United scouts at Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao .  Barcelona have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old .  Xavi has options with Qatar 's Al Sadd but is considering staying with Barcelona until their transfer embargo is lifted next January .  Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend as they played out a 1-1 draw with Sporting Lisbon
Mother-of-two Belinda Earl ran Debenhams , Jaeger and Aquascutum .  She won make-or-break style director role at M & S in September 2012 .  Today it appears that her hard work has paid off , with general merchandise sales up 0.7 % .  This is the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses .  Also the woman behind the brown suede skirt worn by Alexa Chung and David Gandy
Jameela Jamil , 29 , is convinced her teeth triggered a host of health problems .  From the age of 21 , I would wake up in the morning with a puffy , swollen face feeling utterly hungover-even though I do n't drink , ` she says .  Tests suggested she had high levels of mercury .  After other potential causes such as diet were ruled out , it was
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink 's Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday .  The Dutchman is happy to be promoted , but wants to finish on top .  The Brewers won promotion to League One for the first time in their history .
Aliesha Peterson , 22 , first started exercising in August 2013 in an effort to lessen her depression .  After three months of sticking with it , she admitted that she started to ` somewhat enjoy it '  As of April 2015 , the Alberta , Canada , resident has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack .  The 22-year-old 's workouts are made up of exercises that focus on
Rob , 28 , is brother to Kim , Kourtney and Khloe of the Kardashians .  He used to be happy to be part of the show but is no longer on the show .  He 's rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with weight gain .  He is in a ` dark place ' and his sister has revealed she believes he suffers from
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec , Canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases .  But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .
Study by Paris-based OECD used data from Lisbon in Portugal .  By plugging the data into a computer model , they simulated how such self-driving , communal cabs would affect traffic .  Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent .  The finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working
Rodney Todd Sr , 36 , and his seven children were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne , Maryland , home Monday afternoon .  The tragic incident took place in Princess Anne-a community of 3,260 in Somerset County , Maryland .  Todd had seven children , including five girls and two boys .  The father and his children were last heard from on the last Saturday
Rory McIlroy managed to persuade some of golf 's biggest stars to take part in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open .  Martin Kaymer , Luke Donald and Patrick Reed have confirmed their participation .  The tournament will be held at Royal County Down from May 28-31 .
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after doctors failed to spot a tumour .  The 39-year-old is paralysed from the waist down and needs to make adaptations to his home in Haydock , Merseyside .  He and his wife Kate tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs , they were told they were n't eligible .  They were told that because
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear .  When a user receives a call , Hello shows them info about who 's calling , even if they do n't have that number saved .  Users will only see information that people have already shared on Facebook , and not everyone links their mobile
Shezoy Bleary , 22 , allegedly attacked 31-year-old Indiana Pacers player Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub .  Copeland , a former player for the New York Knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday .  Copeland 's wife Katrine Saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the
Fiona ` Kitty ' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday but when he checked on the girl ` after a brief moment ' , she was gone , police said .  Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl .  Authorities launched sea , land and air searches on Wednesday evening but turned
Martin Skrtel says Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world .  The Liverpool captain is set to play for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa .  The Reds captain is looking to lead his hometown side into the final against Arsenal .  He believes the club have the players to replace the No 8 .
Hay Castle , on the Welsh border , has been infested with deathwatch beetles .  The wood-boring beetles are active in the castle 's timbers .  Their larvae burrow inside the wood , weakening them as they go .  Hay Castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful Norman Lord William de Braose .  But the 800-year-old mansion needs a major overhaul to eliminate the threat posed
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes has been jailed for 16 months .  He plundered the accounts of Tidworth Town Football Club .  He claimed to be making rent payments to the club 's landlord .  The 31-year-old spent the money on himself , including camping equipment and a stag holiday to Las Vegas .
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the centre of Arsenal 's midfield .  The Frenchman returned from loan at Charlton earlier in the season .  The 23-year-old feared he may not play for the Gunners again .  Arsene Wenger 's side have won their last six matches to close the gap on Manchester City in second place in the Premier League .  The Gunners take on Liverpool at the Emirates on
Pupil William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a match in 1823 .  Today the school is steeped in the traditions of the sport , with its own rich history of ` muscular Christianity '  The first handwritten rules of the game of rugby , dated August 28,1845 , are viewable at the school 's museum .  Britain 's first prime minister of WWII ,
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will take on each other at the MGM Grand next Friday .  Fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in for the first time in boxing .  Ricky Hatton and Mayweweather will be required to weigh not more than the stipulated poundage for each division .  Wladimir Klitschko will make a rare appearance in the US this Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the
Ricky Dearman said reputation was shattered after being branded leader of satanic cult .  He was accused of abusing his own children and drinking blood of babies .  Scotland Yard investigated ` baseless ' claims but found they had been made by his children .  Ella Draper and Abraham Christie were tortured by their mother and her partner .  Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children ,
The draw was made at UEFA 's headquarters in Nyon , Switzerland on Friday .  Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 .  Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the other semi-final on May 5 / 6 .  The first leg will take place on May 6 with the returns the next week .  Real Madrid will play Juventus in the second
UK children 's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans ` controversial bone broth recipe in his book ' Bubba Yum Yum-The Paleo Way `  The paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts would advise .  The 51-year-old is against sugar free , paleo and low carbs .  She says the baby wo n't have any nutrition they need-it 's entirely dangerous and I would definitely
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as pregnant .  When she could n't find it , she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it .  Almost half a year later , the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three saw a Facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an ` unusual place '
Jon Czerniecki set up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ` farm .  When he checked the nine hours of footage , he stumbled upon the disturbing spectacle .  The two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back .  The Melbourne-based man has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival .  New Muppet TV content has n't been since Muppets Tonight ended in 1998 , though old episodes have been re-run extensively and several movies have been filmed .  Filming is due to take place next weekend at a Disney studio in Burbank , California .
The supermarket chain has requested the right to make employees work more than 38 hours .  The Transport Workers ` Union 's National Secretary , Tony Sheldon , accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom .  Aldi 's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed despite the supermarket chain arguing that their employees ` overwhelmingly supported ' and ` preferred ' the proposals .  Mr Sheldon responded by
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $ 70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas .  Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February .  The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $ 83million left on his five-year $ 125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012 .  Hamilton has been on the disabled list all
Eden Hazard , Thibaut Courtois , Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrate Thai New Year .  Blues quartet threw water at each other during a game of kick-ups .  The Blues were joined by club mascot Stamford the Lion .
John Sims , who had Burkitt 's Lymphoma , died on Saturday .  His new wife Lindsey Sims by his side when he died .  The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. . Anderson Cancer Center .  John , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer was terminal .  After the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week
Corinthian Colleges was one of the country 's largest for-profit educational institutions .  It collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education .  In April , the Department of Education fined subsidiary Heald College , alleging the school had shown a pattern of falsifying post-graduation employment data .  In one instance
Ken Doherty is two frames away from going out of World Championships qualifying .  Former world champion trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session .  Graeme Dott must come from behind on Wednesday to book his place in the main draw .  Matthew Stevens leads Joe Swail 5-4 as he bids for first Crucible appearance since 2013 .
Tourist Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when the attack happened .  He said the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all `  A video of the croc swimming through the marina has been viewed more than 500,000 times .  The dog belonged to the local bike shop owner 's owner .  In the video the beast glides
Scots Guard Shaun Smith , 25 , and Welsh Guard Jason Collins , 22 , were attacked last April .  Smith can be seen stamping 18 times on the victim 's head .  Collins has been stationed at Buckingham Palace since the attack .  The pair were expected to be jailed for the ` deeply unpleasant and inexcusable ' assault .  But a judge at Teesside Crown Court made an
The Modular Robotic Vehicle , or MRV , was developed at NASA 's Johnson Space Center .  It has a top speed of 70 km / hr and range of 100 km of city driving on a single charge of the battery .  It is driven by four independent wheel modules called e-corners .  Each e-corner can be controlled independently and rotated ° about its axis .  This allows for
Gloucester fly-half James Hook has won 77 Test caps for Wales .  But he can reflect on just two starts since the last World Cup in 2011 .  The 29-year-old has n't given up on a Wales recall ahead of this summer 's World Cup .  Warren Gatland cannot find room for Hook in his matchday 23 or wider squads .  Gareth Anscombe is being widely touted as Wales `
The details of George Osborne 's leaked plans are unclear , but it is thought this would mean that minimum wage earners would n't be paying any income tax .  The minimum wage currently stands at # 6.50 an hour , rising to # 6.70 in October .  Ed Miliband yesterday pledged that he would help low earners by raising the level above # 8 an hour by October 2019
Five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian complained of pain in his legs .  He was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada at 4am on Friday .  His parents said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement .  Jerry 's grandfather , Hall of Fame college men 's basketball coach , died in February , aged 84 .
Two were teenagers , another was a young sapper , one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare .  Yesterday they were awarded France 's highest honour , the Legion d ` Honneur , in a ceremony at the Yorkshire Air Museum at Elvington , near York .  Aged between 90 and 99 , they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who
The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1,1964 , and September 18,1996 , last month .  La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark , 38 , of Youngstown , Ohio , finally got the answers she 's wanted almost her whole life .  She looked up her mother 's name , Francine Simmons , on Facebook and found out she worked at the same call-center operation company she works
Everton midfielder Darron Gibson will not play again this season .  Roberto Martinez confirmed on Thursday that Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage .  Martinez has moved to assure Gibson he has a place in his plans .  Cleverley will become a free agent in July when his Manchester United contract expires .  The 27-year-old has 12 months remaining on his current deal
Joshua Finbow , 23 , Craig Stoner , 24 , Simon Radford , 31 , and Darren Smalley , 35 , appeared in court in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia .  Bail was set at over # 2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax .  In a deal agreed with the British government , they
Just nine points separate the bottom seven teams in the Premier League .  QPR boss Chris Ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more games .  Sean Dyche insists his side are n't scared of relegation .
Nick Clegg made desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about Cyril Smith .  Claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the Liberal Democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys .  In fact Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament .  He was feted as a Lib-Dem grandee in the years before he died .  He was accused on a
For Americans , the White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get .  For non-Americans , it is a respected power symbol , but not one to be especially loved .  Kate Brower became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey .  She set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 .  The pay is not great ,
Virginia Trimble Ritter 's daughter , Marcia , was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975 .  Marcia 's body was found 33 days after she disappeared .  Her then-husband advised her against seeing the body and crime scene photos .  But Ritter said last year it was a decision she now regrets .  ` I have never seen a close-up photo and I want to
Jessica Knight , four , suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder .  It is characterised by the desire to eat items with little or no nutritional value .  These include stones , sand , paint and dirt .  Her mother , Kelly Will , says : ` We 'd rather she ate the underlay because it is non-toxic . If we try and stop her we fear she
Tim Visser was a key player in Edinburgh 's dramatic win over London Irish at the Madejski Stadium .  The winger wants to end his Edinburgh career at the ground he will call home next season .  Edinburgh will have to see off Newport Gwent Dragons if they are to reach the final at the Stoop .  The Scots will face Twickenham Stoop-home of Harlequins .
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages .  The 19-year-old said : ` Thanks for the messages ! ! ! UTV -LRB- Up The Villa -RRB- '  Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .
Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turnaround Manchester City 's fortunes .  Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League .  City face a battle to even finish in the top four .  Pearce blames the club 's poor run of form on the influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July .  The Blues were knocked out on away goals at the last-16 of the Champions League .  Jose Mourinho 's side will also play New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Barcelona on July 28 .  Premier League campaign kicks-off with a friendly against Fiorentina on August 5 .
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland , California .  But online she is known as Dr Pimple Popper , a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients ` extractions on her YouTube channel .  The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers , as well as a loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit .
Jason Rezaian , 39 , has been charged with espionage and collaborating with ` hostile governments '  Charges against him had been shrouded in secrecy until now .  His lawyer Leila Ahsan said she had access to ` no justifiable proof ' against him .  She said requests for bail had been turned down by the White House and newspaper .  He is accused of gathering classified information and disseminating
Nicola Adams pulled out of the English National Championships .  Olympic gold medallist was due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division .  Adams had been due to fight Great Britain 's Lisa Whiteside on Sunday .
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park -LRB- Monday , 8pm -RRB- .  Eagles skipper Mile Jedinak is suspended through suspension .  Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury .  Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint .  Yaya Toure missed Manchester City 's last game but is fit .  James Milner has also been troubled by a knee injury in recent weeks .  Crystal
Protein World 's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` Are you beach body ready ? '  Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago .  The ` body shaming ' campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans .  More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed
Britain set for another week of warm weather , with forecasters predicting temperatures could rise as high as 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- by Wednesday .  Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9 C -LRB- 71.4 F -RRB- observed at St James 's Park in London .  Meanwhile the Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April , May and June of this year in its
Mohammed Morsi sentenced to 20 years for ordering arrest and torture of protesters .  Court acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face death penalty .  14 others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced .  Defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions .  He came to power following the ouster of Hosni Mubarak in a popular uprising
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a man after school in Rural Hall , North Carolina .  Three days later , her partially clothed body was found in a heavily wooded area 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride .  Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a
Antonio Valente , from Dallas , Texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich , who lives in Vienna , two weeks ago .  She told him that someone using the name ` Johnson Michael Lynn ' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending Heinrich online .  He said he wanted to marry her and
Evelin Mezei , a 12-year-old Hungarian national , went missing in Stratford , London , last night .  She was spotted on CCTV with an unknown man at 10.30 pm yesterday , an hour after she was last seen .  But the youngster , who came to the UK six months ago , was traced this morning .  Detectives said : ` Evelin was found at 11am this morning by
Deborah Steel , 37 , who ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely , Cambridgeshire .  She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997 .  Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified investigation as murder inquiry .  But the 37-year-old 's body has never been found .
The Cal Orcko paleontological site , at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre , Bolivia , is the result of tectonic activity that forced the earth upwards .  Some of the tracks are more than a metre in length , indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period .  The wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world
Manchester United are favourites to sign Burnley striker Danny Ings .  Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League .  Liverpool wanted to sign Ings in the January transfer window .  But Premier League rules state that an English team can agree a fee and sign a pre-contract with Ings and the club which guarantees a transfer in the summer .
A Sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had ` nice t * * s ' during a consultation .  The woman , who was having suicidal thoughts at the time , also claimed he called her ` a horny little thing ' and asked her if her mother was a ` f -- ing bitch ' with ` lots of kids ,
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to kill strays in Vladivostok .  The 31-year-old would travel around the city using poisoned sausages .  The attacks were revenge as he blamed the animals for him contracting tuberculosis .  He also believed dogs were to blame for him developing tuberculosis .
Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes , Gary Neville , Nicky Butt and Andrew Cole went out for dinner on Saturday night .  Cole tweeted : ` Saturday night . . Great company great team mates . # MUFC '  The former Manchester United striker said he was in ` great company ' with ` great team-mates '
Netflix is near the top of the pile , paying a median of $ 180,000 a year .  Google , which has 53,000 employees , is by far the largest employer on the list .  They fall into three categories-tech companies , law firms and consulting firms .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday night .  The fight will be the biggest in Las Vegas history .  The MGM food and beverage department are taking no chances .  A convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser , Miller Lite , Corona and Tecate , who are paying more than $ 5million -LRB- #
Mrs McConville , 37 , disappeared from her Belfast home in 1972 .  She was accused by republicans of being a British Army informer .  Her remains were eventually discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune in 2003 .  Gerry Adams , who has long denied he was even in the IRA , was arrested by police investigating her murder and was released without charge .  Last month
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat , offal and bones in his quest to lose weight .  His owners , Margaret and Patrick Evans , from Leeds , say he 's now ` a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet-the weight of four chihuahuas .  The
Just a year ago they could command prices of up to # 1.2 million each .  Now they are being sent to slaughterhouses-and their meat put into cheap hotpots .  The dogs ` dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the Chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown .  Previously wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions .  Mastiffs were
MailOnline caught up with the world 's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami , New York , Marbella and Monaco to name but a few cities before indulging in their stratospheric nightlife .  Self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades -- even when he was sunbathing on the beach .  Marcus W.A. . , 18 , says
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night .  Jose Mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League .  Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused in their final eight games .  The Brazilian believes Jose Mourenho will play a key role in their remaining eight games .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Scott Shirley , his wife Mayo and son Phoenix were on a United Airlines flight .  They were flying from Orlando to Washington DC after a birthday party .  Cabin staff told them that a passenger on an earlier flight had been sick in the area .  The family were forced to sit in vomit on the floor of the plane .  Mr Shirley says his wife was so upset
Jose Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo exchanged words during a team meeting before the 2011 Champions League semi-final against Barcelona .  Oscar has n't completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since mid-January .  The Chelsea manager has been called out by players for being too defensive before , by Crist Ronaldo at Real Madrid .  Oscar has not played in a Premier League game since January 31 .  CLICK HERE
David Villa joined MLS newcomers New York City FC from Atletico Madrid .  The World Cup-winning star spent a year at Vicente Calderon last season .  Villa is enjoying life in the Big Apple and has been named club captain .
Christopher Whitmore , 36 , killed his wife Melissa Ball , 27 , and their eight-year-old son Grayden .  The couple had a history of domestic issues and were separated .  Ball was seen pulling into a gas station in Varnell , Georgia at 7pm last night .  Her husband drove up behind her in his 2010 Dodge and shot him dead .  Police said he then turned the gun
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton .  Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the Belgian forward .  There were reports this week Tottenham would try to make the Belgian star part of a swap deal with their winger Aaron Lennon .  The 27-year-old scored his first Premier League goal since December 28 in last weekend 's win over Burnley .
It 's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen .  Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , Malenda Meacham .  Over the years she has become known as the Bongo Lady with thousands of followers on social media .  Last
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast .  He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation .  According to the caption , it was n't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan , who was spotted playing some pick-up ball
Gulam Chowdhury , 24 , stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times .  The Old Bailey heard that Nargis Riaz , 22 , threatened to show intimate photographs to her father .  The pair had been dating for several weeks before the murder in March 2014 .  The pair kept both relationships from her strict parents , court heard .  He told her : ` Cut the neck of the man
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30 pm last Thursday .  But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant 's television .  The sex scene , which featured full nudity and strong sexual content , was screened in front of the appalled couple
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade .  Tries from Hallam Amos , Nic Cudd , a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory .  Scrum-half Lloyd Williams , fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues .  The home side left star British Lions number eight Taulupe Faletau on
RSPCA has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act .  Decision to drop case against William Bryer , joint master of the renowned Cattistock Hunt in Dorset , was dropped last month .  Animal charity is now reviewing its policy on fox hunting cases .  Last October , a report commissioned by the charity recommended abandoning the policy and leaving the job to the CPS , which has
Jamyra Gallmon , 21 , of Washington D.C. . , has been charged with first-degree felony murder in the death of 30-year-old Washington , DC lawyer David Messerschmitt .  Police released surveillance video of a ` person of interest ' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after he texted his wife at 7.45 pm to tell her he would be home in an hour on February 9 .
Newcastle host Swansea at St James ` Park on Saturday .  The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row .  Daryl Janmaat has likened the match to playing in the World Cup semi-final .  Janmaats came off the bench in Holland 's World Cup penalty shootout loss to Argentina .
Jordan Henderson is not ready to give up on Liverpool 's hopes of finishing in the top four .  Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in the Premier League .  Henderson scored a penalty as Liverpool fell to a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of Arsenal .  The 24-year-old is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league .  Liverpool take on Blackburn in an FA Cup quarter-final
Leonardo Jardim and Arsene Wenger fell out at the Emirates .  Wenger refused to shake the hand of the Monaco coach after their 3-1 Champions League quarter-final win over Arsenal .  The Monaco coach claimed Wenger was ` disrespectul ' in the first leg .  Arsenal have won their last eight games in the Premier League .  Massimo Allegri will be hoping to prove the pair 's comments on Tuesday
Gardeners moved to new allotments so old plots can be bulldozed to make way for car park and football pitches .  Broadway Allotment Association member says new site is so poor they ca n't grow a bean-and the new plots ` drainage is so bad that their seedlings are rotting in the ground .  They are demanding that council pay out compensation for the problems they ` ve experienced .
London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government .  Likens it to ` asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery '  SNP leader vows to use surge in support to dictate direction of UK government .  Calls for end to austerity , benefits payments and abolition of Trident .  Polls suggest up to half of Scots are planning to
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship .  The after Bob Barker followed its record-breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days .  Thunder issued a distressing signal , claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00 pm on Monday .  Captain Peter Hammarstedt said they have been following the ` internationally-wanted poachers vessel for the past 110
Miss Wendy , a ` talking ' dog with singing skills and sense of humour .  But some viewers at home were less dazzled by the ` cruel ' stunt .  Ofcom received 21 complaints over Saturday 's episode of Britain 's Got Talent .  ITV received a further 35 complaints from the RSPCA .  Simon Cowell even called his girlfriend Lauren to tell her about it .  It is
If Andrew Strauss becomes England 's new supremo , Kevin Pietersen 's comeback hopes would come to an abrupt halt .  Strauss says he can see no way back for the man he fell out with so badly over the messages Pietersen sent to South African opponents apparently criticising him as captain three years ago .  Pietersen begins his county comeback with Surrey against Oxford University on Sunday .  Strauss
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-1 at Anfield in the Premier League on April , 1996 .  Robbie Fowler opened the scoring for the Magpies after two minutes .  David Ginola and Faustino Asprilla scored Newcastle 's other goals .  Stan Collymore equalised for Liverpool with just over 20 minutes to play .  Tyler reminisced about his favourite game with Sky Sports .  ` I ' ve been very lucky to cover
Samantha Fleming , 23 , went missing from her home in Anderson , Indiana , on April 5 .  Her body was found Friday at a house 180 miles away in Gary , Indiana .  Police believe she was lured to her home by a woman posing as a Child Protective Services employee .  The suspect , who has not been identified , is in police custody at a Texas
Photographer Seth Casteel 's new book , Underwater Babies , is a celebration of babies , but there 's definitely a serious element to it , ` says Casteel .  He photographed 750 babies in schools across each of the states to create the book , which will be released on April 7 .  Casteel says he was drawn to create his new book after hearing of the shocking statistics
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals during Real Madrid 's 9-1 win against Granada .  It was the first time in Ronaldo 's career that he has scored five in a single match .  Karim Benzema also scored twice after Gareth Bale had opened the scoring .  The Frenchman said : ` Him -LRB- Ronaldo -RRB- , Bale and me , we ' re in good form , like always `
Manchester City need more English players in their starting line-up .  Liverpool 's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal 's Jack Wilshere are realistic targets .  City also maintain an interest in Raheem Sterling 's unsettled England forward .  Frank Lampard is set to leave and James Milner is likely to follow him out of the Etihad Stadium .  Samir Nasri , Bacary Sagna , Emmanuel Adebayor , Kolo Toure and Gael
The classic combination of battered fish and chips deep-fried in beef fat or vegetable oil is as English as the cup of tea that washes it down .  But just as tea originates in India or China , fish and chip is partly Portuguese and partly Belgian .  In 1860 , a Jewish boy in London combined fried fish with chips .  In 1846 a Jewish cookbook published in London
Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby start for Arsenal Under 21s .  Steve Gatting 's side take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night .  Serge Gnabry and Dan Crowley are also in the starting line-up .  The trio have been out of action since November after breaking their foot .  The Gunners beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday .
Manchester United signed Luke Shaw from Southampton for # 28million in the summer .  The left back admits he has struggled to live up to his # 28m price tag .  Shaw has started seeing a psychologist as he comes to terms with his move .  The 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for United this campaign .  Shaw was left out of the team by Louis van
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney 's East .  Police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany .  One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him .  A 26-year-old woman was arrested after
Two pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping badgers in cages and shooting them .  The BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle .  Animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA 's ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ` regrettable '  Comes after Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls if the Tories win the election
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining .  Aitor Karanka 's side are seven points ahead of Watford and Norwich .  Championship leaders Bournemouth and 10-man Watford could only draw at Ipswich and Derby in the evening matches .  Odion Ighalo rescued a point for Watford with an equaliser against fellow promotion hopefuls Derby .  Steve McClaren 's men have not won in seven games in
Cosmin Moti kung-fu tackled Stefan Nikolic during Ludogorets ` Champions League play-off against CSKA Sofia in August .  Moti connected cleanly with Nikolic 's rib-cage but the referee waved play on .  The Bulgarian side went on to win the game 4-0 .
Paris Saint-Germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti returned to the Ligue One side .  PSG boss Laurent Blanc said the club need more time to reach the top .  PSG were beaten 2-0 by Chelsea in the previous round of the competition .  Blaise Matuidi says PSG are still not ready to win the competition
31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester .  He was caught smuggling mobile phone and cannabis into prison cell .  But in desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan has apparently stopped eating .  He is hoping to be transferred from Category A prison to Ashworth Hospital , Merseyside .  He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012 .
Lauren Crawley , 54 , a housewife from Kings Langley , Hertfordshire .  She had a benign brain tumour behind her left ear .  Surgery was the only option , but her facial nerve , which was wrapped around the tumour , was damaged .  She had the operation under sedation and local anaesthetic in February last year .  Plastic surgeon Raman Malhotra put a platinum chain into her eyelid
Marvin `` Papi Gallo '' Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout .  Jones , 32 , was listening to music before the fight and put his phone in his shorts .  When he got to the ring he pulled out his headphones , but missed his phone .  Referee Frankie Santore Jr . went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy .  Jones held
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for # 32million in 2012 .  Hazard has scored 17 goals in his first season at Stamford Bridge .  The winger is one of the world 's best players .  Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance against QPR on Sunday .  Hazard was named PFA 's player of the year on April 26 .  He joins Luis Suarez , Gareth
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech .  But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away .  Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house where Mr Cameron was giving his speech .  Mrs Styler said : ` The Prime Minister loves dogs
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the piece painted on Darduna family 's door .  Now homeless family say they were ` tricked ' into parting with the valuable piece .  The graffiti shows Greek goddess Niobe weeping on a metal doorway .  It is now being held at Khan Yunis public library until ` this issue is resolved '  The elusive street artist produced the artwork during a secret
Prince George 's birth was announced in an emailed press release in July 2013 .  A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to Buckingham Palace and displayed on the traditional easel behind the gates of the palace .  Clarence House also tweeted the news , and the British Monarchy 's Facebook page was also updated .  It 's not the first
French artist Vincent Lamouroux has unveiled the project , named ` Projections ' in LA 's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood .  He used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called Bates Motel , including several towering palm trees and the fence around the rundown property .  The seedy motel , which has been closed for years , got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and its
Yervand Garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from Melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ` khorovats ' recipe .  His daughter Elizabeth posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times .  The video was filmed at his nephew Albert 's house to celebrate a new veranda he had just helped to build .  He
The FA Cup is set to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup .  The three-year deal is believed to be worth at least # 10million a year .  The 144-year-old competition is the oldest knockout competition in the world .  Aston Villa will face holders Arsenal in this season 's final at Wembley .
Cecil Hamilton-Miller was a solicitor and former Mayor of Glastonbury .  He was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 .  They included camp commander Josef Kramer and Dr Fritz Klein .  He struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust .  His family has said today that he could n't talk about his experience in later life .  He died in
Jack Grealish impressed against Liverpool and is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England .  The 19-year-old starred in Villa 's FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday .  Tim Sherwood wants the youngster to force his way into the Villa first team .  Sherwood says it 's up to him to decide where he wants to go .
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness , in the Scottish Highlands , was built in the 1820 but was bought by Hugh ` Bendor ' Grosvenor , the Duke of Westminster in the 1920s .  It has 22 rooms , which is set in 700 acres of land along with five out buildings that are on the market for # 3million .  It was used as a secret love nest of
Oxford women beat Cambridge by six and a half lengths in the first women 's boat race on the Thames .  It was the first time in 88 years that the boat race was staged on the famous Tideway course that had been the sole preserve of the men .  Oxford 's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew , but also for rowing
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal .  The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth .  Sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner .  No accidents or injuries were reported and the equine is said to be fine .
Manhattan-based skin clinic Skin Laundry , which also has clinics in California and Arizona .  Clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner , as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated .  The clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings-and frequent visitors are known to bring in cookies
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club : Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen .  No details or cause of death have been released .  Linsey voluntarily exited the shower after getting into a fight with contestant Jada Cacchilli and a cameraman in the second episode .
Flames burn in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin , where vegetation has not burned in decades .  Fire officials say they have contained 25 per cent of the fire , which had grown to 1.5 square miles .  Cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze .  No property damage or injuries were reported , and the cause of the blaze is under investigation
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone .  The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition , which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles .  The metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter , according to
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March 1998 .  The Frenchman has now won 14 of his 14 monthly gongs at Arsenal .  Sir Alex Ferguson was the first to win the award in 1993 .  Wenger 's Arsenal team won the league title in April 2002 .  David Moyes won the accolade 10 times when in charge of Everton .  Jose Mourinho won
Fashion designer Georgina Chapman , 38 , stepped out on Friday looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to Ambra Battilana , 22 , for groping her .  ` She 's furious . She thinks it 's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids , ' said the socialite who worked with the couple .  Weinstein , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old Italian model
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video of his extravagant wealth on Instagram .  The 38-year-old boxer has posted a video flaunting his wealth .  The 15-second video was shot by director James ` JP ' Dayap .  Rapper Yo Gotti 's song blares over the footage of the boxer 's wealth .  The boxer is expected to earn around # 120million for his fight with Manny Pacquiao .  It surfaces
Janet Muller 's body was discovered in Ifield , West Sussex , on March 13 .  The 21-year-old was seen walking in a subway in Portslade at 10.30 pm on March 12 .  Her family said her death had left a ` deep hole ' in their hearts .  The University of Brighton student died as a result of smoke inhalation .  She was reported missing from Mill View Hospital
Zinedine Zidane was unashamed in his praise for Eden Hazard .  The Real Madrid reserve boss said Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi .  Hazard was tied down to a new five-year deal in February .  Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend .
Brave hippopotamus could be seen standing its ground against the hungry big cats in the depths of Zimbabwe 's Hwange National Park .  As the lions approach the large mammal , the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water .  But as the three-year-old lions continue to prowl , the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards them .  The dramatic altercation was caught on camera
Jamie Pettingill robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones .  He sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family .  The 26-year-old threatened to slice off a schoolboy 's face in the most serious incident .  He was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones .  He is the son
Ken Broskey , 69 , of Livonia , Michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer , and has taken a job as an Uber driver .  He hopes to earn enough money to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house .  The company has donated $ 5,000 to the man , and is also donating $ 1 to
The 41-year-old Australian woman was getting ready for a party on New Year 's Eve .  She reached into her bag for her salbutamol inhaler and heard a ` coarse rattle '  Despite this , she ignored the noise , believing it was due to a loose connection .  She began coughing up blood , wheezing and became short of breath .  She was rushed by ambulance to St Vincent
Jondrew Lachaux , 39 , and Kellie Phillips , 38 , turned themselves in after the three children were found , North Las Vegas police said .  They have been arrested and face child abuse charges .  A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge .  Couple left behind two daughters-a teen who is Phillips ` biological child .  A sickly three-year-old toddler was found with severe
Jeremy Clarkson will appear as a guest presenter on Have I Got News For You on April 25 .  The TV host was dropped from the motoring show by the BBC on March 25 .  It is believed he was booked to appear on the comedy show before he was sacked .  The 54-year-old was sacked from Top Gear after a ` fracas ' with producer Oisin Tymon .  The
Faysal Mohamed and two friends were pulled over in south Minneapolis on March 18 .  They were told to get out and put into handcuffs and held for 45 minutes .  The officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto , but were let go .
` I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer .  Christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled .  ` There are always going to be differences of opinion in style , ' he said .  ` Sometimes I just want to do it , ' when people have pushed his buttons , he said
Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villa 's stars ` icing on the cake players '  Sherwood believes his stars must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis .  QPR host Aston Villa at Loftus Road on Tuesday night .  Striker Eduardo Vargas is out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast , about 95kms north of Sydney , has been transformed into a grotesque yellow foam .  The entire beach , right up tot he top of the walkways , was covered in a yellow foam .  Sylvia Freedman and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out on Tuesday .  ` Whenever the wind blew , the foam
Officer Jared Forsyth , 33 , was a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012 .  He was wearing a bulletproof vest during a training exercise on Monday .  But the round entered in his arm and went through his chest , police said .  He was rushed to Ocalo Regional Medical Center in critical condition but later died .  The Florida Department of Law Enforcement has been called
Chelsea have made a # 4million offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto .  Chelsea would look to loan Muto to Vitesse Arnhem next season .  The 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will play regularly .  Muto scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week .  Real Zaragoza boss Ranko Popovic gave Muto his debut in July 2013 .  Jose Mourinho had admitted that he is
Joe Root scored 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada .  England posted a 74-run lead at the end of day three with a score of 373 for six .  Alastair Cook -LRB- 76 -RRB- and Jonathan Trott -LRB- 59 -RRB- both scored centuries .  Gary Ballance -LRB- 77 -RRB- , Moeen Ali -LRB- 4 -RRB- and Ben Stokes -LRB- 8 -RRB- were
Sarah Wilson hit out at the Mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story about orthorexia nervosa .  The I Quit Sugar author was pictured alongside wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans .  Wilson complained to Mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article .  Wilson , who has an autoimmune disease , quit sugar in 2011 ` as an
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition .  She will move to live with her fiancee , identified only as Anne , in Plymouth .  She will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa .  If successful , she will set her on the path to citizenship .
QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road on Sunday in the Premier League .  Jose Mourinho 's side are one point off the bottom of the table .  Chris Ramsey believes Sunday 's derby is more crucial to QPR than Chelsea .  The Hoops need the points to avoid dropping out of the division all together .  QPR beat Chelsea 1-0 at home to Chelsea in October 2011 .  Clint Hill
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .  As she became heavier she worried her husband would not see her as the ` sexy ' woman he married .  Before her weight loss she was limited to a size 28 figure-hiding garments .  She turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape .  The housewife 's diet consisted
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light .  Alan Pardew is demanding more than # 20m for the winger to leave Selhurst Park .  The Crystal Palace manager says any players that do go will not be sold cheaply .  The Palace boss believes Tony Pulis should get a good reception at the club which he transformed last season before leaving days before this campaign
Liverpool host Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers wants the Reds to turn Wembley back into ` Anfield South '  Rodgers ` last trophy win was the League Cup in 2012 under Kenny Dalglish .  Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality .
Rory McIlroy will complete his career Grand Slam at Augusta .  Englishman Ian Poulter was so excited to get started that he forgot his golf clubs .  Henrik Stenson of Sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a flu .  Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament .  The Masters Tuesday saw the 80th anniversary of the most famous shot
Mark Lawson , 44 , was in The Diamond Tap pub in Newbury , Berkshire for Christmas party .  He agreed to take some chips from co-worker Simon Myers 's plate .  But when Mr Myers started eating an onion ring , Lawson was angered .  He shouted at Mr Myers and drove the knife into his thigh .  Lawson ` reacted in a very loud way ' when colleagues
Jack Dellal , known as ` Black Jack ' , died in October 2012 , aged 89 .  He left his entire estate to wife Ruanne , 61 , with nothing to his six adult children .  She says the # 15million left to her was an ` absurd presentation ' of his wealth .  She is suing six of her husband 's children , including son Guy .  She
Thomas Bjorn 's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round .  American Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters .  Ian Poulter was not happy with himself after carding an erratic opening round of 73 .  2014 Masters champion Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 .
Kim Copeland , 52 , was walking home from Sainsbury 's in Coventry when she threw butt .  Two council officers came ` sprinting ' towards her to say she had committed criminal offence .  Grandmother of four was then issued with # 50 fixed penalty notice .  But she refused to pay within ten days in protest at how she was treated .  After failing to pay , she
Rep Steve Knight , 48 , was accosted by activists outside his Simi Valley , California , office last Friday .  They were protesting amnesty for illegal immigrants .  The heated exchange was caught on video and uploaded to YouTube .  The former LAPD officer was elected to represent the 25th Congressional District last year .  He was one of 75 House Republicans who voted to pass a bill funding
Chris Appleton has been working as singer Rita Ora 's hairstylist for two years .  The singer 's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks , a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently .  ` I ' m so strict with Rita , I want to make sure that her hair always looks great , and that means a lot of work .
Clint Gee was forced to dig his mother 's grave after a council ` co-ordination error ' meant work had not been done to the burial plot in Wandoan , Queensland .  Mr Gee had planned to reunite his mother , Elizabeth Hobbs , with his father , Alex Gee , who died in 1964 .  Mr Gee paid a $ 342 fee after being upset with the council reduced
Bones of ` Altamura Man ' were found entombed in limestone in Lamalunga , Italy .  They belonged to a Neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole 128,000 to 187,000 years ago .  DNA has been extracted from bones sticking out of the rock .  It is the oldest to ever be extracted from a human and is thought to be from a modern human .  The Sapienza University of Rome
Neymar shows off an array of skills out of hours on Instagram .  The Brazilian ace showed off his skills ahead of Barcelona 's trip to Sevilla .  The South American star is currently four points clear at the top of the La Liga table .  Barcelona travel to the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium to face Sevilla on Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 in the Premier League on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal 's side finished the game with 10 men before Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf .  Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal at Old Trafford on Sunday .  James Milner was substituted after being replaced by Samir Nasri .
Andrew Caldwell , 21 , became infamous late last year for video of him screaming ` I do n't like mens no more-I like women , women ! ' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality .  Caldwell claims he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo store in Delmar , St . Louis , after the cashier recognized him .  He said
Jackson Byrnes , 18 , was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  He has flown to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo .  Jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the risky surgery .  The family needs an additional $ 45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim .  Chloe , identified by her first name of Chloe , was stripped naked and sexually assaulted .  She was then driven to an isolated wood where she was raped and murdered .  The little girl 's naked body was found in the woods 90 minutes after she was taken .  Chloe 's mother , Isabelle , heard
The One Beautiful Thought ad campaign was created in France .  It asked a group of women-all beautiful and impeccably chic-to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook .  Unbeknownst to the women , those criticisms , negative remarks and tirades of self body-shaming were turned into a script .  The women heard the actresses repeat their own thoughts to each other , out loud .
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval as Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 .  Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time to maintain a 14-point lead at the top with nine games to go .  Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli .  Miralem Pjanic 's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn Lazio a seventh consecutive league win , 3-1 at
Dana Marie McKinnon , 24 , has been charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the May 2013 crash that killed an Orlando businessman .  Vinh Vo , 42 , was the owner and CEO of Vector Planning & Services , a Virginia-based company that provides IT services to the military and federal and state agencies .
ESPN 's First Take anchor Stephen A . Smith is under fire for claiming that Floyd Mayweather Jr . 's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history .  Nine months after Smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence .  He told fellow anchor Cari Champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because
West Brom are on the market for between # 150million and # 200million .  Chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club in February .  Tony Pulis has been assured that the deal will be done by July .  The Baggies are 13th in the Premier League , seven points clear of the relegation zone .
The ` Cripmas ' party , held last December , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols .  T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos .  It was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities .  Black students protested and said Clemson did n't do enough to promote racial tolerance .  All SAE activity was suspended by the university indefinitely
The Sainsbury 's app is currently in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth .  As customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices .  These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale .  It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need .  And
The # 260,000 GT supercar will be unrolled across Europe next year .  First models have already been shipped to China .  To herald its launch , the company 's design team have created a stunning light sculpture in the heart of Milan .  The light sculpture was placed in the Piazza de Fidele as part of Milan Design Week .  It walked through the steps of rendering to give
Ashley Pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on Kik on April 3 .  She went through her Kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as Emoney Bon , 18 .  When she spoke with him , it emerged he was a man , Edward Primo Bonilla , who has been
Thiago opened the scoring for Bayern Munich in the 28th minute .  Manuel Neuer brought down Jackson Martinez to give his side a 1-0 lead with just three minutes on the clock .  Pep Guardiola 's side now have a chance of reaching the semi-finals of the Champions League .  Pepe Guadiola replaced Jurgen Klopp at the helm of the Bundesliga giants .  Pep 's men have won three of
When being compared to their prior purchase price , only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss .  32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price .  Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year .  Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of 5.5 percent and 5.6
Dino Maglio , 35 , has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl .  The former Italian police officer has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison .  He admitted spiking a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill .  He claimed sex with the girl , who was under-age at the time , was consensual .  Prosecutors said he
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will take on each other on May 2 .  Kenny Bayless will be in charge of the richest fight of all time .  Bayless has refereed previous super fights involving Mayquiao and Mayweao .  He will receive $ 25,000 -LRB- # 16,600 -RRB- for the night 's work in May , while the judges will each receive $ 20,000 .
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue , Nabil Bentaleb , Eric Dier , Roberto Soldado , Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen at White Hart Lane .  The game ended a sucessful day for the Mauricio Pochettino 's side .
Edward Moore , 24 , was working in his first job as assistant director of music at King Edward 's School in Witley , Surrey .  He had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office .  After incident , Moore said to her : ` Oh my God , you have to forgive me , you will hate me one day '  Girl came to him in November
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years .  The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters .  To the left of these craters , is Oceanus Procellarum , which is Latin for ` Ocean of Storms '  The map also shows Mare Orientale , an impact crater that
Claire Nugent , 43 , and Nigel Morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years .  They bought a WWII airfield control tower near Wells-next-the-Sea for # 295,000 .  It had been used as accommodation or a grain store since the war so needed a lot of work .  They spent nearly # 200,000 getting it back to how it used to be .  They bought cast-iron bath
Amber Anderson , 27 , has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge .  She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile .  Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013 .  The victim told police this
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game for Louis van Gaal 's side .  Juan Mata insists his side can be proud of their performance .  Mata returned to the club for the first time since leaving in January last year .
Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013 sued the ` breastaurant ' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling .  Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights .  An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination .  She has been awarded $ 250,000 for
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg , Queensland .  The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday .  The dogs were killed before a Four Corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry .  Queensland Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller expressed her outrage on Twitter after the
Nicholas Salvador , 25 , is accused of killing Palmira Silva , 82 , with a machete .  Widow was found dead in a garden in Nightingale Road , Edmonton , north London .  Salvador , nicknamed ` Fat Nick ' , spoke only to issue his plea at London 's Old Bailey .  He also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge , giving the same reason .
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday .  Brendan Rodgers admitted the Reds are unlikely to reach the top four .  Mario Balotelli was not in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal after picking up a slight knock .  The Reds boss did not pretend that this has not been a difficult season .  It is a bitter pill to swallow for a club that had scented
Street cleaners discovered the preserved remains in Trujillo , Peru .  They initially feared they had stumbled across a murder victim .  It turned out the ` victim ' was in fact a stolen , 915-year-old Peruvian mummy .
The Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines .  It is 49ft -LRB- 15 metres -RRB- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick '  This helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile .  Two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on
Sarah Sparkman , a lawyer from Arkansas , tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized .  She was met with a tirade of anger from Britt McHenry , 28 , despite not tagging her in the tweet .  The disgraced ESPN reporter was suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle : ` I ' m on TV and you ` re in
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County , Florida , on April 23,1990 .  Investigators believe her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered .  The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open .  A forensic artist recently created a lifelike , computer-generated image of the woman 's face .
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction .  35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique .  Anti-fracking environmental campaign group was accused of trying to bury the inconvenient survey result .  Finding shows greater backing for the shale gas industry than other recent polls .  Greenpeace survey found greatest support among men -LRB- 56 per cent -RRB- and the over-65s -LRB- 58 %
Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine .  But a new generation of wipes -- known as radiance pads -- promise to remove eyeliner and mascara , but also to retexturise and brighten skin .  Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice , these new pads are beauty game-changers , offering all the benefits
A female wolf spider scuttles across a kitchen floor in Hallett Cove , South Australia .  The house owner got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom .  Hundreds of baby spiders came out of the mother and spread out in all directions .  The scene was greeted by the voice of a woman saying : ` Ahhhhh , kill it ! !
Leicester City beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday .  It was the Foxes ` third win in a row for the first time since 2000 .  Nigel Pearson 's side are now 17th in the Premier League .  The Foxes have won just two of their previous 24 games .  Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester 's player of the season .  Kasper Schmeichel 's
Andrew Odell tweeted the company a picture of the rodent crawling around .  He said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket .  When Aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife Claire had already been in touch .
John Hargrove was a trainer at SeaWorld for 14 years and spoke out against the company in the highly critical documentary Blackfish .  The recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , shows the trainer using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend .  In the five-minute video , he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw
Adian Rodley was managing the winning horse Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson .  Rodley did n't realise he was being filmed when he broke into celebrations .  Trackside TV presntor Rodley has gone viral in a hilarious video of him celebrating the outcome of the $ 2 million Australian Derby .  When Khan and Bosson finish victorious , Rodley cannot contain himself , erupting into fist-pumping celebrations
Teachers complained they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of new-counter terrorism rules .  The National Union of Teachers -LRB- NUT -RRB- suggested that Government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead ` shut down debate ' in schools .  They said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share
Lianne Hindle , 37 , died three hours after giving birth to daughter Poppy .  The mother-of-four , from Bury , went into labour at almost 35 weeks pregnant .  She was due to give birth at St Mary 's Hospital after two stillbirths .  But she was taken to North Manchester General by ambulance instead after it became clear she was going to .  give birth before she could
The Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil , which was then the largest independent oil company on the West Coast .  The art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s .  It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992 , but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists .  Starbucks bought the garage in
The Queen and Prince Philip attended a traditional Easter Sunday service at St George 's Chapel in Windsor Castle this morning .  The Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice wore a beret-style percher hat with large , dark plumes .  Beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson , opted for an unusual blue hat .  Lady Louise Windsor , the countess `
Gov . Jerry Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels .  Brown 's order will require campuses , golf courses , cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use .  Local governments to replace 50 million square feet of lawns
It is eight long , barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby .  The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend .  Northampton , Saracens , Bath and Wasps are well-funded , with strong squads , but their resources are modest compared to French powerhouses Toulon , Clermont and Racing , who have budgets three or four times the size of
Horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5 ft from the edge of a cliff edge .  It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world , beating Arizona 's Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4 ft .  Located in the Longgang National Geological Park , the bridge has been named Yuanduan , meaning ` at the end of the clouds '
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex .  The pair had been driving along a route together where Daniel had erected a series of signs along the road .  They read : ` Alex . Will . You . Marry . LOL Jk . Go To . Prom . With Me '  The final question mark was hidden in the
Yeovil Town were relegated for the second consecutive time in Paul Sturrock 's first game in charge .  The 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay .  The Glovers drew 1-1 with fellow strugglers Notts County at Huish Park .
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool .  The Australian retail giant , who own Just Jeans , Portmans , Dotti , Peter Alexander , Jacqui E , and Jay Jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur .  Morrissey will be performing four sold-out shows at the Sydney Opera House as
Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the NatWest T20 Blast for Surrey .  The Australian all-rounder will join after the IPL season .  Henriques will also be overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara .
At Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo 's shot hit a young supporter before the game .  The Portuguese forward lifted off his training shirt to show his compassionate side .  The 30-year-old made a quick dash for the young fan and offered him a warm-up garment .  The young Madridista was teary-eyed at the unexpected turn of events .  CLICK
Anjelica ` AJ ' Hadsell , 18 , has been missing since March 2 .  She was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia .  Last week , police received a tip that her cell phone may be below the surface of a pond .  The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin , 40 miles from her home .  Investigators have previously said there is
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited .  Sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too hot , Optimat will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans .  And if it is too hot it will engage its Anti-Freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone .  This means it can stop the phone from freezing , even in sub-freezing conditions .  It
Manny Pacquiao was greeted by thousands of fans at the Mandalay Bay hotel .  The PacMan is the happiest soul in Las Vegas , smiling , cracking jokes and bidding everyone welcome .  He has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across .  ` I ca n't say Mayweather is the most dangerous opponent of my career because I have n't fought him yet , '
Britt McHenry 's car was towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the single mother-of-three 's looks , intelligence , and social status .  But the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .  Online petitions for her to be fired reached 10,000 within a
The New York Post 's Page Six claimed Sunday that chef Bobby Flay , 50 , has been having an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell , who 's 28 .  March 's friend said March arrived ` sobbing uncontrollably ' at her home just after Thanksgiving after finding out about the affair .  Flay filed for divorce earlier this month saying that his 10-year marriage to Law & Order
Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld enjoyed a tour of Old Trafford .  The pair posed with compatriots Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at the club 's official Instagram account .  The pair took to Twitter to pay tribute to each other after the game .  Defeat by Gary Anderson on Thursday could spell elimination for Van Gerwan .  The Dutchman is unbeaten in the Premier League Darts
Traditional Chinese Medicine -LRB- TCM -RRB- claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world .  It is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have .  The 2,000-year-old practice of TCM lists curative qualities in thousands of rare and exotic animals , such as the Sumatran Tiger
Lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness .  Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia -- short sightedness -- in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine .  Four teenagers in five in China are Short-sighted , but those rates are likely to increase .  Leading eye surgeon David Allamby warned that an increase in
Professor David Spiegelhalter , a statistician at Cambridge University , says phone use may be to blame .  He says a typical heterosexual couple is now having sex three times a month .  He says people are checking their emails ` all the time '
Two French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on Rottnest Island off Perth in Western Australia on April 3 .  The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame .  Both men aged 18 and 24 , and both currently living in Cockburn Central , were evicted from the island .  Quokkas
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone at any time '  The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state 's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday .  The two , GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over
Neil Moore , 28 , was on remand at Wandsworth Prison for # 1.8 m fraud .  He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at ` Southwalk Crown Court '  It allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year .  Moore 's escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him and discovered
Holly Nicole Solomon , now 31 , has pleaded guilty to aggravated assault .  She hit her husband Daniel with their SUV after learning that he did n't vote in the 2012 presidential election .  Solomon , who was six months pregnant at the time , said she wanted to scare her spouse by stopping short of him but accidentally stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake and slammed
Train conductor Graham Palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements since last year .  The self-penned couplets have been a hit with travellers and have been going strong since .  ` They ' re not Wordsworth , but it 's all a bit of fun , ` he said .  Palmer , who lives in Skelton and works out of Middlesbrough Station , has worked on trains since
Rachel Lehnardt , 35 , had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce from her husband James , who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from Iraq , her lawyer said in a statement on Thursday .  She allegedly allowed her 16-year-old daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of
Robert Tomanovich , who owns Robert 's Discount Tree Service in Livonia , Michigan , first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag , printed with the slogan ` I ai n't coming down , ' on a fence at his home .  When neighbours complained , a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property .  The 55-year-old
Madalina Neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen .  Medics at Botosani County Hospital prepared to operate to deliver the child .  But after carrying out tests , they were shocked to discover she was n't pregnant .  Instead , she was actually carrying a 11lbs -LRB- 5kg -RRB- tumour inside her uterus .  Dr Dorin Scladan , 47 , said : `
George Ford 's solo try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half .  Bath came within a whisker of finding a way into the last four .  It was a penalty conceded by replacement Matt Garvey with seconds on the clock , they may well have won .  The three-time champions were hanging on for dear life as wave of Bath attack
Raheem Sterling has attracted interest from a number of big clubs .  The England man has rejected a contract worth # 100,000-a-week .  Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell him .  Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the 20-year-old .
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali , 45 , emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist .  She has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. . and for not being more critical of Islam .  ` I cannot imagine what it is like to be a
Overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion .  fell marginally from 2013 .  The report also named the year 's top-selling album-the ` Frozen ' soundtrack , which sold 10 million copies .  Pharrell Williams ` ' Happy ` was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies .  The IFPI also noted some dark clouds ahead for the .  industry , including the impact of free .  delivery of
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when demonstrator leapt on to podium .  Woman yelled ` End the ECB dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two guards .  Woman-who identified herself later as Josephine Witt-was 21 and from Hamburg .  She said she was formerly associated with Feminist activist group Femen .  Femen , known for topless protests against what it sees as male ` economic
Charles Kane of Spencerport , New York was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex .  Kane , 46 , had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy / daughter relationship .  He was arrested when he arrived at a movie theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was actually an
The supermarket 's clothing brand F & F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market .  The dress , which is exclusively available on Tesco 's website , is simple enough to be worn again rather than being stashed away in a cupboard .  It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit
Saracens are the nation 's solitary representative in the semi-finals .  Bath , Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup .  Clermont 's 37-5 rout of Premiership champions Saints .  Director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the English and French leagues .  Former England captain Lawrence Dallaglio views the influx of household names as exciting for France 's club game .
FA chairman Greg Dyke could axe the England C team .  The non-league national team has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 .  The team is managed by Paul Fairclough , who selects from players outside the Football League , aged 23 and under .  The team normally plays only three or four times a season .
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie-named after the King of Rock ` n ' Roll 's daughter -- will be moved from his estate to a site nearby .  The two jets are to form a new , separate museum about the dead singer .  Graceland 's managing company , Elvis Presley Enterprises -LRB- EPE -RRB- , agreed that the planes ` owner , OKC Partnership , could have a
Gruesome photographs show man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded .  He is then apparently executed by a masked man wielding a meat cleaver .  His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama , Syria .  The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group .
Artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits .  Features the likes of Henri Matisse , Salvador Dali , Georgia O ` Keefe and many others .  The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings , with many of them reclining in their homes , or posing in a relaxed fashion with their pets .  One image shows surrealist painter , Henri matisse casually sat up
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald 's in Mold , Flintshire , for nine years .  He says his job ` helps me stay young and I just keep going '
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in .  Rangers are currently level on points but have played a game less .  But they still have two games to play against title winners Hearts .  Murray 's side take on their city rivals Cowdenbeath just once more .  Murray says they need to beat the likes of ourselves and Queen of the South
Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in the Paris-Roubaix one-day race for Team Sky .  The Olympic and World time-trial champion failed to win the prestigious race .  Cyclists approached a level crossing over a train track as barriers came down .  But as the barrier came down to signal a train was passing , the racers swerve to avoid them .  Another three daredevils slipped past him and onto the
Sharmeena Begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah , a devout Muslim .  He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy .  He blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting her flee .  She flew from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria .  Mr Miah has been interviewed by police about her disappearance .
Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Robin van Persie is out of the match with an ankle injury .  Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem , but Chris Smalling is a big doubt .  Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after a calf injury .  Kieran Richardson and Philippe Senderos are in training but could still miss out .
Fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley Field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day .  The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms .  Traumatized fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine .
Concrete arrows , which can measure up to 70ft in length , were once markers for early airmail flights across the US .  They were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways , showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail .  The concrete arrows were a way to ensure pilots could find their way , even in poor
The two members of the Navy 's elite sea , air , land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story in Virginia .  Navy spokesman said : ` They were swimming . It was not dive training '  The SEALS were swimming in lap lanes and were not wearing gear at the time .  The sailors were
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup third round at Wembley .  Christian Benteke , Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish scored for the hosts .  Villa boss Tim Sherwood said his team ` bamboozled ' Liverpool .  Gabby Agbonlahor was forced off with a hamstring injury .  Gerrard had a late header cleared off the line .  Villa will face Arsenal in the final at the Emirates Stadium
Jeanetta Riley , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters , was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint , Idaho .  The troubled Native American woman , who was addicted to meth and alcohol , had been taken to the hospital by her husband , 44-year-old Shane , after threats she made to kill herself .  While parked outside of the
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on episode .  Contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer .  Host Nick Hewer tried , and failed , to stifle his giggles as Ms Riley spelt out the word ` erection '  Dubliner Gerry Tynan and Anne Lewin both offered up the double entendre .  Luckily guest Dr Phil Hammond saved the day with nine letter word `
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield after Daniel Valencia appeared to handle the ball in the area .  But linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed the referee via his earpiece .  The decision was overturned and Valencia was allowed to return to the field while striker Mariano Pavone was shown a yellow .  Video technology is
Hafeez Batthi , 33 , and his wife , Khalida , 26 , were racially abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday .  The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were abused .  Stacey Eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as ` ISIS terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .  In
Robert Bates , 73 , appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris .  Harris , 44 , was killed during a botched sting on April 2 .  In 2009 , the Tulsa Sheriff 's Office concluded that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy .  He was said to have
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash on August 25,2014 .  The 64-year-old lost control of his vehicle and crossed into oncoming traffic .  It 's believed that Freeh fell asleep behind the wheel before the crash .  Eight months later , Freeh is still recovering from the crash and walking with a cane .  Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke
Builders in Turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of Cappadocia .  The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area , which was being excavated during a construction project .  The city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth .  The
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden on March 8,1971 was the second ` Fight of the Century '  Smokin ` Joe was the undefeated two-belt champion .  Muhammad Ali was banned from boxing for three-and-a-half years for refusing induction into the US military to fight in
Scientists believe life on Earth began evolving 3.8 billion years ago .  But they have been able to put a date on when life appeared , they are still far from knowing how it appeared .  They say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with ` instructions '  These fragments used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains long enough to evolve into primitive
Giuliana Rancic and Jerry O ` Connell ' flirted with and felt up ` Rebecca Romijn at the Maxim Hot 100 party in Las Vegas in June 2004 .  The couple were in attendance at the event as she had announced her separation from actor John Stamos two months prior .  Jerry became unreachable when she discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell , aka Ginger Spice
Rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player .  On-loan defender Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in the Millers ` 1-0 win .  Manager Steve Evans claimed after the game that the youth loan had been extended until the end of the season .  But Rawson was not involved in Rotherham 's 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday .  The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel
The video was filmed in Moon Park , Odessa , Ukraine .  Film-makers hide in the bushes while the ` vampire girl ' preys on passers-by .  She waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming .  In other scenes she is seen singing a hauntingly horrifying melody and chasing her ` victims '  After the video went viral , an Odessa television channel tracked down some of
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16 .  Rodgers was on the books at Reading where he was captain of the youth team .  The 42-year-old believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to nurture the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe .
Rick Yoes , 57 , received a postcard a couple weeks ago saying he had six outstanding code violations totaling $ 1,700 and that there was a warrant out for his arrest .  Yoes has been cited for high grass over a foot long , overhanging tree limbs , a dilapidated wood fence , an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard , and a dirty swimming pool .  Yoes
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the polluted lake near Huizhou City in southern China 's Guangdong Province .  Farmer claims he is facing financial ruin after the shock death of thousands of fish .  He stands to lose over 1 million RMB -LRB- # 110,000 -RRB- in potential sales .
Wardens at Windsor Castle have voted ` overwhelmingly ' in favour of industrial action .  They say they are expected to carry out extra duties for no extra money .  Union claim they earn as little as # 14,700 despite working the ` country 's richest family '  They are also asked to lead paid-for tours and speaking foreign languages .  Union says the Queen and Royal Family should not
Intrepid motorist seen hauling van with tiny three-wheel scooter .  Footage released by Chinese traffic police in bid to warn public of dangerous stunts .  The silver minivan , also known as a ` bread vehicle ' in China , is estimated to weight around one ton .  A flat tyre at the rear indicates the driver was probably carrying it to the garage .
The Queen crossed her fingers for the Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes .  The Queen 's Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth looked the one who got away .  The 7-1 shot was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line .  The Queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at Newbury .
SNL star Cecily Strong skewered the president 's inner circle and assembled media at the annual event dubbed the ` nerd prom '  One of Strong 's best jokes poked fun at both the president and police brutality , when she said Obama 's graying hair ` is so white now it can talk back to the police '  She donned an expensive J . Mendel gown to the formal
For U.S. . moms , the typical time between pregnancies is about 2 1 / 2 years but nearly a third of women space their children too close , a government study shows .  Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy .  The report is based on 2011 birth certificates
Tiffany Sical , 21 , and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis , 23 , killed in Rhode Island .  Couple , who were high school sweethearts , had been watching Fast and Furious 7 .  Joel Norman , 24 , allegedly entered exit ramp while under influence , police said .  Norman , of Massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of DUI .  Sical 's six-year-old daughter , Jaylene
Oil painting was believed to be the work of a ` follower ' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco .  But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself .  It was acquired by the owner 's late father in the 1970s for very little .  He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter .  But after advertising the
Lisa Williams , 49 , found taxi driver David Coleman , 54 , brawling with her brother .  The two families had been ` neighbours at war ' since the Colemans moved in in 2007 .  The Williams family moved in next door to the Williams ` home in Chingford , Essex .  Williams admitted striking Mr Coleman with a hammer , but claimed he was about to kill her
Study involved men and women diagnosed with Stage B heart failure .  Found patients who expressed gratitude had improved mental and physical health .  Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation , which can worsen heart failure .
Danny Welbeck scored in Arsenal 's FA Cup quarter-final win over Manchester United in March .  The 15-year-old took to social media after the game and posted a vile rant .  The tweet read : ` welbeck is dead to me , the f * * * 1 * * c * * ... '  Wiltshire Police made an arrest after a fellow Twitter user complained .  The teenager has
Laura Jordan , 24 , was told her now husband , Jack Jordan , 23 , had just weeks to live .  The couple , from Brixham , Devon , got engaged at Jack 's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news .  Jack underwent gruelling rounds of chemotherapy after being diagnosed two years ago , but it failed to stop cancer from spreading
Kevin Rebbie , 56 , of Limerick Township , Pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in her bathroom .  The girl told investigators that the man molested her when she was nine years old .  Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom , 34 of which showed
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to well-heeled clientele .  It was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair .  Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt .  The company say they are now repairing bags worth # 20,000 every day at the clinic
Duffel bag found on Loughery Way in Cambridge , Massachusetts , on Saturday .  It was described as a large item , similar to a hockey bag , by witnesses .  All of the remains are believed to belong to one person , who has not been identified .  Authorities say they are ` under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery '  They will be arraigned
Stefan Johansen has impressed for Celtic this season .  The 24-year-old shared the players ` player of the year award with captain Scott Brown .  Ronny Deila 's side went eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table .  The Hoops will win the league for the fourth successive season if they beat Dundee at home on Friday night and the Dons fail to win against the
Thousands of commuters were stranded on two commuter trains near Clapham Junction in south-west London .  One train carrying more than 1,200 passengers was evacuated from the East Grinstead to Victoria service .  Police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water , and paramedics were on hand in case travellers , including pregnant women , were affected as the crowded carriages became unbearably hot .  There were at least
Jourdan Dunn , 24 , revealed in an interview that she was severely bullied as a teenager .  The London-born beauty was scouted at Primark at just 15 .  She was the first black model to walk for Prada at Milan Fashion Week in a decade .  The supermodel has since walked for Balmain , Fashion for Relief and Topshop Unique .  She was British Vogue 's February 2015 cover
David Totton , 36 , admitted driving a rented Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv .  He was walking through Manchester city centre when he saw a friend in an altercation .  He went over to act as ` peace-maker ' but was told it was late nobody else was being allowed in .  Totton drove up to the doors at low speed before ` nudging ' the
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr , 28 , was ` pitted ' against Andrew Jay Arevalo , 24 , at High Desert State Prison .  They were left to duke it out , a trainee officer waded in and fired off shotgun four times .  The blasts killed Perez and left themvalo with wounds to his face .  Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four
Khadijah Dare , 22 , was among the first Britons to join Islamic State .  She spoke of her desire to become the first woman to behead a Westerner .  But her mother Victoria says she wants her only child in her life .  ` She loved church , ' says Mrs Dare in her first ever interview .  Dare , who is in Syria , married a Swedish IS
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster , Worcestershire , in 1943 .  Worked as the only woman in the site 's laboratory between 1943 and 1945 .  The 91-year-old spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines .  Drakelow became known as Drakelow Tunnels for its network of underground passageways .  Site was one of 26 ` shadow
Diane and Bob Greenberg raised their children in different faiths .  Katie , 24 , and Steven , 21 , were raised in separate faiths .  Katie remains Christian , while Steven is now agnostic .  Katie says : ` There 's always been a `` that 's not my religion '' thing '
Restaurants serving domestic cats are springing up across Vietnam .  They are being sold as a delicacy known as ` baby tiger ' in Asia .  At one restaurant in Bac Ninh province , Hanoi , the owner told MailOnline demand is so high he 'd slaughtered 31 cats .  A cat knapper is paid anything between # 37 and # 52 by a restaurateur per animal , depending on
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of mansion tax plans .  The comedian said the popstar made her money ` showering in a bikini '  Eddie Izzard , Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay attended the rally in Warrington .  Ed Miliband announced a # 5 billion Future Homes Fund in a speech .  He said : ` There 's nothing more British than the dream
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder , which is also known as clinical depression .  38 per cent of those taking the drugs did n't meet criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either .  In the U.S. . , official guidelines say clinical depression should be diagnosed if a person has
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the first half .  Scott Dann and Wilfried Zaha appeared to be offside .  Jason Puncheon 's curling free kick to double Palace 's lead was superb .  Crystal Palace pulled one back through Yaya Toure .  Alan Pardew 's side are now nine points behind leaders Chelsea .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .  CL here
Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies , from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota , warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting herpes .  Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact .  Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes .  There is no complete cure
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year conflict .  Some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun .  At least 80,000 , 105mm artillery shells-at a cost of # 1,250 each-were fired at Taliban positions .
Bill Parker , 34 , of Gulfport , Mississippi , was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity .  After going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half inch metal fence wire .  Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an
Floral perfumes can take years off a woman , as long as the smell is subtle .  But if it 's cloying or overpowering , the effect can be ageing .  Perfumers claim wearing certain scents will make a woman seem younger , more athletic or even slimmer than she actually is .  Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and
The ` goblins ' are scientifically known as ` hoodoos ' - rock protrusions of soft rock topped by harder stone .  Softer rock has been removed by wind and water , leaving thousands of unique constructions , which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion .  Once known as the Mushroom Valley , the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle .  The site also boasts
A 10-year-old boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the Immigration Minister on Monday begging to stay in Australia .  Tyrone Sevilla has lived with his mother Maria Sevilla for eight years .  His visa expires today and they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines .  The single mother 's visa application was rejected 28 days ago because Tyrone 's autism would be a
Three million knock-off condoms were seized by police in Shanghai .  They were made in makeshift workshops in eight provinces across China .  Officers said lubricating oil was so disgusting that it made them feel sick .  Tests found the condoms contained toxic metals such as mercury , lead and arsenic .  They were packaged as popular brands like Durex and cost just 1p to make .  One woman ,
Tuti Yusupova 's friends claim she was born on July 1,1880 .  Officials in Uzbekistan support the claim , releasing her passport .  The 135-year-old pensioner 's death came in the same week as Misao Okawa , who died on April 1 , a few weeks after she celebrated her 117th birthday .  The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment , who was 122 when she died in
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt 's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster .  The gold dress is embroidered with over 12,000 Swarovski crystals and 0.5 kg of pearls .  The dress , which took 1,000 hours to handcraft , was created by Ellen von Unwerth .  The poster will be auctioned off on the day of the Ball during the AIDS Solidarity Gala in the
Stoke striker Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season .  The Stoke striker has been sidelined with a serious knee injury .  Bojan has been keeping a close eye on England 's top-flight as he recovers in Barcelona .  Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recuperates from the injury which ended his debut season with Stoke .  Southampton 's Nathaniel Clyne is
Angela Postle , from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket .  The mother-of-five sent the fruit to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail .  The oranges showed an inexplicable hue of purple in her house .  She said : ` I am not going
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan Warriors on a four-year contract .  The England international will cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors .  Tomkins sought a release from the last 12 months of his three-year deal .  Wigan received a world record transfer fee , thought to be around # 700,000 , for Tomkins when they agreed to release him in September 2013 but
Amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out so he can have the ` one big payday ' which has eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career .  Brook immediately challenged Khan in a post-fight interview but the Bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on May 30 .  Khan has reiterated his intention to take on Brook within the next 12 months .  But he insists that the
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p . m . on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area .  When officers Mark Ehrenberg and Ricky Ferriola arrived on scene , smoke was already coming out of the woman 's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible , which had been turned upside down .  She has been
British supermodel Stephen James Hendry is one of the first ever to be a full tattooed model .  The 24-year-old , better known as Stephen James , has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots , and graced the runway at Fashion Weeks .  He has landed in Sydney to start work on a new campaign for Windsor Smith shoes .  His Australian fans make up a hefty chunk of
Yassir Ali , 29 , was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22 .  He was caught after police suspected the silver BMW may have been stolen .  The dashcam footage shows a man getting out of the passenger seat .  Ali was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving at Birmingham Crown Court .  He lost control of the car as he tried to swerve around a
British-born street artist Plastic Jesus has put up seven ` NO Kardashian Parking Anytime ' signs around Los Angeles this week .  He says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. . a few weeks ago , when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardsshian shopping on the street .  Plastic Jesus says the stunt was not meant to single out the Kashishian
LaKenya Hall , 35 , of Kenner , Louisiana , drove six children to a residence just outside New Orleans to fight another group of juveniles .  One child was shot in the upper thigh at that second location .  Hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace .  A 15-year-old was also booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession
Ards Borough Council put on taxpayer-funded dinner to ` maintain morale '  Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat .  Party was adorned with almost # 500 worth of balloons and Christmas crackers .  Council recouped # 1,920 of the # 7,280 . 85 costs from deposits from workers .  Council said it was a ` one-off initiative ' to thank staff for ` hard work
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit , Michigan , on Monday night .  He was pulled over because he had illegally tinted windows .  The 24-year-old was handcuffed , despite complaining he had trouble breathing .  His father , pastor Kevin Clark , claims he suffered an asthma attack .  He is planning to sue police for their role in his son 's death .
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side , Fort Lauderdale Strikers .  Ronaldo says he ` would pay out of his own pocket ' to sign Lionel Messi .  The ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid striker is also a target for ex-Brazil and Inter Milan striker 's US team .
England Women 's Under 19s came from a goal down to beat Northern Ireland 9-1 .  Manchester City striker Natasha Flint bagged a first-half hat-trick .  England can only make it to this summer 's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up .
Kevin Pietersen was playing for Surrey against Oxford MCCU .  The batsman was taken off as a precaution after being hit on the hand .  Pietersen is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket .
British officers were forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow .  They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior , designed to send signal to President .  Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise .  Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the exercise would show the world how ` powerful ' Nato was .  It is the first time Russian inspectors have attended Nato
Mahendra Bavishi , who lives in Sudan , said detectives have asked to put ` sensitive ' questions to son .  He said robbers almost certainly had some inside information .  He said they appeared to know several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in .  The 69-year-old described the robbery as a ` tragedy ' for his family .
Mimi the cat appears in a 30-second video showing her unique ball skills .  The one-year-old cat was picked to star in a national TV advert .  Her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook .  The video was shared by thousands of people around the world .
Leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used 825 miles away in Ferguson during last summer 's violence .  One account tweeted photos of Freddie Gray 's funeral and used language anticipating Monday 's violent clashes .  The company has also identified a recent social media spike in Washington , D.C. . , Philadelphia and New York
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season .  The 19-year-old has been tipped to challenge for a place at Manchester City .  The Belgian defender recently won his first international cap for Belgium .  He came off the bench in Belgium 's 1-0 win in Israel on Tuesday night .  The Celtic captain Tom Boyd believes he is ready to make an impression .  He says he
Jack Jordan , 23 , had hoped to undergo a bone marrow transplant to prolong his life .  He was given the news last week that he was too ill for the operation .  The cancer sufferer was told he had just weeks to live .  He proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas from his hospital bed .  Miss Cant , 24 , of Brixham , Devon ,
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended and his supervisor placed on desk duty .  Five NYPD detectives went to the deli in Brooklyn on Friday April 3 .  They arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes .  Police reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence .  Manager Ali Abdullah said : ` He 's going to lose his pension , lose his life
The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners .  It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ` ads-free ' version of YouTube for a monthly fee .  The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube 's Creator Studio Dashboard , which notes that the changes will go into effect on June 15,2015 .  YouTube will pay creators 55
Researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences .  Stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of the brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic .  Researchers took fMRI scans of the brains of 24 stroke patients while they listened to 40 sentences of
Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield drew 1-1 in the Yorkshire derby .  Substitute Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute .  Ishmael Miller equalised for his side just a minute from time .  The result leaves Huddersfield without a win in their last seven games .  Huddersfield are 18th in the table , six places and nine points behind Wednesday .
Barcelona beat Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night .  Lionel Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season .  The trio have scored 49 goals in all competitions this season .  It is a testament to Barca 's legendary ability to unlock defences .  All but nine of the 102 goals scored by these three have come inside the box .  CLICK HERE
Hannah Overton , 37 , will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her four-year-old adopted son , Andrew Burd , in October 2006 .  Overton was convicted of the murder of her son , but was released shortly before Christmas after seven years in prison .  The district attorney had said shortly after she was released that he would not be trying the case again
Researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices .  Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women .  They then asked a group of men with an average age of mid 20s to rate their voices .  Those rated highly for looks scored well for sound too , study found .  Findings suggest women with an attractive face also tend to have an attractive
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz tonight .  The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson a year ago .  He does n't expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the Octagon .
Dog named Teeny sat opposite Eric Ko at the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong .  The pair hold onto push-up bars and wait for the trainer to say ` one '  The dog then completes a press-up with a twist .  After a count of four the dog leans out and gives the trainer a kiss .
The 86-year-old , from Baldock , Hertfordshire , stars alongside Flo Dron , 22 .  The new campaign is a collaboration between the footwear brand and the high street store .  Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on and the shoes are worn with pieces from the brand 's SS2015 collection .  At the time of the interview in 2011 , Daphne was still commanding # 1,000
Ian Poulter posted an Instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session .  The English golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past .  The 39-year-old finished tied sixth at the US Masters .  Europe Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke says Poulter 's final round was the best he 's ever seen him play .  World boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jnr recently
Cameron Thomas Philp was caught spitting on a police forensic van in 2013 .  The Queensland man pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property .  He was fined $ 300 but avoided a conviction at Brisbane Magistrates Court .
Move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world 's biggest software company , which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones .  The company said at its annual Build conference on Wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their Apple and Android apps to run on devices that use the
Robert Muradeli , 45 , went to Russia more than 20 years ago and had a Russian wife and son .  Landmark European Court of Human Rights ruled Russia did not breach his right to a family life .  He had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations .  But he was deported to Russian-speaking Belarus in 2011 for breaking immigration laws .  Ruling
In Lisse , the Netherlands , the Keukenhof Gardens are a must-visit for all those looking to take in beautiful springtime blooms .  The Kenrouken in Kanazawa , Japan , is known for their breathtaking cherry blossoms .  One of the Three Great Gardens of Japan , it 's traditionally the first half of the month of April .  If you 'd like to walk among the bluebells in the
The German American Bund -LRB- AKA American Nazis -RRB- was founded in 1935 in Yaphank , Long Island .  The camp was a haven for Americans who sympathized with the cause of the Third Reich .  It was largely founded as a Nazi camp , one of several scattered across the U.S. . , where the children in the group could fish , swim , hunt and learn about eugenics
Star Wars Celebration in Anaheim , California was able to view a preview of the first Star Wars spin-of entitled Rogue One .  The film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and ` bring a new hope , ' referring to the subtitle of the original ` Star Wars '  Felicity Jones , who recently garnered an Oscar nomination for her
Tottenham have held talks with Ligue 1 side Marseille over a potential deal for Florian Thauvin .  The winger has been left out of the squad for this weekend 's game with Metz .  The 22-year-old has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia .
Militants have announced plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS ` de facto capital Raqqa .  They said applicants are no more than 25 years of age , must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the extremists , and must speak fluent English .  This is something that even the NHS has yet fully put in place , with nurses who trained in European
The New York Wheel will be located near the St George Ferry Terminal in Staten Island .  The $ 500million observation wheel is being built by Starneth BV , the Dutch company which erected the London Eye .  It will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time , with one full cycle taking about 38 minutes to complete .  It will include mobile bar cars
One of the most widespread ` food rules ' may actually be a myth .  The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts .  ` It 's a myth ; we definitely do not recommend it , ' the Food Safety Information Council spokeswoman Rachelle Williams said .  Dry foods are things such as potato
Liam Plunkett is pushing for a place in England 's attack for the second Test .  Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test in Antigua through injury .  Jonathan Trott appeared in good spirits on Sunday .
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 .  George , currently 102 , proposed on Valentine 's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13-getting hitched to Doreen in front of 60 guests .  On their wedding day , the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days-smashing the previous world record of
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi said seeing Oskar Groening in court is ` a kind of satisfaction '  89-year-old said seeing former SS guard in court was ` satisfaction '  Eva Mozes Kor , 81 , who publicly embraced Groens in court last week , called for trial to end .  She said : ` For me it 's not about the punishment ' and should not be prosecuted .  Groened is being
Kanye and Kim Kardashian visited Armenian church in Jerusalem 's Old City .  Kim , 22 , wore a white dress and flat sandals for the ceremony .  Khloe and North 's godmother and priest acted as her godfather .  The family dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat at Mona Restaurant .  The reality TV 's first family arrived in a private jet at Israel 's international airport .  They
Kerrie Armitage , from Leeds , suffers from aquagenic urticaria-an allergy to water .  She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters .  Claims a kiss from husband Peter can trigger a painful flare-up due to his saliva .  The 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years .  Her condition means external exposure to water is the main problem , rather
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Miranda .  The 30-year-old has admitted he is ` proud ' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford .  Miranda has started Brazil 's last eight matches since missing out on a place at the 2014 World Cup .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Palm Beach County deputies responded to a Lake Worth animal hospital around 4 : 30 am Friday morning and found a Shih Tzu named Cujo with his eye hanging out of the socket .  The dog 's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son had been drinking and teasing the dog , prompting the dog to bite him .  A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the blasts on Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of the tragedy .  Among them , the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15,2013 attack , headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil commemorative banners .  Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word `
The body of Andrew Getty , 47 , was found naked from the waist down .  He was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune in Surrey .  Police say a woman called them to his home on Tuesday , saying he had suffered a heart attack .  Investigators say he had been having severe stomach problems .  But they believe he died of natural causes or an accident
Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p . m .  Police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries .  Sierra Abanilla , 13 , was in line at the buffet with her family when she heard the shot ring out .  A car
Sean Dyche 's Burnley are gearing up for the final eight games of their Barclays Premier League survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp .  The Clarets are preparing for a run-in that begins with Sunday 's tricky visit of Tottenham Hotspur .  The Burnley boss believes his side are more than capable of avoiding the Premier League drop .  The Burnley manager has dismissed suggestions that his side
All Aboard ! The Canal Trip will air on BBC Four on May 5 .  It follows a canalboat as it pootles its way along the Kennet and Avon Canal .  There is no presenter , narrator , dialogue or music .  All viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat 's engine , the lapping of the water and local birdsong .
Kseniya Soukeras , who is due in August , wants to name her unborn child Michael , after her late father .  Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon , after his own father .  The couple have turned to the general public to help them make a decision .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  Jim Jeffries came out of a six-year retirement to take on Jack Johnson , the first black heavyweight champion .  Jeffries agreed ` to respond to that portion of the white race that has been looking for me to defend its athletic superiority ' in return for a purse
Radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour were detected .  This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person .
A 16-year-old student walked into the commons at North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses .  Brady Olson , 43 , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton boss before leaving .  The Argentine has been in charge of Tottenham since leaving St Mary 's .  He has brought in Calum Chambers , James Ward-Prowse and Nabil Bentaleb .  Harry Kane has scored a sensational 31 goals in all competitions this season .  Andre Villas-Boas was sacked as manager by Nicola Cortese in October .  Daniel Levy saw him as the
Baltimore Police Department used cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007 , a court heard .  Officers used a device called Hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away .  Details , revealed in court , resemble the original plot of HBO 's hit series The Wire , which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers .  The department is under orders by
Susan Monica , a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon , went on trial on Tuesday in Medford , Oregon .  She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in Jackson County , Oregon and dismembering their bodies .  In opening statements , Monica said she shot the first victim in self-defense , and the second as a kind of mercy killing
Princess Beatrice was at the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference in Florence .  She was joined by Suzy Menkes and Karl Lagerfeld at Palazzo Corsini .  The Princess was also seen posing with US designer Tory Burch .  Last night , she was pictured enjoying a chat with Ralph Lauren 's son David .  Last night she was photographed enjoying a lavish party with boyfriend Dave Clark .  The Princess
Jade Ruthven , 33 , of Perth , was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from ` a few of the girls '  It was cruelly criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook .  ` We all have kids that we are besotted with ... But we do n't ram it down everyone else 's neck ! ! !
Colleen Harris , 73 , was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday .  It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict her of murdering Robert Edward ` Bob ' Harris in their Placerville , California home in 2013 .  Harris shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old James Batten , after claiming he had been
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday night .  Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema .  The Italian has hailed his players as the best in the world .  Isco has featured heavily for Real Madrid this season in a predominately attacking role .  The Italian could turn to striker Javier
Tim Sherwood replied to a letter from six-year-old Aston Villa fan Charlie Pye .  Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked in February .  Sherwood revealed his ` win bonus ' to the assembled media on Friday .
Detectives are ` closely monitoring developments ' in the # 60m London case .  They are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week .  They are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid .  If it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a # 8.3 million raid at the Volksbank in Steglitz , Berlin ,
` Chris ' was shot in the leg by Taliban gunmen near his home in Khost .  26-year-old says it is one of several attempts made to kill or kidnap him .  Father-of-two worked with elite units including SAS , Royal Marines and Parachute Regiment .  Says he has taken evidence of threats to UK authorities on ten occasions .  Claims he has also narrowly escaped a kidnap attempt and
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar , Cigars and Stripes , when she stumbled on the two-way mirror .  She opened a mirror door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through it .  Bar owner Ronnie Lottz said he has no plans to get rid of it .  He said : ` Do you know how much joy that mirror has brought to
Scientists at the CNR Institute of Clinical Physiology in Pisa , Italy , used CT scans of a tooth found in Riparo Bombrini in the Ligurian Alps in 1976 .  They found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on Neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in NSW to modern humans .  They have now been able to prove that these teeth
Charmain Speirs , 41 , was found face-down in a bath in Ghana last week .  Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder .  He is the leader of the Global Light Revival Ministries church .  He is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher from Ghana .  But his defence lawyer has claimed in court that she was a habitual heroin user .  But her brother
Aston Villa have struggled to compete but are a proper club .  Martin Keown joined Aston Villa in 1986 because of the club 's rich history and tradition .  Tim Sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances .  Villa won the European Cup in 1982 and will be desperate to become part of the fabric of a fantastic club .
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  The pair stand up solely on their legs-and hold the pose for several seconds .  Their owner and trainer , Dai Aoki , runs the Waterloo , Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care .  The TV show `
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr could rematch in under six weeks .  The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29 .  The pair are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9 .  Saunders will be making the first defence of his WBA interim belt .  Saunders will have a warm-up ` international contest ' ahead of his challenge for the WBO
Manny Pacquiao 's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was cancelled .  The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues .  The Filipino was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week .  But the only question he answered was from a Top Rank PR person
Abdul Hadi Arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday .  He had gun wounds to the chest and was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the An-Noor mosque in Acton , West London .  Hassan Anyabwile , 53 , from Trinidad and Tobago was brought in to replace him .  He was involved in attempted coup d `
The Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum .  It is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds .  The most expensive Edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the UK .  It comes in both 38mm and 42mm -LRB- 1.5 and 1.65 inches -RRB- sizes .  Prices range from a ` modest ' $ 3,000
Victim , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries and suspected leg fractures .  Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free him using clan lucas cutting equipment .
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` Preppers ' descended on Utah suburb of Sandy on Friday for nation 's first ever PrepperCon .  Attendees were shown underground bunkers , tried out solar powered flashlights and dressed up as zombies .  They were also greeted by actors from AMC hit show ` The Walking Dead ' , including Addy Miller , who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge
Helen Dunn , 78 , from Stourbridge , West Midlands , was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag Span .  The mother-of-two was only 17 years old at the time of the shoot .  She made all her own outfits for the raunchy shoot , including the fur muff .  In an interview with the Birmingham Mail , the glamorous gran said she was ` absolutely
Siblings will no longer be given priority for school places in Wandsworth , London .  It comes after 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school .  More than 20,000 are at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices .  Four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school .  This is because families who move more than 800 metres
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park .  Ruben Loftus-Cheek was forced off injured after just 37 minutes with a knock .  Chelsea could have scored a dramatic winner in injury time but Luke McGee made a superb double stop to deny an Izzy Brown header .  DeAndre Yedlin impressed at right-back for Spurs .
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania to the Capitol on Wednesday .  The tiny , open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone , but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way .  Hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the
Julie Walters , 49 , posed as a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes .  She was caught by police after she was spotted loitering in communal hall of retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground in Manchester .  She has been jailed for two and a half years after admitting three counts of burglary at Manchester 's Minshull Street
Lorraine Bracco , 60 , revealed that she was first approached to play Carmela Soprano 's wife Carmela in The Sopranos .  The Oscar-nominated actress said she wanted to play Dr . Jennifer Melfi instead .  She said she had already played a mobster 's woman in Goodfellas nine years earlier .  She was cast as Dr . Melfi by the show 's creator David Chase .  She said that
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation at Wigan Warriors .  The Wales forward made his first appearance since punching St Helens ` Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern 's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto .  The World Cup winner has lost his place to Xabi Alonso in Pep Guardiola 's side .  Dietmar Hamann believes the Bayern Munich midfielder may leave the Allianz Arena .  Franck Ribery is closing in on a return to fitness after an ankle injury .
Fernando Alonso says McLaren will be his last team .  Alonso Spaniard says he will close the loop when he retires .  Alonso left Ferrari to join McLaren in 2007 after a bitter year .  The 33-year-old says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season .
Victorino Chua , 49 , accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital , Stockport .  He is accused of contaminating saline drips and poisoning 18 others .  In 13-page ` bitter nurse confession ' , he said : ` How an angel can turn to an evil person '  He wrote : ` The document . Got lots to tell but I just take it to my grave
NBC News chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012 .  He was convinced by his captors that he had been taken by government affiliated forces .  But he has now revealed that he was most likely taken by Sunni rebels .  The group that kidnapped us put on an elaborate ruse to convince us they were Shiite Shabiha militiamen , ` he said .  Mr Engel
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is Manchester United 's biggest threat .  Manchester City host United at the Etihad on Sunday afternoon .  Fguero has scored six times against United since joining City in 2011 .  Falcoo says he is happy at United despite playing a bit-part role .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
James Koryor , 41 , was arrested Tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse .  He took his two sons to a liquor store , where he bought a bottle of gin .  Then drove around drinking with the boys in the car , before going home and falling asleep , police say .  The boy 's mother found him in the dark silver Nissen some time later
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map .  It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky .  The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years .  Red here shows more dark matter , and blue shows less .  And the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe .  Called ` dark matter
Downton Abbey star Lily James has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery in eight weeks .  From # 3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a # 35,000 gown and a # 40,000 necklace , Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how her wardrobe would be a stretch even for Prince Charming 's bulging wallet .  On February 13 , Lily goes braless in Berlin in
A new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays .  Others say they protect the skin from the inside .  Dr Skin 's Suncare Lotion And Sun Drink costs # 11.90 for five 60ml shots and 100ml lotion .  Goldfaden MD Sun Visor Oil Free Spray , SPF 30 .  # 19.99 for 150ml spray , from Boots and supermarkets .  Dr Bav Shergill
Marie Hunt of Spring Green , Wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school .  The 103-year-old resident of Meadows Assisted Living and Memory Care in Spring Green was presented with an honorary degree by River Valley High School , 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated .  Ms . Hunt was born in
Yannick Bolasie has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season .  Alan Pardew says it would have to take a ` very , very big fee ' to lure the winger away from Selhurst Park .  Zaha made the # 10million switch to Manchester United two seasons ago .  The winger has two years to run on his contract .  Palace host Manchester City on Monday night .  CLICK
Grant Allen , 38 , of Harlow , Essex , travelled first class with girlfriend Gaynor Godwin .  Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays worth # 30,000 between 2006 and 2010 .  Allen splurged # 8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to Disney World .  Pair lived in a # 700,000 home in Rayne , Essex and
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the New Jersey governor .  Christie asked Fallon if he looked great , Christie said , ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream .  The ice
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic 's arm .  The Real Madrid player denied the claims .  Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final .
Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea lives in one of London 's most exclusive postcodes .  He 's known as living in the best bars and restaurants with wealthy co-stars .  But he also loves action holidays to lie on a beach and surf in the Arctic .  Singer says he does n't think he 's played this sober before , but prefers action holidays .  He once took a
Faith and Hope Howie were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus .  They died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents , Simon Howie and Renee Young , laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney 's west .  Family members have visited the grave every week
Castello Baronale , situated just 31 miles -LRB- 50km -RRB- from Rome , was built by Pope Urban VIII 's nephew , Cardinal Barberini , in 1541 .  It remained in the Barberini family for 400 years , until it was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle 's gold and used it as a fortress for the French Revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800 .  The castle has
Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming .  Sharon , 45 , trims her husband 's eyebrows , waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair .  Mike , 40 , returns the favours with waxing , spray tans and eyelash tints .  He waxes her underarms , legs , upper lip and chin , and can even perform a Brazilian
Jeremy Clarkson , 55 , was sacked by the BBC after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack .  Said he was told two days before assaulting a BBC producer he might have cancer .  He said : ` We were in the middle of a Top Gear series . And Top Gear always came first '  Clarkson said he had now been given the all-clear by the broadcaster
Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane at Turf Moor .  Kane 's first outing as captain of Tottenham failed to inspire Spurs in an insipid 0-0 draw against Burnley .  Sean Dyche 's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won .  Spurs ` hopes of a top-four spot look to have evaporated .  Sky Sports pundit Paul
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer .  She will make her first appearance on April 30 , just before the NFL draft , interviewing Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota .  Smith , 56 , also revealed in an interview that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return and is proud of her bald head
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season .  It 's always important to have all your players going in One Direction .  John Terry works hard to ensure everybody at Chelsea is heading in the same direction .  Nemanja Vidic is the best player in the Premier League this season .  Danny Welbeck is the player who has played
Kendall and Baylee were born with very different skin tones .  Miss Horton , 28 , is white , while Mr Curtis , 24 , is half Jamaican .  Their parents , Curtis Martin and Rebecca Horton , are non-identical .  They were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .  This means they have inherited different genes from their parents .  In odds of a million to
Noelle Reno has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death .  She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he died .  The tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment .  He had been involved in one of the UK 's most acrimonious divorce cases with his ex-wife Michelle .  He claimed to have lost all
Theo Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season .  Arsene Wenger has only briefly used the wideman up front .  Ian Wright says he would be disappointed to see the winger leave the club .  The Gunners legend says the winger should have been moved inside .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  Mr Keenan 's father Keith , 62 , was also diagnosed with scabies and dementia .  He was evicted from his four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West
Four police officers were seen rushing towards a pro-cannabis protestor .  He was just yards from a police sign saying : ` Possession of cannabis is illegal '  Thousands of protesters were seen smoking marijuana in Hyde Park .  The term ` 420 ' has become universally known as the code word for cannabis .
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island .  She did n't evacuate because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats .  She lost everything in the storm-but in its aftermath she met the love of her life .  She won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station .  But she decided not to cash it in
Holly Barber , 25 , woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains .  But chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before .  When she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious .  Doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms-blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly .  A year later , medics
Parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life .  They have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it .  But so desperate are they to get their son Craig-known as CJ-into a local prep school .  They ` ve put their house on the market in order to pay for Craig Jr 's fees .
King Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking violence against foreigners .  The dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women 's rights and HIV / Aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing .  Last month he labelled homosexuals as ` rotten ' in a speech in Durban .  He also said foreigners were ` lice ' and ` ants ' and should be expelled from
Teofil Brank , better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth , was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles .  Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim .  In a March 20 indictment , Brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone 's reputation .
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford for the last FA Cup Final to be played in England for four years .  The match was played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack near Ypres , Belgium .  Some claimed the final , won by Sheffield United , should not have taken place at
Martynas Kupstys was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics .  The Lithuanian killer spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison .  He posed on video brandishing a large meat cleaver in a threatening manner .  He also posted a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of Adolf Hitler .  The 26-year-old was on trial at the time of the
Mike Lane , 40 , was attacked by balaclava-clad protesters at Everleigh , Wiltshire .  He was joint master of the Tedworth Hunt and was kicked in the head .  Video of the incident and a dossier of evidence , including names of saboteurs , was given to Wiltshire Police .  Mr Lane said : ` I ' m beginning to lose my trust in the police `
Joseph Oberhansley , from Jeffersonville , Indiana , is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of Tammy Jo Blanton , 46 .  On Tuesday , prosecutors asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4 .  Prosecutors said last year they intended to seek the death penalty in the case .  He was convicted of
Loretta Reinholdt , 54 , and Andy Wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain .  Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after asking for gas .  After the hold-up , the pirates cut
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community 's powered wheelchair football team .  The Everton goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair .  The U . S international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice .
California Department of Fish and Wildlife tweeted ` the cougar has left the building '  The lion , known as P-22 , left the Los Feliz home in the early hours of Tuesday .  He was spotted by workers in the crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac 's home .  Animal services tried to move the animal , including firing tennis balls .  But the animal was not prepared
Ann Malsbury , 22 , also battered Lee Judson , 21 , with saucepan and hair straighteners .  Pair broke up after 18-month relationship , Warwick Crown Court heard .  Malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped white iPod lead around his neck .  She then armed herself with large carving knife and stabbed him several times .  Malsbury was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm .  But
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas , Texas , saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage , before quickly snatching him up .  The thief is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it in his black Chevy Tahoe .  Peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond , a transgender woman .  The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond 's gender dysphoria , a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity .  Diamond , who 's 36
Benidorm , dating to the 1960s , is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status .  The package holiday Mecca is famous for a lowbrow British TV sitcom and adult entertainer Sticky Vicky .  But those pushing for its membership say it is not getting ideas above its station .  Mario Gaviria says the resort deserves the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like Stonehenge , the Taj Mahal
Isobel Attwood , 16 , has not made contact with her family since leaving her home .  She is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions .  Friends have posted on social media saying she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s .  Officers believe she could be in the Winchester or Southampton areas .
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 .  The mother-of-two was told she only had up to three years to live .  After 14 years of chemotherapy and radiation , the mother of two lost her battle to cancer last Thursday morning at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61 .  Her husband Ronny and their two daughters Symantha , 40 , and Kelly ,
The 2015 Indian Premier League is the eighth edition of the T20 season .  Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks .  The final will be held at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24 .  MS Dhoni 's Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history .  Brendon McCullum , Faf du Plessis and West Indian all-rounder Dwyane Bravo are
Clusters of racism appeared in areas of the Gulf Coast , Michigan 's Upper Peninsula , and a large portion of Ohio .  Racism in the New England states , along with New York , were two surprising hotspots for racism .  Map based its results on Google search data -- a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact Barack Obama 's electoral chances .
David Cameron revealed he and his wife Samantha were ` falling apart '  He said : ` We were n't falling out with each other , but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything '  Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome , a rare brain disorder .  It left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy
Louis Tomlinson , 23 , left London 's Cirque Du Soir nightclub at 4am this morning .  He returned to his hotel in Soho , London , with five girls who went back with him .  Comes one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band .  The pair were seen joking about drugs as they headed to a concert in Peru .  They were travelling to
Experts have warned that more than half of pets will be overweight in five years .  One in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be ` overweight '  Carrots named as the worst culprit for bunny obesity .  The vegetables are very high in sugar and should only be given as the occasional treat , not as regular feed .  PDSA research revealed four-out-of-five veterinary
Jean-Marie Le Pen , 87 , is honorary president of France 's far-right party .  He is known for his extreme views , and was found guilty of Holocaust denial in 2008 .  He called Nazi gas chambers ` a detail of history ' in an interview with RTL radio .  Mr Le Pen has refused to step down from his position as honorary president .  He said : `
Labour leader 's ` Stalinist ' plan to seize unused plots shocked investors .  Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the ` dark days of the Seventies '  Mr Miliband wants to bring in ` use it or lose it ' powers for councils .  Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer .  Institute of Directors describes the land grab
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments to save money .  Several have admitted they may impose ` eligibility ' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight .  The criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index , which measures obesity .  Obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment ,
In a survey conducted by Direct Line , 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned .  They were asked about what common events make them feel stressed .  Not being able to sleep , losing your keys , and being stuck in traffic were the top three emergencies .  Many of the causes of worry directly stem from work-related situations .
Timothy Norris-Jones , 59 , assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her house .  Left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist , court heard .  He was arrested after the victim 's carer returned home and called the police .  He was handed a 20-month jail sentence , suspended for two years , at Guildford Crown Court .  He will have to wear an
Cesc Fabregas broke his nose during Chelsea 's win over Stoke City .  The Spaniard has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist .  The 27-year-old played on for the entire 90 minutes at Stamford Bridge .  He could be fit to play against Queens Park Rangers on Sunday .  Diego Costa is expected to miss at least two weeks of action with hamstring trouble .  CLICK HERE for
Jamie Carragher jetted out to Spain to watch his son play for the Liverpool U12s .  The former defender flew out to watch James play in the Mediterranean International Cup .  The tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries .  Philippe Coutinho and Lucas played in the tournament in the past .
Mike Ashley looks after the money , obsessing over the finances at his business empire , which includes SportsDirect , Tesco and his football club in the north east .  Last year his group made more than # 500m .  Ashley is not a football man , certainly not in the same way as the increasing number of disillusioned supporters at St James ` Park .  The Magpies have every
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders .  The Fir Park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from Championship promotion challengers Rangers and Hibernian .  The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs .
Sudheer Khamitkar , 42 , shot his wife , Smita Haval , 38 , and their sons Arnav , 10 , and Arush , 6 , in separate rooms at their Tulsa home .  The bodies were found on Wednesday as police conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days .  The father
Porche Wright , 27 , was arrested on Saturday after neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match .  When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home , the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns .  The girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds .  Wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution , disorderly conduct
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby .  Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher criticised the Newcastle keeper on Sky Sports .  He said there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship .  Former England rugby centre Will Greenwood told him about the end of the Rugby World Cup final in 2003 .  Elton Flatley scored a penalty with the last kick to take the game into extra-time
George Osborne challenged 18 times to explain where the NHS will be paid for .  During tense exchanges with BBC 's Andrew Marr , the Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions .  Mr Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives ` ' balanced plan ` for the economy .  In one exchange , Mr Marr said : ` You ' ve just found an extra # 8billion . All I `
Hillary Clinton 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn , New York .  The 19-story building will feature Hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and the U.S. . Attorney for the Eastern District of New York .  There are also Banana Republic , a private squash club , and at least three art galleries nearby .  Clinton lost the 2008
Harvey Boulter forced Liam Fox to resign as Defence Secretary in 2011 .  Boulter has given # 30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Fox in Somerset seat .  He is also trying to defeat Tom Tugendhat , standing for Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling .
Katie Hopkins , 40 , said migrants ` need pushing back ' on LBC radio show .  ` I would use gunships , I would tow them back to where they came from , ' she said .  She also said a ` huge bonfire ' should be made from boats in North Africa .  She added : ` If you allow these boats to come that number will grow
A man has admitted to ripping another man 's scrotum with a metal hook .  Stephen John Docherty , 66 , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent .  He hired the victim to complete concreting work at his property .  The victim returned with a 15 centimetre long hook fashioned from a steel rod .
Researchers have completed the first comprehensive study of the microbes living on and in and uncontacted tribe from the Amazon .  They sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela .  There are about 26,000 Yanomamis living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela , mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains .  The researchers found that Yanomam people harbor Microbiomes
John Travolta , 61 , spoke out in interview to promote new film The Forger .  Documentary Going Clear alleges church elders have a ` blackmail file ' of ` damaging material ' from his sessions with auditors that will stop him from leaving the church .  ` I ' ve loved every minute of it , ` he said in interview with Good Morning America .  The actor said
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea this season .  Graeme Souness believes Hazard can be named PFA Player of the Year .  Hazard has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of Premier League games .  Sky Sports pundit compares the Belgian to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo .
England are the most successful team in the history of the Victory Shield .  The Football Association have taken the decision to withdraw from future Victory Shield tournaments .  It is understood the decision has been sped up by Sky Sports ` move to withdraw funding and propose an altered format .  Gareth Southgate , the FA 's head of national teams , put the decision down to player development
Cesc Fabregas will be making his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011 .  The 27-year-old joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea .  It has been suggested that he and Arsene Wenger have not spoken since he made the summer move that got so many backs up .  Wenger continued to text him on birthdays and career milestones while
AP McCoy will race at Sandown Park on Saturday for the last time before he retires .  To be a jockey is to live a life of denial , early nights , early mornings , restraint at the dinner table , water at the bar , long , hot baths to sweat out the weight that , in McCoy 's case , lowered his sperm count .  He will host
Luke Shambrook has been reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children 's Hospital in Melbourne .  The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park , north-east of Melbourne .  He was suffering from exhaustion , dehydration and hypothermia when he was found .  He is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal .  Luke 's
Cengiz Güven is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day .  The 30-year-old security guard from Istanbul has been protecting Australian travellers at Gallipoli for the past four years .  He has been on duty for Russell Crowe , Naomi Campbell and The Prodigy .  Mr Guven is confident ` the army is
Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars -- the most since 2007 .  We are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe .  Boris Johnson : The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s .  He says we had an era of tea breaks and ` demarcation disputes ' and closed shops
Australian families will indulge in 54 million hot cross buns , 2,900 tonnes of chocolate this Easter weekend .  Woolworths say customers will purchase enough prawns to stretch from Sydney to Cairns .  Sales of lobster , oysters and fish will increase by 80 per cent over Easter .  Peter Nixon , drinks expert at Dan Murphy 's , has shared his top wine pairings , from budget options to
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to be executed just after midnight on Wednesday -LRB- 3am AEST -RRB- .  300 people gathered at the Blues Point Reserve on Sydney 's north shore donning signs and candles .  ` # keephopealive ' was erected using over 15,000 flowers donated by Amnesty International supporters .  ` Until that firing squad pulls the trigger there 's hope . As long as There
Mauricio Pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend .  Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at St James ` Park .  The Spurs boss is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to St James .  He is unsure if the effect on the players and team maybe is positive
The ` Fullips ' device , a sort of suction-thimble , has gone viral online .  It can achieve an Angelina Jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals or a hefty bill .  Device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus .  This draws blood to the surface of the lips , which swell .
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen .  ` He would just try to convince the officers to give him more than what they otherwise could get , ' he said .  Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd , who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee .
Edwin van der Sar believes Louis van Gaal will bring glory back to Old Trafford .  Manchester United travel to Stamford Bridge on Saturday in top form .  Van Gaal 's side have won six successive matches .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent .  They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations .  They then recorded the results using EEG .  As well as creativity , these osculations-or the lack of them-are
The London Book Fair has moved to its new venue in Olympia , West Sussex .  The three-day event is packed with informative seminars for budding authors .  Experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice .  LBF 's Genre Spotlights will focus on two genres -- crime / thrillers and contemporary fiction -- and reveal exactly what it is that publishers and agents are
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW .  Luis Andres Cuyun , 30 , was the director of a jail for juvenile gang members in Guatemala City .  He was riding in a car when suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire .  Salvadoran Juan Carlos Medina Luna , 29 , and Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar , 18 , were arrested .  Luna said he had come to the country specifically to kill
Bruce Jenner , 65 , has revealed he had hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid-1980s to make himself look more feminine .  He stopped out of ` fear ' of publicity and shame and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it any longer .  He stopped hormone injections and even underwent breast reduction surgery after meeting Kris Kardashian in late 1990 .  The romance
Alex Impey , a father-of-two , says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illnesses .  He receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store , Gnostic Hemporium , on the NSW Central Coast , north of Sydney .  He says the drug is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill .  Some cancer sufferers can use
Xavier Morales , 48 , has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her .  The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales in a Washington , D.C. . restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her .  Morales , who was a manager in the agency 's security clearance division , was
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born to mothers Layla and Kumi on January 17 and 19 .  Keepers do n't know either of the babies ` genders yet , and so they have n't been named .  They have been pictured roaming around the zoo 's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit with their mothers , who are both 16 years old .  They share a father , 32-year-old Ernie , who
Chloe Owens , 27 , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant .  The mum-of-one says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child .  She and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home .  App contains a tracker so tired mums do not need to remember which breast to
Incredible set of images was taken in a forest in Langenfeld , Germany , yesterday .  Body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald spent hours painting his model .  He used different filters to achieve a range of effects including a light sepia edit .
Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana , five , and Anisha , three , and their 18-month-old brother Harsh , are among the world 's heaviest children .  Their food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month .  Their father , 34-year-old Pragna Ben , is planning to sell his kidney to pay for treatment .  He said : ` If my kids continue to
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than $ 1billion .  It was supposed to be a symbol of modern Spain 's affluence .  But the last budget airline to operate from its terminals stopped flying in late 2011 .  When the final private flights stopped a few months later , the airport shut up shop .  Since then , the 28,000 sq ft terminal
St . Regis Abu Dhabi 's 1,120 sq metre suite hovers an impressive 200m -LRB- 656ft -RRB- above the ground .  Features three bedrooms , a pantry , a full dining room , library and cinema .  In-room spa facilities , including two treatment beds , a sauna and a jacuzzi , are also available , as well as a private chauffered car service .  To rent the suite ,
Jim Ratcliffe , founder and chairman of chemical company Ineos , has applied to planning officials in the New Forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a ` carbon neutral ' mansion .  The 62-year-old businessman who is based in Switzerland claims that the new house , if built , will be his only UK residence .  Mr Ratcliffe bought the site in 2005
Jenson Button 's McLaren suffered an electrical fault just three minutes into the first practice session .  The 35-year-old feared he will again be at the back of the grid for Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix .  Button finished down in 19th place , sandwiched between Manor duo Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi .
Jeremy Trentelman , 36 , of Ogden , Utah , built the box fort last week .  The father , who works as a florist , received a letter from code enforcement officials .  They said that ` waste material or junk ' such as tires or furniture in front yard violates ordinance .
Sikander Rafiq , 34 , and Samara Jabreen , 32 , lied to Birmingham City Council .  Couple claimed # 66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support .  The couple , from Ward End , Birmingham , claimed they were landlord and tenant .  Three years later , when Rafik bought them a house , Jabris claimed to be private tenant .  She also signed declarations saying
Juventus secured a 0-0 draw at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night .  Massimiliano Allegri 's side progressed 1-0 on aggregate .  Patrice Evra believes Ligue 1 's elite clubs could learn from a more combative style of play .  Paul Pogba is likely to miss the Champions League semi-finals .
` Halal ' sex shop set to open in Islam 's holiest city , Mecca , in Saudi Arabia .  The shop will stock ` Islamically approved ' adult items .  It is being led by the owner of an existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira .
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper ceased production in 2003 .  VW has rolled out two concept ` microbuses ' in recent years , but neither has the charm or iconic good looks of its original .  Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser said that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle 's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels .  The new version will share at least three key
Zeynab Daghastani , 13 , was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Damascus .  She was trying to flee the militant-held Al-Yarmouk Camp , on the outskirts of Damascus .  According to aid workers , she was killed on Tuesday as she tried to make her way to Yalda .  Thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape since the area fell under ISIS control .  They have told
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid once his loan at Southampton ends .  Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast .  The 26-year-old 's contract at Southampton expires in June 2017 .
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in Sao Paulo .  The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour .  She was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell , it has been reported .  Pictures of her badly swollen eyes and mouth have been widely shared on the internet .  Outraged supporters of the transgender prisoner have set
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy appear in on Cinton 's video announcing Clinton 's 2016 bid .  They are part of a diverse group of people-from young mothers and people preparing for retirement , to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job .  ` Everyday Americans need a champion , and I want to be
Prime Minister insists Coalition spent five years ` trying to lift people up '  In Easter message to Christians , PM says Coalition made work pay and responsibility .  ` Just because some people have disagreed with our policies , does not mean those policies are missing in moral content , ' he says .  Comes as Michael Gove claims Christians in Britain are being dismissed .  Six weeks ago
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution-but MOMA is still brilliant .  It 's a city that bears no resemblance to the one depicted in Friends and Gossip Girl .  Instead , it centres around a contemporary arts scene based in Brooklyn and Queens .  The Z Hotel is a stark block of a building decked out in the industrial-chic style so beloved of London hipsters .
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday .  Carlo Ancelotti has hailed Diego Simeone as one of the world 's best coaches .  The Italian boss has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the clash .  Gareth Bale is available for selection after missing Madrid 's 3-0 victory against Eibar on Saturday .  Mario Mandzukic has scored five goals in
Reverend Creflo Dollar , 53 , launched appeal last month for 200,000 people to donate ` $ 300 or more ' so that he could buy a Gulfstream G650 to replace his damaged aircraft .  The wealthy televangelist , known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes , has defended trying to buy a $ 65million private jet with worshippers ` donations .  The appeal was posted on
The 6,825-tonne ferry sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year .  Most of the victims were high school students .  Thousands of protesters are calling on the government to raise the ferry .  President Park Geun-Hye has pledged to ` actively consider ' raising the Sewol .  But senior government officials say the salvage operation will cost # 68million .  Relatives have accused the government of trying
Maria Kukucova , 25 , was arrested in April last year after ex-boyfriend was found murdered .  The Slovakian model had gone on the run but was tracked down 2,000 miles away .  The blonde model was eventually tracked down to her family 's home in Nova Basoca , Slovakia .  Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca , 50 , and Danka Kuku Cova , 51 , say they feel hated
David Luiz tore his hamstring in Paris Saint-Germain 's 3-2 win at Marseille on Sunday .  The Brazilian defender is out for at least four weeks with the injury .  Luiz posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo on Wednesday .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive .  Glen , 35 , had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile .  He met Dee and , after living together for five years , tied the knot in
Kenneth Stancil , 20 , shot dead his former work-study supervisor , Ron Lane , 44 , at Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina , on Monday .  He was arrested more than 500 miles away on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach .  On Tuesday , he appeared before the judge in Daytona Beach , Florida .  He admitted to the killing
Breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley has teamed up with The Licktators .  The ice-cream is made with donated breast milk-screened in line with hospital standards-and blended with Madagascan Vanilla .  A 500ml tub of Royal Baby Gaga has an RSP of # 19.99 and is available in pink and blue tubs .  All profits are to be donated to a breastfeeding charity .  The product will be available for sale at
Hillary Clinton 's security detail arrived at a Des Moines , Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with a second Scooby van .  A visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle .  The original van -- the one nicknamed ` Scooby ' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show -- sports a mustard-yellow New York tag .  The second has blue and
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon .  It has always been rare to find a football club with a hometown manager .  Louis van Gaal has tried to immerse himself in the local culture after taking over as manager last summer .  City fans will look back fondly on the chaotic era of hometown former TV salesman and combover king Peter Swales .  Sheikh Mansour
Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England 's top sides .  The Crystal Palace boss has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park .  Palace have won six out of 10 league games since the start of the season .  The Eagles have all but guaranteed their place in the Premier League next season .
Nahki Wells opened the scoring for Huddersfield after 12 minutes .  James Vaughan doubled the lead for the Tractor Boys at half-time .  Luke Varney doubled the home side 's lead in the second half .  But Ipswich could n't force an equaliser and could have seen them leapfrog Brentford into the play-off places .  Mick McCarthy 's side have now lost four of their last five away games .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Derby County will make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield .  Steve McClaren 's side will be relegated if Wolves and Brentford are both beaten .  Burton will be promoted with a win at Morecambe if Wycombe fail to win at AFC Wimbledon or Bury lose at Portsmouth .  Martin Allen 's Barnet can be promoted as champions if they win at Kidderminster and Bristol Rovers lose
The youngster 's mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on Sunday evening .  But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had disappeared .  Prince George 's County Police have released CCTV footage of a person pushing the chair .  The film appears to show a dark-haired white male dressed in a jacket and pants .  ` The suspect we '
Aston Villa 's Kevin Toner is out of contract at the end of the summer .  Norwich , Leicester , Newcastle and Stoke have all watched Toner .  The defender 's current deal at Villa Park runs out this summer .  It is understood other clubs are ready to declare their hands and Villa risk losing him .  Toner has been capped by Republic of Ireland 's Under-19s .  Roy
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new PSA by the Make it Fair Project promoting gender equality .  The clip , which was created by the group , presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood .  ` We wo n't relent ' til it 's 100 per cent , ` the women sing in
Father-of-four Walter Scott , 50 , was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston , South Carolina .  A number of celebrities joined a torrent of outrage from Twitter users over the shooting .  Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ` # WalterScott '  Musician Questlove wrote : ` I believe in waiting to hear everything before
A small ` hot spot ' in the U.S. . Southwest is responsible for producing the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the United States .  The hot spot , near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico and Utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles -LRB- 6,500 sq km -RRB- .  Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia last month .  It was the Maranello marque 's first success for almost two years .  Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are likely to lead the way .
Chris O ` Dowd , 35 , posted the tweet on his verified Twitter account yesterday .  He said : ` Some might think body-searching a baby and binning his bottle was over zealous and weird , but not me ! '  It came a day after he and his wife , Dawn O ` Porter , attended an event .  The couple , from Crawley , West Sussex ,
Annegret Raunigk , 65 , is set to become the oldest woman to have quadruplets .  The German primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks .  She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated .
Psychologist Ramani Durvasula , from Santa Monica , California , said that shopping at IKEA can be a ` map of a relationship nightmare '  She revealed that so many couples admitted that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture .  17 per cent of couples said they would argue every time they assembled furniture together .  The more complicated the assembly , the more likely your partner will
Nicola Horlick , 54 , whoraised six children while working in the City .  She said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at 25 and her last at 38 .  She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office-even while carrying out job interviews .  Disapproves of stay-at-home mothers because she believes the lifestyle will leave them twiddling
Killer seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises .  This is the first time they have been seen around Britain .  The footage , the first in the world , was shot by a wildlife cruise company , off the coast of Pembrokeshire .  Grey seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent .  They can grow to 40 stone but normally feed on fish no
Nick Loeb , 39 , and Sofia Vergara , 42 , created two fertilized embryos in November 2013 .  They remain frozen at a Beverly Hills clinic .  Loeb says he 's always ` dreamed ' of being a father .  In a statement he says : ` Where a man does want to become a father , and wants to impose no obligations on the other party , he
Sabine Smouha 's # 2,000 designer tote bag was seized by the UK Border Force in 2013 .  It was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile , a protected species .  But it did n't have the required documentation and customs officials confiscated it .  The ` very pretty ' handbag was hand-made in Japan by Mayumi Kondo .  It arrived in the UK by express mail in
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety .  Biggs makes it bleakly clear that for many people today , ` the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds '  ` Serving ' includes a sex worker , two baristas , a call centre adviser and a political special adviser .  The ` Making ' chapter
Acetaminophen -LRB- paracetamol -RRB- is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol .  It has been in use for more than 70 years , but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered .  People in the study who took it did n't appear to know they were reacting differently .  The researchers do n't know if other pain relievers such as ibuprofen and
Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack , 19 .  U.S. . teenager allegedly murdered Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in August .  Mack 's body was found ` folded up ' in suitcase that had been loaded into a taxi .  Tommy , 21 , has admitted hitting victim with the metal handle of fruit bowl in self-defence .  Stella was being looked after by a friend
BBC spent licence fee payers ` money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis .  They then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used .  Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for stars such as Gary Lineker .  They also used a ` sad face ' emoticon to describe the death of the world 's oldest woman , Misao Okawa , 117
Sean Dyche has improved Burnley 's fortunes since he took over at Turf Moor in October 2012 .  The Clarets defender is preparing to take on Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday .  Duff has hopes of following the former Watford boss into management himself after retirement .
Kate Winslet , 39 , wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast to protect her # 3.25 million beach house .  Natural England has recommended the planning application be rejected .  It is concerns it may result in the ` direct loss ' of natural habitat designated for rare and vulnerable birds , trees and wetlands .  It is also unclear what effect the
The ancient town of Balestrino , 40 miles south east of Genoa , is shrouded in mystery .  Little is known about the origin or history of the ancient Tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century A.D. .  Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago .  A number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on
The F-35 Lightning II 's $ 400,000 helmet allows pilots to ` look through ' the air-frame , giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies .  All of the information they need to complete their mission-airspeed , altitude and warnings-are projected onto the helmet 's visor rather than the traditional ` heads-up display '  The helmet is programmed with 8 million lines of software code
PJ Spraggins , 39 , from Birmingham , Alabama , was diagnosed with Lupus in 2013 .  She was told her life-long battle would kill her if she did n't get a transplant .  PJ submitted himself for a weeks-long evaluation to assess whether he could donate his kidney .  He kept losing weight and going in for tests , only to be told he needed to lose more .
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged .  Attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front -LRB- DHKP-C -RRB- stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .  The woman was carrying a rifle , two
Dave Doggett , chairman of Cambridge United , has warned of a new breed of hooliganism .  Up to 10 men-aged in their 50s and 60s-are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games .  He said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in retirement .  He said there is a danger that they will try
Nicola Sturgeon said she would work with Ed Miliband 's left-wing backbenchers .  She also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens and Plaid Cymru .  ` I do n't think the country can afford more austerity , ' she said .  She said she could never ever support a Tory government .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The bronze sculpture of Yu The Great 's wife has been in place for ten years .  It depicts the founder of China 's first Xia Dynasty in 2070 BC .  Legend says that Yu and his wife were brought together by a nine-tailed fox .  Over the years tourists have been fondling the woman 's exposed breast .  Locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture
A carpenter from South California has created what may well be the world 's biggest see-saw .  Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula .  It measures a whopping 45ft in length , and sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft .  While there is no seat attached to the trunk , handrails have been added for support and ropes
Adam Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook 's opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13 .  The Yorkshire batsman finished with 1,489 runs -- more than anyone in the country -- six hundreds and a welter of awards .  He was one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean last
Argentina says it will mount a legal challenge -- but has ruled out another conflict .  Daniel Filmus said Britain 's decision to increase military spending was ` gunboat diplomacy '  He said : ` The United Kingdom can count on Argentina as an ally '
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role in the ECB .  Downton was sacked as ECB managing director after a dismal World Cup .  Alastair Cook scored a century during a warm-up game against St Kitts & Nevis .  Broad has backed Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean .  The England captain 's voice symbolised cricket and we 'll
Danielle Davis , 24 , refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst .  When Daisy was born , she was told she had the rare disorder Anophthalmia .  The condition is incurable and affects one in 10,000 births in the UK .  Daisy will never be able to see , but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons .  Ms Davis ,
The driver , Sam Smith , was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana .  He was filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him .  It 's an apocalyptic sight-and Mr Smith feels trapped because he ca n't make out which direction it 's moving in so does n't know how to escape .  Fortunately the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact
Deborah Roberts , 53 , forced tissue into Phyllis Hadlow 's mouth to silence her .  She also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff : ` My son said if they do it to you , you can do it '  Roberts was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity .  Mrs Hadlow , who has since died
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job following a mass exit from Anfield .  Steven Gerrard , Glen Johnson and Kolo Toure are all out of contract .  Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City .  Jordan Henderson has agreed a new # 100,000-a-week deal until 2020 .  Martin Skrtel is a target for Wolfsburg and Juventus .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Posing with St Bernards in front of the Matterhorn has been banned .  The town of Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban .  Animal welfare charity said the dogs are being kept in ` miserable conditions '  The dogs are left without food or water and are not given enough exercise .  SAP said the town 's decision showed it ` loves the animals
Princess Eugenie , 25 , was spotted at Intermix in New York on Thursday .  Wore a black bowler hat , black leather top and a miniskirt .  The British royal is a high street gal at heart , apart from the odd shopping spree .  Just click the link to buy her skirt now , and if -LRB- as we predict ! -RRB- it sells out , shop our
The Yeatman , Portugal 's first luxury wine hotel , has been open for just five years-a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar .  The five-star hotel is built into a hill , providing sweeping views of Porto and the Douro river from the indoor pool and guest rooms .  The in-house bar Dick 's Bar is the only bar in Porto
Murdered nursing student Karen Buckley died of head and neck injuries , according to death certificate .  The 24-year-old 's death certificate was signed by her parents Marion , 62 , and John , 61 .  Miss Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow 's west end earlier this month .  Her remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm , near Milngavie , East Dunbartonshire .  Alexander Pacteau ,
Carlo Ancelotti will remain in charge at the Santiago Bernabeu next season .  The former Chelsea boss has been linked with a return to the Premier League .  Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid 's match against Malaga tonight .  Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri tells his players : ` Let 's get rid of the ghosts '  Carlos Tevez 's move back to Boca Juniors edging closer
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award for March .  Mata scored both goals as Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield .  The Spain international thanked his supporters after receiving the gong .  Mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall into Vicente del Bosque 's team .  Louis van Gaal 's side host Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday .  CLICK
Yves Van De Ven , 37 , posted a picture of himself ` missing ' the top of the Eiffel Tower on photo-sharing website 4chan .  The food blogger wanted to poke fun of the typical tourist pictures .  Over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up linking his finger to the tower .  The 37-year-old said it would be hilarious to deliberately make fun of them .  He said :
Newcastle have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention .  Brendan Rodgers ` men ended their mini-slump on Wednesday evening with a 1-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay victory at Blackburn .  John Carver says his players need to relieve the pressure on their shoulders with a win against Liverpool .  Newcastle have not added to their points tally of 35 since they beat Aston Villa
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4 , 6-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Miami Open .  The British No 1 defeated the Austrian in three sets in an hour and three quarters .  Murray has a simple message for any of his fellow British tennis players who might be agitated about Murray 's arrival into the home ranks : do n't complain .  The 27-year-old Scot believes his
Robert Butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence , Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston .  The complex operation took almost seven hours on Sunday .  He weighed 1,200 lb after a decade of battling his weight which he linked to depression .
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Crystal Palace .  The right back has impressed at both left and right back this season .  The 25-year-old has played every minute of Palace 's Premier League campaign .  Ward cites Alan Pardew as a major factor in his decision to sign a new deal .
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig on points in New Jersey .  The 21-year-old is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract .
A nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion in the Siberian village of Namtsy .  She was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked .  She was reportedly taken to hospital after being savaged by the animal .  The circus is believed to have left the village abruptly after the attack .
Carwyn Scott-Howell , 7 , died after falling to his death in the French Alps .  He was on holiday with his mother and sister Antonia , 9 , and brother Gerwyn , 19 .  Family paid tribute to their ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy '  Carwyn 's death left them feeling ` utter devastation ' with a ` vast void in our hearts '  Friends say
Alison Saunders , 54 , trained at same legal firm as disgraced Labour peer Lord Janner .  Janner , 86 , was QC at 1 Garden Court Chambers from mid-1950s to 1986 .  The Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the firm from the mid-1960s to 1986 .  But a spokesperson for the CPS insisted the pair had never met .  She graduated in law from Leeds University in 1982
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' when he reported paedophile ring .  He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr , who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ` very powerful ' figures in a Westminster paedosphile gang .  Mr Kerr said he and two other boys suffered abuse at Kincora in the
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog , in the Hunter region of New South Wales , where three elderly people were found dead .  A horse was rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat .  The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people , left 215,000 homes without power and caused flash flooding .  As the light was
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United .  The 46-year-old was drinking beer and gin before flying to Aberdeen .  He grabbed the PA microphone and burst into song for fellow fans .  He then threw a hot towel at one of the stewardesses before setting off a fire alarm .  Leonard then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after setting off the alarm .
Paul Casey ` desperately ' wants to return to the Ryder Cup after leaving the European Tour to concentrate on his game .  The Englishman has returned to the world 's top 50 after leaving in January .  Casey will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership .  The 37-year-old last played in Ryder Cup competition in the 2008 defeat by USA at Valhalla .  Casey was in
Dayna Dobias , 19 , was born with cerebral palsy .  She hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry .
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters .  The Englishman was at home in Arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday .  Casey admitted he went through all sorts of agonies as his fate swung back and forth .  The 37-year-old made the last of his eight Masters appearances in 2012 .
The motoring programme 's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet .  It comes just over a week after co-presenter Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show for an ` unprovoked ' attack on a Top Gear producer .  Corporation is yet to confirm whether Hammond and May will return to
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal with Munster .  The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues .  He was part of the New Zealand Under-20 side that won the Junior World Championship in Italy in 2011 .
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat Germany 's Sabine Lisicki .  Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia Goerges in straight sets .  Russia need one win from Sunday 's three matches to reach the final .
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page .  He often pops into people 's houses and goes with them on the weekly shop .  He 'll also accompany the local children as they walk to school-perched on their shoulders .  Jack was hand-reared as a chick after being discovered with no feathers .  He has since broadened his network to
Luke Shaw says Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the dressing room .  Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Young 's peg after a bird pooed in his mouth during a match against Swansea in August .  The left back says the players still laugh at the time Young got the poo .  Shaw 's revelations come as he nears the end of his first season at
How old do I look app allows people to analyse any image found on Bing , Microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own .  Site was able to accurately guess Kim Kardashian 's age as 34 , but thought Kanye West was actually 38 .  A woman in the background of the image was deemed to be just six-years-old .  Madonna came out of the software well ,
Manchester United have agreed a pre-season tour of America .  Louis van Gaal 's side will travel to Los Angeles , Pasadena , Denver , Washington , Detroit and Miami .  United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia .  United beat Liverpool in the final to win the International Champions Cup last summer .  United have been given a provisional deadline to commit to their schedule by last
Paul Warren Smith , 61 , was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five , 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence on Saturday .  Smith is seen in the video flinging a puppy over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely they landed on their feet .  Smith , an employee of the MISD , has been
The elephant was relaxing in the Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached .  In a gesture , the African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave , but misses its target .  Incredible images were taken in the historic park , which opened in 1898 to help protect wildlife
Doctors call for under-fours to be given free vitamins after rise in rickets cases .  Dame Sally Davies said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition .  Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes bone deformities .  40 per cent of children are estimated to have vitamin D levels below recommended amount .  NHS already recommends all youngsters aged six months
Two 49-year-old women and a man , 23 , were removed from the plane .  Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers ` actions caused further delays to the Ryanair flight .  ` Alcohol-related anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated , ' said Ryanair spokesman .  The airline said it made the decision after consultations with customers and airport officials .  ` We sincerely apologised to other customers for any
A New Zealand woman discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her Big Mac burger .  Annah Sophia Stevenson , 26 , ordered a takeaway from Blenheim McDonald 's .  The cosmetic artist took to her Facebook to post the alarming discovery .  She said : ` Only thing worse than finding it , was only finding half of it -LRB- have I consumed the other part ? -RRB-
Dublin-based airline has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on flights .  Alcohol purchases from duty free shops at Glasgow Prestwick Airport are no longer allowed in the cabin .  Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight .  Ryanair refused to explain the reason behind the ban , but it follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by
The home is located within 73 acres of Daintree Rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of Far North Queensland beachfront .  It resembles an alien spaceship , with six bedroom pods placed at the end of six fingers .  The property , called ` Alkira , ' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny , features six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies and three garage spots .  It
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season .  Arsene Wenger must be swift with a move for his top goalkeeping target .  The Gunners are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move .  Chelsea will demand in excess of # 10million for the goalkeeper .
A mysterious benefactor has donated # 1.5 million to Bath Abbey .  The anonymous donor , who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named , sent the money along with a note , saying they wanted to help safeguard the church ` for the next hundred years '  The donation was accompanied by a note saying : ` This generation has a solemn duty to
Researchers at Boston University and the University of Bath studied Neanderthals .  They found they were not very adept at controlling fire and could not get as much energy from their food as modern humans who used fire .  They used computer model the amount of energy they would have been able to get .  Without fire , a group of Neandersthals would have had less energy-the equivalent 12 reindeer
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised at Augusta National .  The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music .  He shared a warm greeting with veteran Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez on Wednesday .  The 39-year-old will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up , the Par-3 Contest , for the first time in 11 years .  Australia 's Marc Leishman has
Aeman Presley , 34 , originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with ` bloodlust ' after killing Calvin Gholston , 53 , in DeKalb County , Georgia .  He killed two homeless men and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur .  Presley is set to appear in front of a judge today and district attorneys in Fulton County have said they will seek the
Luo Kun Kun was banished from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him .  The five-year-old has now been admitted to the Red Ribbon School in Linfen , China .  The school is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children .  He was diagnosed with the virus from his mother when he was five years old .  At a special meeting
Munira Khalif , 18 , Stefan Stoykov from Indiana , Victor Agbafe from North Carolina , and Harold Ekeh from New York-are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to the U.S. . from Bulgaria , Somalia or Nigeria .  They have each been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools-Brown University , Columbia University , Cornell University , Harvard University , University of Pennsylvania , Princeton University and Yale
Nick Cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ` ill treatment ' of Blanca .  Police are investigating whether her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister , Carla , were ever registered .  It is also alleged that they did not attend school .  He was questioned over claims his Filipino partner had overstayed her visa by 20 years .  Police applied for a ` care and protection
Marisa Curlen , 20 , was a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia .  She was found unresponsive in her room at the sorority house in Harrisonburg at around 7.30 am Friday .  Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death , but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play .  She became the third member of Rye High
Emma Walker , 15 , became obsessed with achieving the ` perfect body '  Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone .  The eating disorder took hold and she was admitted to hospital twice .  Emma , from Blaby , Leicestershire , is now a healthier eight stone .  Mother Kim Waddington says she wants to help other anorexic sufferers .  ` If my story can even help
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken their frustration to social media .  Photos have been posted on passenger 's Instagram page Passenger Shaming .  Include people who do n't flush the toilet and people going into the bathroom without shoes or socks .  One passenger found a plastic bag full of urine under one of the seats .
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 reveals that a Chinese translator was accused of sharing government information with an alleged Chinese spy .  Xiaoming Gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. . persons and a U.S. . government employee '  This information was given to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers .  Despite these claims , she was never prosecuted by the government
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday .  Alexis Sanchez scored twice in extra-time to earn Arsenal a place in the 2015 FA Cup Final .  Sanchez has scored 22 goals in his first season in the Premier League .  The Chile international signed for # 32million from Barcelona last summer .  Sanchez is nominated for the PFA Player of the Year .  Chelsea 's Eden
Danny Cipriani has been in superb form for Sale Sharks this season .  Steve Diamond 's side are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership .  They face London Irish , Harlequins , Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks .
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals .  The Scotsman will face defending champion Ding Junhui in the last eight .  World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 .  Masters champion Shaun Murphy beat Jamie Jones 5-3 .
Marianne Power attended Anthony Robbins ` Unleash The Power Within seminar .  Claims to ` discover how to identify what it is you really want '  Says she has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month .  Each month she chose that of Robbins , who is a self-improvement guru .  He gives motivational talks on his way to his
Fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying 105 migrants from Libya .  After which 12 men ` professing Christian faith ' were thrown to their deaths .  Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate '  They are from the Ivory Coast , Senegal , Mali and Guinea Bissau .
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand .  The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus .  The footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall , while one of the
The boy , known only as Hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up for school .  The phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs .  He did n't dare tell his parents and called the ambulance himself .  Experts believe there are three main reasons a
Researchers at the University of Illinois found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory .  The study was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention , select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task .  Students were given a diet containing 55 per
Scott Kemery , 44 , was rushed to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday .  He had rented the car in Florida and drove north to the Hamptons and discovered the car had bedbugs .
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night .  Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute .  The Spaniard did not make contact with the ball but Mason did not award a penalty .  Neville said Mason 's perfect positioning should have led him to make the correct call .
Manuel Garza Jr . received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John ` Rocky ' Riojas in February 2001 .  He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year .  The U.S. . Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case , and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution .  Before his death , he
The proposed # 30million , three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world 's most famous club knockout tournament .  The figures range from # 1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the # 1.8 million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy .  Should Arsenal repeat
Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike .  The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon .  The tornado took place at about 2 : 45 pm near Belle Glade in Palm Beach County , but did not cause any damage , the Weather Channel reported .  For Saturday , the weather channel predicted
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after release in January .  53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort .  He was apprehended in the street in Waterloo , south London , on Friday .  # 5,000 reward was offered for information on his whereabouts on BBC 's Crimewatch .
Lee Cattermole missed Sunderland 's 1-0 defeat to West Ham on March 21 .  Midfielder has missed the last two games through suspension .  The 27-year-old was unavailable for Dick Advocaat 's first game in charge of the Black Cats .  He was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle on Sunday .  Sunderland sit just a point clear of the relegation zone with eight games to
Britain 's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow .  The auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks .  After the TV cameras subside , their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over .  The biggest star to come out of the show by far is Scottish singing sensation Susa Boyle-but she did n't
Five men and one woman were detained in the departure zone of the south coast port .  Four of the men , all in their 20s , are from Birmingham , West Midlands .  A 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held .  Searches are taking place at a number of addresses in Birmingham .
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes .  Bernie Ecclestone has urged Hamilton to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari .  Hamilton is hoping to extend his 13-point lead over Sebastian Vettel in the drivers ` championship .  It is understood that a clause in Hamilton 's contract would allow the German to do so .  Hamilton suffered a lock-up in
Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband , businessman Robert Ellis , at their home in Bali last October .  His body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and was dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village .  The Balinese national , who has two sons with her late husband , was arrested along with seven
Mackenzie Moretter , of Shakopee , Minnesota , has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development , which makes it hard for her to socialize .  She told her parents she wanted a ` big-girl party ' for her tenth birthday .  This meant inviting friends , but after her parents sent invitations to Mackenzie 's classmates and heard no response , her mother Jenny
Kristen Jarvis , 34 , first joined the Obamas ` orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then Senator Obama 's office .  The Maryland native lost both parents and a brother before she was 30 .  Jarvis , who 's moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker 's chief of staff , admits she did n't share Michelle 's love of D.C. . workout
The coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford .  The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway .  Firefighters spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle .  No-one was injured and only the driver was on board at the time of the incident .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 on Thursday night .  World No 1 Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the second match .  The pair both won and lost a game apiece during the night .  The pair were playing in Week 12 of the Betway Premier League in Cardiff .  Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall .  Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian
18-year-old inmate was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago .  He was seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in .  Two officers approached the inmate and told him to go back to his cell .  The inmate then began punching one of the officers , who used a Taser .  He was eventually subdued by a group of
Eddie Howe has called on fans to inspire the Cherries to win promotion .  The Cherries face Sheffield Wednesday , Bolton and Charlton .  Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Birmingham 's home game against Watford .  Derby must improve on their away form at Huddersfield if they are to secure a play-off finish .  Wigan will be relegated for the second time in three seasons if they fail to
Captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him .  Air India says the altercation was limited to a verbal argument .
64 per cent of adults think they spend more when they shop with friends .  Many blame the urge to ` show off ' and ` succumbing to peer pressure '  Nearly two-thirds of Americans admit they would prefer to shop by themselves .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 .  Every day since then he has completed one and a quarter marathons a day .  The 35-year-old has covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months .  He is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point in Devon tomorrow .  If successful , Mr Carr will become the fastest man to ever run around
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal .  The # 16million striker picked up a ` slight knock ' in training on Friday .  Brendan Rodgers revealed the Italian did not travel with the squad .  Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday .
Gianluigi Buffon -LRB- 37 -RRB- , Giorgio Chiellini -LRB- 30 -RRB- , Stefan Lichtsteiner -LRB- 31 -RRB- , Patrice Evra -LRB- 33 -RRB- , Andrea Pirlo -LRB- 35 -RRB- , Carlos Tevez , 31 -RRB- all started the game .  Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg .  The Serie A side had an average age of 30 years and 64 days .  Inter Milan 's
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne .  She lost it at a friend 's birthday party the night before .  Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone on Bella 's Facebook page .  While waiting for Bella to collect her phone , police had posted a picture of the handset in a holding cell and
Virgil van Dijk fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute .  Leigh Griffiths seemed certain to score with a swooping header before half-time .  Josh Meekings was sent off for Inverness in the second half .  David Raven 's extra-time winner secured the win for the Hoops .  Inverness will face Falkirk in the Scottish Cup final on May 30 .  John Hughes
Freeze your cake for 24 hours straight from the oven and the sponge will be bouncier than ever .  From cakes to curries , freezing brings out more of their flavour .  Tough herbs such as rosemary and thyme preserve the best .  But ginger , lemongrass , garlic and chilli will last up to six months when frozen .  Even wrapping left-overs in clingfilm to seal out the oxygen
Haley Mulholland became suspicious after reading Kevin 's Facebook page .  The 45-year-old monitors his movements and sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume .  The mother-of-eight says she does not want any other woman to have him either .  She says : ` While we ' re not divorced , we ` ve not together . There 's no kissing , sex or anything
Police in Red Rock , Texas , are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing Viviana Keith , 27 , to the ground during an arrest on Tuesday .  Ben Johnson , who has been on the force for four years , claims that Keith was resisting him and that he was forced to take her down .  Video taken on his cash cam
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 to reach the FA Cup semi-finals .  Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game at Ewood Park .  Jordan Henderson 's partner Beccy gave birth to their second daughter , Alba .  The 25-year-old had not slept the night before the game .  Brendan Rodgers said Henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the game once the baby had arrived
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election .  West Mercia Police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983 .  It bans candidates from providing food , drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes .  Mr Norman described the allegations as ` nonsense ' , saying : ` We may have given out one or two to
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon , Arizona on February 19 .  He was able to start firing it as soon as he left the store .  This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case .  Police were even told he could not fire the loaded weapon .  But just seconds later he began firing into the air .
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday .  Jose Mourinho 's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table .  Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners this season .  The Frenchman is looking forward to his clash with Nemanja Matic .
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA 's first player of Indian descent .  The 22-year-old centre is being called up from the team 's NBA Development League affiliate , the Reno Bighorns .  He will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans .
Thiago Silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti all join Silva on the sidelines .  David Luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from thigh problem .  Laurent Blanc said that Silva 's injury is not as bad as first feared .  The Brazilian was substituted in the defeat by Barcelona in midweek .  Lyon face a tough task at
Gary Neville , Phil Neville and Paul Scholes joined Manchester Thunder netball team to promote the Superleague semi-finals .  England women 's footballers do keepy-ups with a netball in the video .  The Neville brothers are also involved in the musical side of the video .  The video also features appearances from Brooke Vincent , Hayley Tamaddon and Katy Cavanagh from Coronation Street .  The Thunder are coached by Gary
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the apartment block in Xiangtan , south China .  The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the metal slats .  Neighbours used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating .  Others supported her feet before firemen eventually arrived .
DeShane Beckford impressed on trial with West Ham 's academy .  The 17-year-old forward has been linked with a host of European clubs .  Beckford is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the Caribbean .  The Hammers have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as # 289 .
Nick Clegg was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour mansion .  But the move was vetoed by his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez .  Couple invited cameras into kitchen of # 1.5 m family home in Putney , London .  They revealed why they decided to remain in family home instead of Whitehall .  They said : ` Discussion 's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no '
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S . Truman , who left office 62 years ago .  In his first six years , Obama held just seven and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of Japan , on April 28 , and China , later in the year .  A White House state dinner is the highest
Peter Gale fired from position at Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam , Surrey .  Contract was terminated due to ` serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures .  He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after mysterious departure .  Alumnae from the school include Olympic cycling champion Joanna Rowsell .
Libyan rapper has released a new music video in which he is seen performing his music in front of dramatic scenes of civil war in Benghazi .  Called himself ` Volcano ' , the 31-year-old rapper was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front .  of missile launchers and burning buildings in conflict-ravaged city .  He is pictured holding a large assault rifle and surrounded by armed
Jordon Ibe posted a video on Instagram of him performing the moonwalk .  The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury but is expected to return soon .  Liverpool face a struggling Newcastle in their next Premier League game .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Home Secretary Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category , just as anti-Semitic crimes are recorded separately .  At present some forces , including London 's Metropolitan Police , do record the crimes as such .  Other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm .  The new requirement will create the first accurate picture
Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast .  The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau 's National Advertising Division that the ads featured a number of false claims .  The NAD report highlighted a series of inaccurate claims concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia .  It means many of his ` grey matter ' cells have not migrated to correct position .  He is also highly likely to suffer heart , lung and bowel problems .  Five-year-old defied the odds to take his first steps last year .  He has now built up from 50 metres a day to two or three miles five
Bryan Santana , 20 , of Orlando , Florida , was found guilty of murdering his roommate , Shelby Fazio , 23 , and raping her corpse in October last year .  The victim 's family said they will ` never escape ' the death of the pizza delivery driver , who has ` no glimmer of humanity '  Santana , a deranged pizza driver , was sentenced to two
Jenson Button believes McLaren now have their rivals in their sights .  McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia .  Both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit .  Button acknowledges the entire team , including Honda , ` still has a long way to go '  The 35-year-old appreciates the expected cooler air in Shanghai
New York art director Matilda Kahl has worn the same outfit every day for three years .  She bought 15 identical white silk blouses and several pairs of simple black trousers .  She also bought a custom-made leather rosette in homage to her mother , who used to love bows in her hair .  ` When at work , I want to be judged on my work and my work
Leon Osman , Phil Jagielka , Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all in attendance .  Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues ` senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex .  The training session included games of head tennis and shooting drills .  Roberto Martinez 's side have won five of their last six Premier League games .
The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa ` started applauding and cheering ' when his vessel was completely submerged , according to anti-poaching activists .  Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean .  The conservation organisation 's ships collected and delivered over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in
Susan House , 55 , was out walking her dogs at the time of the explosion .  She returned to find it looking like a bomb site , with rubble strewn across her garden and her belongings left exposed to the elements .  The explosion originated in the kitchen , prompting emergency services to believe that it was caused by a gas leak because the house is supplied by a
EndoPredict tests pinpoint genetic ` markers ' in the tumour .  After surgery , the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened .  Women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning .  For some women , the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good
Apryl Foster , 33 , was last seen leaving a bar alone in Ybor City , Florida , on February 12 after a night of partying .  She was found dead in her sunken car in a Tampa-area lake on February 22 .  Foster 's blood alcohol level was 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , and detected the presence of THC , a component
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future .  The 31-year-old has said he wanted to end his career at his boyhood club .  Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici said he was ` close to bringing Carlos home '  Tevez scored a crucial goal in Boca 's 2-0 win over River Plate in 2004 .
Long-running motoring show took up first , second , third and fifth spots in top five .  Viewing figures come a week after Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon .  Service received 299million requests for streaming or downloading television and radio programmes .  Figures for March are expected to see a sharp decline , since only two episodes of Top Gear were shown before Clarkson
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Brazil 's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life .  Drug users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night .  Some of whom once held jobs , had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence-all lost to their addictions .  One of those willing to open up
Rilie Carey , from Salem , Oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool .  She was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it .  She starts by singing : ` Four little ducks went out to play , over the hills and far away '  But as the rhyme continues-and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases-her eyes begin to fill with tears
Three weeks ago Jackson Byrnes was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .  Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo was the only surgeon in Australia who was willing to perform the risky operation .  Jackson 's mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page to help
Madison Small , from Ashburn , Virginia , left school early on Monday and , after waking in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital .  On Friday , the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis .  The bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell .  It is the school system 's first confirmed case in two
Chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in Somerset .  He was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built .  Onlookers could not help noticing the uncanny resemblance to the Henry the Hoover .  Mr Osborne was shown round the factory by worker Inga Ciplyte , 29 , from Exeter .  He was promoting the Government 's plan to create thousands of new apprenticeships
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 after his car was found abandoned .  The 21-year-old 's body was found by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday .  He is the son of senior ESPN writer Ivan Maisel .  In a eulogy , he said : ` Death cannot take away the love we continue to have for our son and the love that our
Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between Nicola Sturgeon and the French ambassador Sylvie Bermann .  The memo was written by a British civil servant following a conversation with a consul-general Pierre-Alain Coffinier .  He said she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10 .  She also suggested that Ed Miliband was
Jose Mourinho says he has no idea where Jurgen Klopp will end up .  The German has been tipped to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Manchester City have already indicated he is not in the Premier League .  Stoke boss Mark Hughes forecast that the 47-year-old 's pedigree in European competition would work in his favour for clubs looking to compete on the biggest stage
Couple insistent that they are not planning more children .  Mrs Cameron revealed her doctor has told her : ` No way , Jose '  She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign , and gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early .  On Friday Mr Cameron celebrated his emergence from the TV leaders ` debate unscathed with a visit to promote help for
Sandy Dee Hall , 34 , and his girlfriend Maxine Cher , 24 , adopted Smokey Da Lamb .  He was born at Violet Hill in upstate New York but was abandoned by his mother .  He was smuggled into Sandy 's Lower East Side apartment and given round-the-clock care .  City officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm .  The lamb has
Eye-popping portrait of Scotland 's First Minister , Nicola Sturgeon , allegedly hangs in her home .  Entitled ` Naughty Nicola ' , it depicts her as a dominatrix in short red dress , black suspenders and whip in hand .  Instead of being offended , she is ` tickled ' by the image , so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home
Temperatures hit 20.7 C in Aboyne , Aberdeenshire on Sunday and 19.5 C -LRB- 67F -RRB- in Astwood Bank , Worcestershire .  Forecasters say a band of high pressure will keep conditions settled until late on Friday , when April showers could return .  It comes after the washout weather of last week gave way to a spectacular Easter weekend .  It is set to be the hottest this year
The Maison Souquet is the most provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights .  Located in the once tawdy Pigalle district , the 20-room hotel describes itself as a ` temple to hedonism '
Nutritionist Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body .  Symptoms associated with vitamin or mineral deficiencies can also be a warning sign of the deeper , long-term effects of chronic stress .  In an extract from her new book , The De-Stress Effect : Rebalance Your Body 's Systems for Vibrant Health and Happiness , she reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat to
The images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols .  It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased .  The statement stems from a collection of Islamic teachings known as the hadith , which many Muslims reject .
An ESPN . com survey of 103 tour professionals anonymously .  Watson got double the number of responses of second-place finisher Patrick Reed .  Watson admitted he had been involved in ` some mess ups ' on Tour but said he did not dislike any of his peers .
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces .  In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby .  Researchers used tiny microphones to record the sounds inside rabbits ` ears as
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway play Finding Neverland in New York City on Wednesday .  The happy couple were joined by stars including Helen Mirren , Bryan Cranston , Ansel Elgort , Darren Criss , Olivia Wilde and Christoph Waltz .  The play is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz .  It has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metre -RRB- tall .  It clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment .  A child , up to a height of 3.2 ft , 1 metres -RRB- , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position .  The child
Benito Gonzalez Jr . , 46 , pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a Starbucks in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , in May 2014 .  He was suspended from duty after allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table .  A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran 's arrest
Prince Harry took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans .  30-year-old flew in formation with two Spitfires from Goodwood to the Isle of Wight .  The brief journey included a ` half Cuban ' manoeuvre -- a semi loop in mid-air .  Harry said : ` I 'd love to see what my face looked like doing that '  Flight was staged to support the Royal Foundation
Liana Barrientos , 39 , of the Bronx , pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument , involving marriage licences .  She is accused of marrying 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ` services '  She allegedly used an emergency exit at a Bronx subway station on Friday instead of paying for a metro card .  She was
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium -LRB- Saturday 12.45 pm -RRB- .  Veteran full-back Angel Rangel is in line for his first Swansea start .  Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for the Toffees with a hamstring injury .  Aiden McGeady and Darron Gibson are definitely absent for the visitors .  Everton have won 13 and lost none of their 19 league games against Swansea .  Swansea have won
Paul Bramley , 28 , died when Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit .  Anneli Tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame co-pilot who crashed jet .  She said : ` I cannot hate or blame someone for being sick . Instead of blaming sick people , we should focus on changing the system that enables such people to be in positions of power '  She had
Lewis Hamilton took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix .  The two-time Formula One world champion enjoyed a break in LA .  The 23-year-old is the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship .
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia within ten days .  The 24-year-old was fined # 23.50 for an alleged visa violation .  But Russian media have branded her ` Agent Sumner ' and linked her to a revolutionary plot .  Ms Sumner was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her PhD .  She appeared in court along with an interpreter and was ordered
What is the point of Formula One ?  Shivnarine Chanderpaul is a throwback to when Test cricket was true to its roots .  Steve Davis failed in his bid to qualify for the World Championships at the age of 57 .  Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have been at loggerheads this season .  Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville 's analysis is often a better watch than the football
Mohonk Mountain House is a faux-gothic Victorian castle in the heart of the Hudson Valley in New York State 's Hudson Valley .  The hotel began life as a ten-room drinking inn .  Two Quaker twins , Albert and Alfred Smiley , bought it to use as a teetotal retreat for the great and good .  It was full from their first season , has played host to five US
Deputy Prime Minister said ` very real danger ' that Ukip and DUP could hold Mr Cameron to ` ransom ' in the event of a second hung Parliament .  Mr Clegg 's remarks come after Mr Farage said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government .  Lib Dem leader called on Tories to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in
Terri Hernandez has revealed the unlikely bond she developed with Ursula Lloyd during her son 's murder trial .  Hernandez says she grew close to Lloyd over the trial , even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction .  The interview comes just days after her son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole after he was convicted of
Vandals caught on camera kicking off wing mirrors and damaging windscreens .  Owner of La Marina Auto Sales in Dearborn Heights , Michigan , now offering $ 1,000 reward .
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser costs # 6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies .  It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients .  Dermatologistsis developed it for people with highly sensitive skin .  It is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers .
Alan Pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at both Newcastle and Crystal Palace .  The 53-year-old 's side beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night .  That would be his ninth win in South London since leaving his role at Newcastle in December .  ` Team Pardews ' combined his records at both clubs would see him sit in eighth
The couple , who have not been named , were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in South West Houston .  Her husband admitted to police that he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped , and he ran her over .  Police questioned the man extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges
Millie Elia , an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain , Alabama , died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40 pm on Saturday .  The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell .  The park refused to release any further details when contacted by DailyMail . com on Monday .
Two-bedroom home in Islington , north London , sold for # 750,000 .  It has two bedrooms , a study , reception room , cloakroom , kitchen and a garden .  At its widest , it stretches across 8ft 8in and has what boat owners would call a ` galley kitchen '  Buyer will have to pay # 27,000 in stamp duty-the same as a second-hand narrow boat which is
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2 .  There were no apologies from the American boxer for claiming to be greater than Muhammad Ali .  There was sympathy for Freddie Roach in his battle with Parkinson 's disease .  There were soft-spoken words of thanks for we 200 hacks on the conference call for helping sell the half-billion-dollar richest fight of all time .
Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers .  Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 .  Of those , 470 dogs died .  Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning , followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate .
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United 's Memphis Depay .  PSV value the Holland international at # 25million and rejected a # 14million bid from Tottenham for him last summer .  PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the 21-year-old .  PSV boss Phillip Cocu believes the Holland youngster could become as good as Dutch star Arjen Robben .  PSV won their first Eredivisie title
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ` flamers '  She teaches the children to follow ICE : Ignore , Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies .  ` When dealing with a ' flamer ` or troll , all you want to do is respond to justify yourself , ' she says .  She advises those experiencing this
Pupil Xiao Gao , 11 , has not spoken a word in five days after drinking water .  The water had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank .  Medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk .  They say combination of water , perfume and dust should not have caused damage .  The girl who gave him the water
Mary Kay Letourneau , 53 , and Vili Fualaau , 31 , met when he was 12 years old .  She was his sixth grade teacher when they began a sexual relationship .  By the end of the summer , she had fallen pregnant with the boy 's child .  She was sentenced to six months in jail and was ordered to have no contact with him .  But weeks
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand 's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat .  During ` The Lion Encountrter ' , spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal , sitting inside their lair to see every whisker , tooth and hair-close enough for a cuddle
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked '  She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse .  A study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter .
Aston Villa have priortised Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo .  The 22-year-old was player of the tournament during Australia 's Asian Cup in January .  The midfielder has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season .  The Sydney-born star joined Tottenham in January 2011 after impressing on trial from Australian semi-professional outfit APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC .  He has made 36 appearances for the Robins this season-scoring
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday .  Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for the Gunners .  Ben Mee made a superb block to deny Aaron Ramsey a second .  Mesut Ozil was sent off in the first half for a blatant block on Ramsey .  Laurent Koscielny restricted Danny Ings to just one chance .  David Ospina had to make decent saves to deny Vokes and Trippier
Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .  The Australian airline could also be fined # 20,000 for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .
Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out .  Also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack .  Ninety-one per cent of Britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep .  When we ` re not properly rested , our brainpower , digestion , reflexes and much more suffers .  The
Paul Tudor Jones II , the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation , bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week .  The seven-bedroom , 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access , as well as a tennis court , movie theater and swimming pool .  Jones , 60 , warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a
Michelle Heale , 46 , of Tom 's River , New Jersey , has been found guilty of killing Mason Hess .  She was babysitting the 14-month-old when he began choking on his applesauce .  But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards .  He was airlifted to hospital and died three days later from brain , spine and retinal damage .  Heale was convicted of
Charlene Bishop , who is 17 months old , went to feed her pony Taffee .  She was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate as normal .  Her mother found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from head injuries .  The left side of the pony 's skull was completely caved in , her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete
Tiger Woods played in the annual Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004 .  His girlfriend Lindsey Vonn was at his side , with his children cadding for him .  Vonn completed the family portrait with her flowing green dress matching Tiger 's shirt .  Woods ` daughter , Sam , and son , Charlie , each wore green ballcaps and white caddie jumpsuits .
Tiger Woods met up with former NBA star Yao Ming at Nike 's headquarters in Shanghai .  The former Houston Rockets centre towered over Woods as he got to grips with his swing .  Woods has confirmed he will return to the PGA Tour at TPC Sawgrass on May 7 .  The 39-year-old will allay fears over a wrist injury picked up at Augusta .
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup third round on May 30 .  Alexis Sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through Adam Federici 's legs .  Reading 's Garath McCleary equalised for Reading with a deflected shot .  Yaku Toure 's header was deflected past goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny .  Substitute Jamie Mackie -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- was the focal point of the Royals ` attack .  CLICK HERE for all
Retailers are struggling to meet demand and prices are rising .  Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets .  Buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if Manny wins the megafight with Floyd Mayweather .  Prices of boxer-autographed boxing gloves-the best-selling item , have also risen at least 50 per cent
Juan Cuadrado joined Chelsea for # 23m from Fiorentina in January .  The Colombian winger has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge .  Wilfried Bony has scored just one goal for Manchester City this season .  Mauro Zarate failed to make an impression at Loftus Road during his loan at QPR .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Wally the wallaby was thrown from his mother 's pouch when he was hit by a car .  He has been living with the Wills family in South Australia for nine months .  The joey is known as ` Crash ' and even attends most of the family 's social events .  While kangaroos are known to grow as big as 1.8 metres tall , Crash is small .  Suzie
Manchester City are nine points clear at the top of the Premier League .  Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the title .  City won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late runs .  Hart won his 50th cap last week and was immensely proud of his achievement .  The 27-year-old has been dropped by Manuel Pellegrini this season .  Hart says he is `
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich .  The French winger says the Dutchman is a ` bad man ' who loses players ` trust .  Van Gaal took charge of the Bavarians in 2009 but only lasted two years .
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold .  She mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter 's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm .  She immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message .  She sent a further message explaining the insult was a ` joke within our family '  She filed a unfair
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope .  They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays .  A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres .  The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .  Radboud University researcher Dr Pim Schellart said : ` We could even determine the strength of the electric field at a certain
Travelling by private jet is a growing trend , with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the US in 2013 .  Salzburg Airport handles 1.6 million passengers in 2012 .  It charges # 2,530 to land a 767-400 jet on its runways .  For the Monaco Grand Prix in May , the trip is a more affordable # 8,835 -LRB- $ 13,253 -RRB- from London to Cannes .  Private jet
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School have developed a device that clips onto a smartphone .  It uses tiny microbeads that bind to cancerous cells .  When added to a tissue or blood sample , these beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample .  They produce distinctive diffraction patterns in the image if clumped together .  The beads can then be sent to
Ed Miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if Labour wins election .  He will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a ` time of scarcity '  Labour 's manifesto contains a commitment to a ` Budget Responsibility Lock '  It will accuse Tories of ` throwing spending promises around with no idea of where the money is coming from '  Policies in the
Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam 's flailing arm .  The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose .  The 27-year-old posted a picture to his Instagram account with the caption : ` Italy with Dr Paco '
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5,2009 .  He killed 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen , Texas .  Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ` workplace violence '  But it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism .  Earlier this year , it was ruled that victims will be honored with Purple Hearts .  Victims will
Carlos Colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault , battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body .  The head of victim Jonathan Camilien , 26 , of Somerville , Massachusetts , was found in a recycling bin in Colina 's apartment building across the street .  Colina had wounds on his face and neck and
Alan Rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of Fred Hatch , 76 , with a claw hammer .  Mr Hatch 's wife Enid found Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband .  Rogers then called police and told them : ` I have just killed one of my neighbours and I have hit his head with a hammer '  Rogers told police he had a moral duty
England drawn with Republic of Ireland , Holland and Italy in Group D .  The tournament will take place in Bulgaria between May 6 and 22 .  John Peacock 's Young Lions are the defending European champions .  Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece , Russia and France .
Remington ` Remi ' Walden , four , was killed three years ago when his family 's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended .  The fuel tank leaked , engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old .  Jurors in Decatur County , Georgia ruled on Thursday that Chrysler was 99 per cent at fault for the crash and the pickup driver was 1 % at fault
Thiago Alcantara opened the scoring for Bayern Munich on 14 minutes .  Jerome Boateng doubled Bayern Munich 's advantage at the Allianz Arena on 27 minutes .  Robert Lewandowski made it a hat-trick of Bayern headers with 27 minutes to go .  Thomas Muller scored to give Bayern an incredible 4-0 lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining .  Pep Guardiola 's side are now in the
Laura Scurr , 15 , from Whitley Bay , developed anorexia two years ago .  She was so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed , lying to her mum about eating and sometimes surviving on just a piece of fruit a day .  She collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care .  She was left on
Hull City are keen on signing Leeds United midfielder Alex Mowatt .  The 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals .  Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad for the summer .
Ian Gibson , 60 , had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago .  He is suing his employer after colleague nicknamed him ` Hoppy '  Mr Gibson worked at H and G Contracting Services Ltd at Heathrow Airport .  His job involved kneeling down , removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes .  Claims bosses failed to make his job
A team led by Imperial College London has applied to patent the therapy .  They discovered a protein which helps boost the body 's immune system ten-fold .  The protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells .  They have the ability to detect cancerous cells , hunt them down , and destroy them .  In a chance discovery in mice , it was found that a previously
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb , Georgia , a student at Middle Tennessee State University , was taken in Tuesday night .  Police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a 19-year-old woman in Panama City , Florida .  Delonte Martistee , 22 , and Ryan Calhoun , 23 , of Mobile , Alabama , were charged with sexual battery for the March attack .  The
` Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison , and yet they continue to face horrific injustices , ' according to a joint statement the musicians released Tuesday .  Last week , the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate 's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .
Ukip leader reveals childhood of ` youthful excess ' in Deal , Kent .  Describes his love of skinny-dipping in the English Channel as a boy .  Admits being in the European Parliament was an extension of being in school and questioning authority `  Reveals he plans to go on and on as leader of the party until 2030 .  Says he was ` very emotional ' when he was
Keri Davies said keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes .  Veteran scriptwriter said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing .  He added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees .  He said : ` There will be a sound engineer in a Led Zeppelin T-shirt rattling the duvet ! '
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Dani Alves 's Barcelona contract expires in the summer .  Manchester United and Liverpool are among clubs keeping tabs on the Brazil international .  Alves has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp all season .
Cate McGregor was introduced on ABC 's Australian Story by Prime Minister Tony Abbott .  Ms McGregor , now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force , spent 40 years in the Army , most of them under the name Malcolm .  In 2012 , after years of drowning agonising pain with alcohol and drugs , McGregor stopped ` functioning ' as a man and chose to live as
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final .  Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid 's Daniel Carvajal .  The Croatian striker had his face cut after a clash with Sergio Ramos .  Paul Scholes has criticised the striker for ` making a meal of a few things '  The former Manchester United midfielder said he was ` over-reacting ' to
Kevin Pietersen was pictured leaving The Oval for the first time since resigning for Surrey .  The 34-year-old tweeted a picture of the pitch with the caption : ` In the office today . # Oval '  Pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 .
Leza Davies , 33 , thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy .  She saved up # 4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look .  In April 2012 , she knocked her right breast on a door frame .  She was told her cancer treatment would leave her infertile .  But she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing
Love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners .  Canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine .  The wedding was organised by a new social media app called Smack Talk .  Among the guests were Chinese Olympic gymnast and gold medallist Teng Haibin .
Cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner at Loftus Road .  Chelsea moved another step closer to winning the Premier League title .  Jose Mourinho 's side were beaten 2-1 by Queens Park Rangers .  Thibaut Courtois denied Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips .  Joey Barton made life difficult for Chelsea 's midfield .  Matt Phillips came close to scoring for QPR but his shot was brilliantly saved by Courtois
James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire for the bulk of this summer .  The all-rounder will replace compatriot Peter Siddle at Lancashire .  He will replace Siddle , who will play in the LV = County Championship matches .
Victoria Ayling , 55 , is running for the key seat of Great Grimsby .  She made the comments after being confronted by her local party .  She said it was because she had spent ` five months nursing her son back to health '  Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd , leader of Ukip 's North East Lincolnshire group , launched an investigation .  He has raised questions about whether she
Odd-on favourite Tryster won the Coral Easter Classic at Lingfield .  The four-year-old beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer Charlie Appleby .  Tryster had earlier been successful with Pretend in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes and Four Seasons in the Three-Year-old Mile Championship .
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri .  Manuel Pellegrini is under scrutiny following Sunday 's 4-2 defeat by Manchester United .  The Premier League champions are also open to letting James Milner and Aleksandar Kolarov leave the Etihad Stadium .  City fear captain Vincent Kompany will miss a few weeks of the run-in with a thigh injury .
Alex Hales is hoping for a ` proper crack ' at one-day international cricket .  The big-hitting batsman has nine England caps since his debut against India last August .  Hales has played in only five of England 's subsequent 18 matches .  The 26-year-old has batted instead at number three on three occasions .  Hales takes issue with theory that he has been ` worked out ' already at
Teenager from Mossley , Greater Manchester , wanted to obtain abrin online .  He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit .  The dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods .  During online chats , the teenager showed awareness of the drug 's toxicity and the potential for it to be used to cause considerable harm , police
Vonda Thedford , 55 , was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground .  She was disturbed to see it had ` a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail '  Desperate to unravel the mystery , Thedford revisited the dead animal .  As the
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 .  The Manchester United loanee has scored six goals in eight starts for the Spanish giants .  Hernandez is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Barcelona 's Lionel Messi .  The 26-year-old has impressed in the absence of regular striker Karim Benzema .  Real Madrid are looking
Giuliana Rancic , 40 , was seen leaving the Trump Tower in New York City on Monday , just a day before the release of her new memoir Going Off Script .  In it she details her tumultuous relationship with her ex-boyfriend Jerry O ` Connell , who she met in San Diego in 2003 .  The romance turned sour when she discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with
Michael Rogan , 42 , died early on Friday after the accident .  His wife , Niki , and their seven children suffered minor injuries .  Rogan was rushing his wife to hospital for the birth of their eighth child .  Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact .  She gave birth a few hours later to a son , Blaise .
Toby Huntington-Whiteley , 25 , stars in new summer ad for Jacamo .  The personal trainer is joined by Freddie Flintoff , 37 .  The pair model the latest collection of clothing for the brand .  The campaign was filmed in Palma , Majorca .
Audrey Nethery , from Kentucky , has Diamond Blackfan Anemia -LRB- DBA -RRB- , a life-threatening bone marrow condition that affects her body 's ability to circulate oxygen .  Since she is unable to produce enough red blood cells , her parents have faced a host of health issues in her short life .  The six-year-old 's parents are posting videos of her dancing at her Zumba class to raise
The Philippines has released new photographs of Chinese construction work in disputed waters in the South China Sea .  Images show intense Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint South China sea .  Comes as it launched giant war games with the United States involving 11,500 personnel that were partly aimed at warning China .  President Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian
Fans can fly from Glasgow to London for # 25,000 -LRB- or $ 41,500 -RRB- .  The meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator .  Pacino 's three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland starts on May 19 .  Two hardcore fans will then fly with the actor on his entourage .
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods on April 7 .  The Italian and a 31-year-old woman also held at the scene were released .  The defender is now with League One strugglers Leyton Orient .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Elijah McKenna , who is hearing-impaired , was mauled by three rottweilers near his grandmother 's home in Moore , Oklahoma , Saturday .  He suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body .  His 9-year-old sister Alyssa McKenna , 9 , saved her brother 's life .  ` I was terrified
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack .  The biggest reason England have not won away from home since 2012 is that they are lacking something different in their attack .  Leg-spinner Adil Rashid could offer what is needed but by all accounts he has n't been bowling well enough to warrant selection .  Moeen Ali is a good spinner for England ,
Wilfried Zaha signed for Manchester United from Crystal Palace in January 2013 .  The winger was loaned back to Crystal Palace for the rest of the season .  The 22-year-old has rediscovered his form at Crystal Palace this season .  Louis Van Gaal said he was n't part of his plans after the Capital One Cup snub .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
North Sentinel Island , located in the Bay of Bengal , is about the size of Manhattan .  Untouched by modern civilisation , very little is known about the Sentinelese people , their language , their rituals and the island they call home .  It is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders , meaning they are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on
A host of international footballers celebrated St George 's Day .  Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self reminiscing on the day .  Gary Cahill posted a ` Proud to be English ' video in association with England Rugby .  Nathaniel Clyne , Charlie Austin and Peter Crouch all posted messages of celebration .
The app , called Eaze , has been dubbed ` Uber for weed ' and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver .  The Californian start-up , which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg , has just raised $ 10 million -LRB- # 6.7 million -RRB- so that users can ` find the perfect medicine ' in more states
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will also have to leave her house .  Neighbours have left notes on her front door saying ` keep your devil dog away '  Winston 's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood .  Residents living on
Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool .  Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new # 100,000-a-week deal .  Former Manchester United midfielder says Sterling does not score enough goals .  Scholes hails Sterling as a good player but says he does n't score enough .  The England international says he wants to win trophies in his career .  Some members of the club
Michael Phelps was banned from swimming in September for drink-driving .  He was caught travelling at 84mph in a 45mph zone in Baltimore .  Phelps will return to the pool in Arizona next week .  The 29-year-old will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa , Arizona .
Marathon rider Ruslan Bazorov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg .  He was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season in St Petersberg .  The HGV flew past the cyclist on the outskirts of the city .  The truck 's driver pulled over and blamed Bazarov for causing the accident .  The video has prompted members of Russia 's cycling community to
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park , west of Sydney , shortly after 11am on Thursday .  Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition .  Police say the shelving in the shipping container moved and trapped the men .  Police and WorkCover NSW are investigating the incident .
Didier Drogba and his team-mates complete a six-man ` bin challenge ' on the dinner table .  Branislav Ivanovic , Eden Hazard , Thibaut Courtois , John Obi Mikel , Loic Remy , John Terry and John Terry complete the trick .  Jose Mourinho hit back at claims his side were boring this week .  The Blues are preparing for Wednesday night 's game at St George 's Park .
Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant .  He believes it will boost his self-esteem and happiness .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .  She paid # 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big .  Emma Tallon , 27 , said : `
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed .  The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney 's north-west .  The car spun out of control and smashed through a colourbond fence before landing in the pool .  The men told police the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are appealing for the driver to come forward .
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the 26-year-old teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday .  Hundreds of hot-air balloons were released in the town of Canowindra in the central west region of NSW on Sunday morning .  Hundreds gathered to mourn the tragic death of the bride-to-be .  School cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , was charged after police allegedly found a burned body in
Eight San Francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended .  Chief Greg Suhr called the texts ` despicable ' and said those who sent them ` clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer '  The offensive texts were uncovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger , who was sentenced to 41 months in prison last month
Paris Saint-Germain are weighing up a # 15million move for Andriy Yarmolenko .  The Ukraine winger has been watched by Liverpool in recent seasons .  Manchester United have refused to budge on Argentinian forward Angel di Maria .
Nigel Farage faced claims of a ` cover-up ' for censoring poll last night .  Poll suggests he is on course for humiliating personal defeat in General Election .  If poll is accurate , it could end Farage 's political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet .  ComRes poll was commissioned last month by multimillionaire businessman and former Tory
Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring Raheem Sterling .  The Liverpool winger is at loggerheads with Anfield hierarchy over a new deal .  Sterling has rejected an offer of # 100,000 a week to extend his stay at Anfield .  He has attracted interest from Manchester City and Chelsea .  Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has admitted Liverpool will have trouble attracting top players without Champions League football .
Charlene Jeffs , 58 , has filed for divorce from her husband , Lyle Jeffs .  She has 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years .  Mrs Jeffs claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014 .  She is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her .  She says the church has ` become even more disturbing than it
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13,2014 .  The 36-year-old landlord claimed he was sleepwalking and was not drunk .  He was found guilty of drink-driving and found to stop after an accident .  Boase , who has two previous convictions , has vowed to never drink again .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit .  But it has not been working for two years .  Every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands in March 2013 .  Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Rafa Benitez 's Napoli will play Dnipro in the Europa League semi-final .  Fiorentina will play holders Sevilla over two legs .  The other tie sees Napoli play Dnepro Dnibropetrovsk for a place in the Warsaw final .  The semi-finals will be played on May 7 and 14 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Europa League news .
Daniel Ricciardo has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics .  The Australian driver finished third quickest in practice for this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix .  Red Bull are second best to Mercedes last season after a run of four successive championship triumphs .  The Australian is four tenths of a second adrift of Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen .  The Briton is bidding to become the
Lucas Hinch , who runs an organic herb and tea shop in Colorado Springs , was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a ` shots fired ' call early on Monday .  ` He took the computer into the back alley and fired eight .  shots into the computer with a handgun , effectively disabling it , ` police said .  Hinch said he
Lisa and James Tuttle moved to Geldeston , Norfolk , in 2005 .  They thought their big house would be a peaceful and idyllic family home .  But their happiness was shattered when their dogs Marley and Lily were shot .  They were accused of slaughtering a farmer 's birds after escaping from Lisa 's garden .  Lisa said she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm
Arsene Wenger pulled out of a deal to sign Eden Hazard from Lille in 2012 .  Hazard 's agent discussed the move with Wenger in the Arsenal manager 's house .  Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for # 32million in 2012 .  Hazard has scored 18 and assisted 10 goals in 43 starts for Chelsea .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Janet Faal , 57 , was out with a friend in Crawley , West Sussex , as part of rehabilitation .  She moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down .  Grandmother-of-four now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg .  She was left in a ` splits ' position as only one of her legs went down the hole .  Miss Faal reckons she
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England after a top-order collapse .  Joe Root and Ben Stokes put on 177 for the fourth wicket after England 's top order collapsed .  Alastair Cook 's side were bowled out for 25 at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium .  West Indies bowlers Jerome Taylor , Kemar Roach and Jason Holder all bowled with discipline .  The last time England
NYPD officers shot dead a man as he fled from the scene of a crime Wednesday night .  The suspect , 30 , was taken to a local hospital where he later died .  A witness said they saw an officer running with their weapon drawn ` telling everyone to get out of the way '
Lake Teller in Boulder , Colorado , has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish .  Wildlife officials say the animals started as someone dumped ` four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago .  They are now threatening to over-run the natural species by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases .  In November 2012 , over 2,000 koi goldfish
Fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade killed 56 and injured 265 in May 1985 .  Martin Fletcher , a survivor of the blaze , spent 15 years researching the disaster .  He was 12 at the time and has published his findings in a new book .  ` Fifty-Six -- The Story of the Bradford Fire ' was serialised in The Guardian .  It was the worst stadium fire
Jessica Silva 's ex-partner , James Polkinghorne , stabbed him five times in the shoulder , chest and back on Mothers Day in 2012 .  Ms Silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said , ` Mum , the psycho is coming '  During a candid interview with 60 Minutes , Ms Silva has outlined the terrifying incident and has
Stephen Taylor , 54 , left Lee-on-Solent at 11.30 am yesterday in his kayak .  He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller , 49 , throughout the day .  When he failed to return home late in the evening his partner alerted police .  Coastguard helicopter , rescue teams and lifeboats launched to search off Hill Head .  It is believed there may have been a sighting of
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade .  Consumers are taking to the shops as they cash in on the falling prices of supermarket staples and clothes .  Milk , bread , eggs , cheese and roasting chickens have seen the biggest fall in price in the last 12 months .  Petrol prices reached 99p a litre earlier this year-the first time prices had reached such
Keanu Reeves visited Red Bull 's headquarters in Milton Keynes .  The 50-year-old also checked out pit stops at the factory with Sky Sports F1 .  Reeves has starred in blockbusters such as the Matrix trilogy .
District Judge Nigel Cadbury said Karen Buckley had ` put herself in a vulnerable position '  Said 24-year-old had been drinking heavily on the night of her death .  Said : ` It 's very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very , very vulnerable positions '  Remarks came after Karen Buckley 's remains were found dumped in a field .  Miss Buckley , who was studying occupational
Rio Ferdinand signed for Queens Park Rangers from Manchester United last summer .  The 36-year-old has played just five times since the start of October .  Ferdinand has been suspended , benched or out of the squad altogether .  Harry Redknapp described Ferdinand 's arrival at Loftus Road as a ` remarkable coup '  Ferdinand has won six Premier League titles , the FA Cup and the Champions League .
Police have launched an investigation into claims of sexual abuse at children 's homes .  Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall near Mansfield .  The inquiry will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire .  Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre .
LA Galaxy beat Seattle Sounders 2-1 in their first game of the season .  Alan Gordon scored the only goal of the game in the first half .  Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their side through injury .  Gordon 's strike proved enough despite the Sounders having plenty of chances to equalise .  Lamar Neagle had a third chance on the stroke of half-time but
At 42 , Robin Rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed-for child .  The pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband Scott was n't taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy .  Her response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months .  She 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year
A South African tech company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose .  Ozzie the goose broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint .  Animal lover 's appeal for help led to BunnyCorp stepping in to manufacture him a brand new leg .  Mr Van Der Walt said : ` He was lucky as animal lover Sue Burger got hold of him and started
The boy , whose name has not been released , jumped to his death from a window at Grant Elementary School in Dumont , New Jersey last month .  An aide overheard him saying to another student : ` Do you want me to do something drastic ? '  She saw him crying in a corner and writing a note , which he passed to his opponent but told him
Families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen Australians who are reported missing .  The natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 Australians are confirmed safe .  The family of 20-year-old Perth volunteer Ballantyne Forder led a tireless campaign to find her .  Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger
Robert Durst , 71 , was arrested last month for the 2000 murder of his friend , writer Susan Berman , in Los Angeles .  He was heir to a vast real estate empire before becoming estranged from his family .  In sloppy handwritten text , Durst said he ` hated LA traffic , which makes Houston look like a small town '  He also said that his interests were
Hilary Mantel 's Bring Up the Bodies has been renamed ` Wolf Hall II '  The bestselling author has been reworking Mike Poulton 's stage version .  She has also cut ` a lot of repetition ' to create a tighter , better play .  The story of the rise and fall of Thomas Cromwell was never a simple read .  Mantel once pledged not to dumb down her work
Becky Schoenig of St . Louis , Missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night .  On April 1 , she was shocked to learn that police had found her car and returned it to her with a few minor changes .  As the car pulled up , she noticed that the rims had been spray painted red ,
The world 's third largest cruise liner , The Anthem of the Seas , has 16 decks and a capacity for nearly 5,000 passengers and 1,180 crew members .  The ship 's , which are both owned by Royal Caribbean , will be based at Southampton Docks this summer and will sail around Europe .  After the summer , the ship will move to New York Harbour , where it
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima .  The barn swallow , for example , dropped from hundreds to dozens .  This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall .  And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .  Dr Tim Mousseau and his team made the findings using thermoluminescent detectors .  One of the most hard-hit species was
Poverty-stricken grandmothers are growing swazi gold in Swaziland , South Africa .  The potent strain of the plant is now being smuggled out of the country by drug mules .  Nyope is a highly addictive substance that causes long-term mental problems .  It is mixed with heroin to make a cocktail known as nyope .  The addicts , many starting out as young as 14 , smoke an average of
Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies of her colouring-in book , Secret Garden .  The arty fad is said to have started in France , where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity .  Adult colouring in titles are now said to be outselling cook books in the country , no mean feat for a destination that
Britain 's biggest grocer operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses .  Four have been sold and the final one , a Hawker 800 , will be gone by the end of next month .  Tesco managed to sell its seven-year-old , Gulfstream 550 , worth around # 30million new .  It was capable of flying 14 executives at a time and was kitted out with DVD
Sharon and Nick Chalwell turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor .  The couple have been trying for over seven years to conceive .  They first tried artificial insemination , then turned to IVF in 2009 .  The couple felt as though they were coming to the end of the road .  A call-out on their local radio station put them in touch with Shannon Mann , who they
Manchester United beat Fulham 4-1 in the Under-21 Premier League on Tuesday .  Robin van Persie opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal 's side at Craven Cottage .  Joe Rothwell followed up Van Persie 's opener with two goals of his own to extend United 's lead to four points .  Substitutes Adnan Januzaj , Tyler Blackett , Anders Lindegaard and Andreas Pereira also on the scoresheet .  The
Yvonne Camargo of Victorville , California , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged .  The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz saw the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store '
Teana Walsh , an assistant prosecutor in Detroit , wrote an unhinged post on Facebook .  She said : ` Solution . Simple . Shoot ' em . Period . End of discussion `  At least 15 people voiced their approval by ` liking ' the comment .  Walsh later deleted the post after seeing the riots on TV .
Steve Ells , the company 's co-CEO and founder , discussed the new development with CNN Money .  ` It 's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients , ' he said in the interview .  The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain .  Rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with GMOs -- with
Around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today 's Pyongyang marathon .  The event only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 .  There were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners .  Last year Will Marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos .  Photographs of this year 's event were submitted by people
Ten former Atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering , were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars .  Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests .  He also threatened prison sentences for them if they
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland ` as soon as possible '  She was forced to admit her MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year .  Move would leave a # 7.6 billion black hole in Scotland 's finances .  Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave catastrophic hole in the country 's
Apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry , says senior GP .  ` Untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy , says Dr Des Spence .  Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple 's health app .
Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch .  The pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .  The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed .
Pippa Middleton , 31 , and Nico Jackson , 36 , left a restaurant in Fulham last night .  The pair had been enjoying a romantic supper at upmarket Margaux .  Miss Middleton wore a low-key tailored cream blazer , denim jeans and a heart-print top .  Mr Jackson , who is five years Miss Middleton 's senior , looked equally happy to be there .  The pair were on
Tottenham have won two of their last 10 Premier League matches .  Six of the matches followed Europa League games on Thursday nights .  Mauricio Pochettino 's side play former club Southampton at 12.45 on Saturday .
Lord Janner escaped justice after allegations of historic child-sex abuse were made .  Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders ` ignored advice ' of two top QCs .  Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC were leading counsel to the investigation .  Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts .  Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put the Labour peer in the
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden .  The Red Bull driver hopes to kick-start the season ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix .  It 's been a tough 18 months for Red Bull since their dominant four years at the top of Formula One ended in 2013 .
David Seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history .  The 51-year-old says the save against Sheffield United was the best he ever made .  Seaman went on to win the FA Cup with Arsenal in the same season .  The former England keeper has warned his former side not to underestimate Reading .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday .  Costel Pantilimon conceded four goals inside 45 minutes .  That was four weeks ago when Aston Villa ran riot at the stadium of Light .  Gus Poyet was sacked and Dick Advocaat was being installed .  The Black Cats are now three points clear of the relegation zone .  The Romanian stopper admits there has been a `
Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz has been a teacher at Doull Elementary School in Denver , Colorado for three years .  Last month , she devised a lesson plan called ` I wish my teacher knew ... ' which has spread to classrooms across the nation .  She asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her , but would n't normally in the classroom situation and
Many Clouds won Saturday 's Grand National on Saturday .  Trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newbury 's Hennessy Gold Cup .  With 11st 9lb on his back , Leighton Aspell 's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since Red Rum won his second National in 1974 at under 12st .  Sherwood said :
Part of the ` Wing ' was damaged by high winds on Sunday and Monday .  Images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed .  Silverstone 's sporting director , Stuart Pringle , insists upcoming races will not be affected .
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that ` undermine living standards '  But his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them .  Mr Miliband said a Labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks .  He made a stinging attack on both David Cameron and firms that use ` exploitative ' contracts
Peter Fox , 26 , was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning .  He is wanted for the murders of Bernadette , 57 , and Sarah Fox , 27 .  His mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in Bootle , Merseyside .  Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .  Detectives released CCTV images of the 26-year-old leaving Liverpool
Hull are currently 15th in the Premier League , three points off the relegation zone .  Steve Bruce 's side have a tough run-in with five of their last eight matches against top clubs .  David Meyler is confident his side will remain in the top flight .  Tigers face Swansea in the Capital One Cup on Saturday .  Mohamed Diame , James Chester and Gaston Ramirez could feature .
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of his England captaincy .  Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand in October 2011 .  Terry retired from international football in September 2012 .  Capello said England would be in a much stronger position if they still had the Chelsea star at their disposal .  Terry , 34 , said he was ` deeply hurt ' by the
Anthony Barbour , 33 , from Liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool , Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset .  Once he finds the right location , he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image .  He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a
Britain 's Adam Peaty has broken the men 's 100m breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds at the London Aquatic Centre .  The 20-year-old beat the previous record of 58.46 set by South African Cameron van der Burgh in 2012 .  Fran Halsall stormed to victory in the women 's 50m freestyle .  Rachael Kelly had defended her British Championship title in the open 100m butterfly
Sydney 's Icebergs Club pool was drained to create a catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia .  Models walked through the pool and along the break wall in front of a beautiful backdrop of the ocean .  The pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the show .  The show took place on an unseasonably warm 28 degrees celcius day .
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 in the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park .  Josh Kerr opened the scoring for Celtic in the 74th minute .  Mark Hill doubled Celtic 's lead in the second half .  Robby McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line for the Hoops .  Aiden Wilson and Ross Mc Crorie made it 2-1 .  Kyle Bradley 's handball in the box from a Regan
Cadbury 's Fingers will have two fewer chocolate fingers from now on .  They join Creme Eggs , PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller .  In its latest issue , consumer watchdog Which ? reveals a host of products that have been shrunk , from Surf washing powder and Cif spray to Hovis Best Of Both bread , while the
Gunman shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood , California , on Friday .  Police say he was stalking his estranged ex-girlfriend , who works in a restaurant .  Last week he was banned from the park after he vandalized her car .  But he was spotted at 2.15 pm near the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride .
Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals .  Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half .  Carl Forster 's try and Griffin 's penalty made the game safe .
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year .  The 19-year-old Scot has been invited to the Masters and US Open .  Rory McIlroy has tipped Neil to be a success when he decides to turn professional .
Dell ` Super Dell ' Schanze , 45 , pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird .  His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person .  He was scheduled to go to
Britain came sixth from last in a list of the world 's most religious countries .  Only 30 per cent of people in the UK call themselves religious , compared to 53 per cent who are ` convinced atheists '  Thailand was the most religious country at 94 per cent .
Anika Stanford , the mother of accused killer Vincent Stanford , is assiting police with the murder case against her son .  Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park , where they discovered Ms Scott 's burnt remains on April 10 , five days after she went missing .  The teacher 's family have lived in the
Ronald Butcher left # 500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in March 2013 .  The ` private and quiet man ' agreed to clean out his gutters for him free .  But his family and friends insist that the will is invalid .  They say that the builder is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher .  Mr Butcher became friends with Mr Sharp six years before his death
Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram 's latest app update .  Hashtags can now be used with single emoji , multiple emosji or can be combined with text in post , comments , captions and when using the Explore tab .  It is believed to be because the emog is commonly used to represent male genitalia .  Instasta told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Darius the rabbit measures over four feet long and weighs in at three and a half stone .  His son Jeff , who measures 3ft 8in , is now the world 's biggest bunny .  The rabbit 's owner , Annette Edwards , 63 , from Bromsgrove , says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father .  Continental Giants are the largest breed of rabbit and
Michelle , a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used , said the white van drove through a red light at about 2 : 30 p . m . on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle .  She said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school
Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home .  The Labour leader feared the planned repeat of the sit-com starring Harry H Corbett and Wilfrid Brambell would hit them badly .  Mr Wilson went to the home of BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene and told him the show could cost him 20 seats .  He approached Sir Hugh
Violet Price , 80 , had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week .  Her son , a businessman who lives in the area , was unable to reach her by phone .  32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder .  He told police where to find the body parts in two different areas of southern France .  The mutilated body had been
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years .  His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express .  Esser worked in Fleet Street during the glory days , when reporters kept four pennies in their pockets for the telephone box , a knife to puncture the tyres of rival reporters ` cars , and enjoyed liquid lunches
Hillary Clinton 's Secret Service-provided ` Scooby ' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport , escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts .  She arrived in time to take a 7 : 00 p . m . US Airways shuttle to Washington , D.C. .  On the way , her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester , N.H. . airport , which was 55 miles
Timothy Fradeneck , 38 , was charged with first-degree murder and child abuse in the triple murder of his wife Christine , 37 , and their two children , Celeste , 2 , and Timothy III , 8 , at their home in Eastpointe , Michigan .  The bodies of Christine and her two children were found dead in their beds at the family 's home on Monday .  Police
Jo Gilchrist , 27 , was left writhing in pain on Valentine 's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine .  The mother of one was airlifted from her country hometown of Warwick to Brisbane where she underwent emergency surgery .  She was told the infection had damaged her spine so severely she would never walk again and would be confined to a wheelchair .
Morocco was banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations .  The North-African nation was fined $ 1 million by the Confederation of African Football .  The CAF also demanded a further $ 9 million in compensation .  Morocco pulled out as hosts of the tournament due to Ebola fears .
Jordan Spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta .  The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods .  He was four shots ahead of Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson in the final round .  The name is Middle High German and means either ` successful ' and ` speedy ' or ` late '  Rory McIlroy was impressed by the course-record
Moeen Ali hurt himself during England 's failed World Cup campaign .  The all-rounder was not available for the Caribbean squad .  James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are current options in the squad .  Moeen expects to be fit in time for Worcestershire 's first LV = County Championship match against Yorkshire on April 12 .
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season .  Anti-discrimination body Kick It Out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 of them directed towards Premier League players .  Brendan Rodgers says he is ` shocked and shocked ' by the level of online abuse aimed at the Italy international .  Liverpool boss Mark Hughes has
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for # 29.95 -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- .  It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3D movie .  The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches -LRB- 8.2 x 15.4 cm -RRB- , which means it will work with the iPhone 6 .
The Post and Courier of Charleston , South Carolina , won three Pulitzer prizes for international reporting and feature photography .  The paper 's powerful photo series entitled ` Till Death Do Us Part , ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women .  Last year , the award went to The Washington Post and The
Jeff Bezos ` Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas .  The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles -LRB- 94km -RRB--four miles short of space-before landing .  It was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space .
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane -- a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide .  The reservoirs are secure , and scientists do n't believe they will impact climate change .  Instead , they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane , that can later be used as fuel
University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy .  By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock .  He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes .  And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce .  Dr Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival , which
Dr Frederic Brandt , 65 , was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables , Florida , on April 5 .  Friends said he had been left ` devastated ' by character based on him .  ` Fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt , ' said Edith Newman , a friend for 30 years .
Experts have voiced concerns over DIY brain stimulation kits for children .  Websites that sell these devices sells entire kits for as little as $ 55 US .  Online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear .  Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation -LRB- tDCS -RRB- for 20 years .
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games for Crystal Palace .  The Eagles striker ruptured a cruciate knee ligament last season .  Alan Pardew says the Cumbrian has a ` bionic ' knee .  The 31-year-old has scored the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the top-flight .
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems .  Black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .  The unidentified man was consuming anywhere from 3 to 10 times the amount an average American takes in
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ` depriving more families ' of the payments worth more than # 1,000 per year .  More than a million households lost out when Coalition announced families with one parent earning # 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit .  Controversial measure was brought in two and a half years ago as part of the Government 's
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract with Derbyshire .  The 31-year-old will replace Martin Guptill after he is called up for Test series .  South Africa Test captain will play three NatWest T20 Blast matches .
The federal government will be investing $ 4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas .  The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan .  This comes as Prime Minister Tony Abbott stated that only the Coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats .
Nicholas James Langan , 24 , from Townsville , was arrested about 1.00 am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu , north of Kuta , for smoking a marijuana joint .  Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams .  Prosecutor Deni Iswanto on Thursday finalised the charges against the men , pushing for Langan to face a maximum 12 years
Surfers Paradise Meter Maids were the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey .  He introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with new parking meters .  Local business owners have labelled the group outdated and no longer providing a service .  They believe the group is violating the council 's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise .  The Gold Coast Chamber of Commerce 's Peter Yared
Wendell Steiner , his wife , and their four children were stopped by police in Akron , Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova , Ohio to Pennsylvania .  Steiner 's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued , but had no injuries .  Police Sgt Kris Beitzel said they were transporting the dogs to his wife 's family in Pennsylvania because his
Hundreds of mourners gathered to farewell three children who died when their mother 's car crashed into a Melbourne lake on April 8 .  Bol Manyang , one , his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew 's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning .  Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church
Ricky Woolaston , 35 , posed as a university maintenance engineer to steal laptops .  He pinched laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit .  But a court heard he was easily tracked down by police after leaving behind his bag .  He was caught when he left behind a police charge sheet with his name and address .  He has been sentenced to four years in prison
The Eshima Ohashi bridge spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi , linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato .  The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7 km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres .  It is the largest rigid frame bridge in Japan and the third largest in the world .  It was recently featured in a commercial for Daihatsu Motor Co .
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut in the 2002-03 season .  Louis van Gaal was Barca boss when he made his senior debut .  The Spain international admits he is grateful to Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough .

Sandra Malcolm 's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson .  He reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door .  Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old 's attackers had mutilated her .  Mrs Malcolm , originally from Dundee in Scotland , was found on Sunday morning .  Neighbours said the pensioner was last seen with friends on Saturday afternoon .  She had
Tavon Watson , 24 , was driving the Lamborghini at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Florida on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar .  Father-of-one Gary Terry , 36 , was pronounced dead at the scene .  Watson posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac hours before the fatal collision .  The day out at the track
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager .  Giggs has been Van Gaal 's assistant since he took over at Old Trafford last summer .  The Welshman had a spell in temporary charge following the dismissal of David Moyes .  Giggs made a record 963 appearances for United during his glittering playing career .  The 41-year-old won a remarkable 25 trophies , including 13
Fashion designer Collette Dinnigan has put her four-bedroom Paddington home on the market .  The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate .  The couple share their home with children Estella , 10 , and Hunter , 3 .  The stunningly renovated property is set to go under the hammer on May 23 .  The couple bought
Jordan Spieth finished 18 under to beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson .  The 21-year-old became the second youngest ever Masters winner .  He became only the fourth player after Jack Nicklaus , Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods to reach 17 under .
Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia , Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves .  The ship , carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew , docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am this morning .  It had been due to dock on Tuesday morning but Sydney Harbour was closed to the storm .  Huge waves as high as 40
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang being threatened with a knife .  He immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage-allowing Long to go free .  The terrifying situation began at 11am on April 9 in Dongguan , Guangdong Province .  When he sat down with her , he reassured her : ` Do n't worry , I am not going to harm you
David Beckham 's 40th birthday is on Saturday , 2 May .  He is expected to fly out to Morocco for a glamorous bash next weekend .  Will be staying at the five-star Amanjena resort , just outside Marrakech .  Tom Cruise , Guy Ritchie , Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend .  The beauty centre is the first Aman resort on the African continent
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised .  Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G .  But the actual figure is only 2.5 times faster-14 . 7 megabits per second compared to 5.9 Mbit / s per second on the 3G service that most people use .  EE , O2 , Vodafone and Three are not as fast
Ade Adebayo and his friends booked a trip to Las Vegas back in December .  They were hoping to fight Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao .  Tickets for the fight were announced late last week .  The fight is expected to take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .  Ticket sales for the bout are expected to be as high as $ 100,000 .  Ade and friends are
Sam Allardyce believes that putting Raheem Sterling on a bumper new contract could cause a ripple effect across the rest of the Liverpool squad .  The West Ham boss believes that paying Sterling more than the # 100,000-per-week deal he was already offered would lead to the 20-year-old 's team-mates demanding more .  Sterling is currently on # 35,000 a week at Liverpool .  Big Sam does not blame Sterling
John Hinckley Jr . has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting .  This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from St . Elizabeth 's Hospital in Washington and instead with his mother .  He was found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting President Ronald Reagan in 1981 .  He
Daley Blind was given a large self-portrait as a late birthday present .  The Manchester United star posted the picture on Instagram .  The 25-year-old 's birthday was in March .  Blind has been a key figure for Louis van Gaal 's side this season .
Coca-Cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red .  Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes .  Coke Zero , which is also sugar-free , and the reduced sugar Coke Life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour , in line with the designs of the labels around the middle .  Since March the soft drink company has
Children posted the police picture of eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson on social media .  She was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended .  Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis suspended three students .  Parent Shanna Richardson said her son , who re-posted the picture , was one of the pupils taken out of school for sharing the mugshot .
Alassan Gobitaca , known as Al the Jumper , is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder .  He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes .  In the clip , which features on interactive TV show World 's Most Talented , the daredevil is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson .
It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia .  But it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the White House .  It was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5am and 11pm , according to thenextweb . com .  Security consultant Bryan Seely created the listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland .  He said he created
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta National .  The world No 1 is aiming to complete the feat at the Home of Golf on Thursday .  Tiger Woods is ranked 111th when he won The Open Championship at Royal St George 's in 2011 .  Rory 's return has elevated it to another plane and he 's no
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is a $ 39.99 -LRB- # 26 -RRB- gadget .  It is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve .  It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68 °C and 71 °C -LRB- 155 and 160 °F -RRB- .  It can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord .  Backers can pre-order the mug for $ 30
Jamyra Gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt , 30 , on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel .  According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday , she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's Metro SmarTrip card .  Her roommate-and alleged girlfriend-19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday .  The British tennis star announced his engagement in November last year .  Reverend Colin Renwick , led the service , was pictured outside the cathedral just after 3.00 pm this afternoon with the wedding taking place at around 4.00 pm .  Judy Murray arrived just before 4.00 pm looking resplendent in a white , to-the-knee overcoat
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a mega-fight on May 2 .  Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- # 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight .  Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his California hometown on June 20 .  The self-called Son of God said he would be prepared to face Carl Froch .  Marco Antonio Periban
Lindsey Vonn has been dating golf 's former No 1 since 2013 .  The 30-year-old has become close with his children .  Vonn was on the Late Night With Seth Meyers to talk about her relationship with Woods .  The most successful US Alpine skier in history has an Olympic gold medal and several world championship titles to her name .  Vonn credits Woods with hitting the gym with her
Revlon 's latest lipstick advert , titled Love Is On , is shot entirely in black and white .  The only colour is the pop of pink on the woman 's lips .  It was created by agency George Patts Y & R for the cosmetics giant .  Revlon UK 's first major relaunch in more than a decade .  It is said to signal it 's intention to inspire
Status Quo , Katherine Jenkins and Elaine Paige will perform at the event .  It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War .  The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1 .  Strictly Come Dancing couples and readings from Pointless host Alexander Armstrong and Absolutely Fabulous actress Jane Horrocks will
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009 .  Since then , legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions .  In 2013 and 2014 , the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup .  On Friday , the Tennessee Supreme Court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates .
Disabled cat , called Freeman , was mauled to death by two dogs .  Two dogs pounced , dragging the terrified cat on to neighbour 's lawn .  90-second attack was captured on CCTV by a neighbour in Tarring , West Sussex .  Woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off , leaving cat to die in agony .
Peter Quillin is the current WBO middleweight world champion .  The American has a 71 per cent knockout rate in his undefeated record .  The 31-year-old was due to defend against undefeated Russian Matt Korobov .  He turned down a career-best $ 1.4 million pay day when deciding not to fight the Russian .  The American is the mandatory challenger to Andy Lee next weekend .  Lee is defending his
Puren was the youngest brother of final Qing monarch Puyi .  The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia .  He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale 's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership .  The Hoops boss criticised the playing surface at St Mirrent Park following the Hoops ` 2-0 win on Friday night .  Teale hit back , saying : ` It 's maybe a bit firm but it 's an excellent surface '  Celtic are seven points ahead of second-placed
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes .  Conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits .  A poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory .  Riley Hughes died one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough .  People who
In some parts of the UK , more than 60 per cent of positions remain unfilled .  This is at a time when there is already a shortage of doctors .  Doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a ` recruitment crisis '  In some areas , only London managed to fill vacancies in first round of recruitment .  One in three GP training posts remain empty
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will be executed on Wednesday .  The Bali Nine drug smuggler has pledged to stare down the firing squad .  Close supporter and artist Ben Quilty has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop the duo 's execution .  The duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution .  The execution will likely take place in `
Mr and Dawn appeared on The Jeremy Kyle Show .  Jamie refused to take one of the show 's famous lie detector tests .  The couple , known only as Jamie and Dawn , were appearing on an episode entitled : ` My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? '  Jamie tried to propose , but has the ring thrown back in his face .  Dawn
Temperatures in the South is forecast to reach 24C -LRB- 75F -RRB- today and 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year , the 21.9 C -LRB- 71.4 F -RRB- recorded in London on Friday .  The delightful weather , caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores , is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August .  The record
Aimee Craven , 32 , of Hull , East Yorkshire , claimed Tesco product worth # 20 .  Mother-of-one , who cares for the elderly , took it home after spotting it on train .  She said : ` It was a spur of the moment , stupid decision , which I am sorry for '  British Transport Police trawled through CCTV footage to track down the care worker .
Mother and ten ducks were spotted trying to cross the busy high street in Sutton Coldfield .  Recruitment company staff rushed to help the mother and ten ducklings .  They followed them back to their office and drank from water bowls .  They ushered the family out of a back door to safety and disappeared into a nearby park .  Resourcer Melissa Patrick , 18 , filmed the amusing episode
Author said Duchess of Cambridge has n't lived up to Diana 's reputation .  She said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes .  But she added she is right not to follow in the fashion icon 's footsteps .  ` I think she dresses quite uneventfully , ' the author of The Handmaid 's Tale said .  Miss Atwood is just the latest high-profile female
The singles champions will each receive 1.8 m euros -LRB- # 1.3 m -RRB- .  This is around 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova last year .  The tournament , held at Roland Garros and beginning on May 24 , remains the Grand Slam .  The main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds .
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager 's job .  But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini .  Txiki Begiristain , City 's director of football , met the Dortmund boss and concluded that he was not the right fit for City .  The club went on to appoint Manuel Pellegrini .  The Dortmund boss will
The Hague is home to the Vermeer , Rembrandt and Hals .  The Mauritshuis is the home of Girl With A Pearl Earring , the ` Dutch Mona Lisa '  HanTing is the latest Michelin star in town and the best place for Indonesian cuisine .
Kevin O ` Connor , owner of Memories Pizza , closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , Crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law .  A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .  He said gays are welcome in his restaurant in the small ,
Park officials in San Bernardino County set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails .  A shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park , between Apple Valley and Victorville caused the fire to spread .  At its height , 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses while they tried to contain the blaze .  One
Nathan Hughes ` knee collided with George North 's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton on March 27 .  The Fiji-born forward received a further sanction at the original hearing .  But the ban was thrown out , as the appeal lodged by Wasps was up-held .  It was the third time the Wales and Lions winger had been knocked out in the space of two
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised the Oratory School in London .  Said it had broken the rules in 105 different ways and was biased against the poor .  The state-funded school in Fulham , West London , was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year .  The watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children using its strict faith-based entry requirements .  But yesterday , a High
Paul Downton leaves his role as ECB managing director following England 's shameful performance at World Cup .  Too many of the current selectors and coaches are from the old guard .  Even the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair .  There is still too much bad blood around for Kevin Pietersen to return , says Nasser Hussain .  English cricket has shown
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens ` European Champions Cup semi-final .  The fly-half suffered a knee ligament injury against Clermont in January .  Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign due to the injury .  Saracens take on Clersmont Auvergne in April 18 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Saracens news .
Passenger made the awful discovery on a train between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge .  The 52-year-old cleaner found excrement in a newspaper on the floor .  London Midland said that CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation .
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday .  The Spaniard has just one in five games for club and country this season .  The 27-year-old broke Thierry Henry 's Premier League record of 20 assists .  He was given just four out of 10 by one Spanish newspaper on Tuesday .  Fabresgas was brilliant for Chelsea in their big win away at Swansea in January
Police identified 25 people who claim Labour peer attacked them .  Each could claim for up to # 100,000 after being denied justice .  Several of those who claim to have been sexually abused say Janner got to them through paedophile Frank Beck , a manager of Leicester children 's homes accused of abusing more than 200 boys .  The CPS last week said ` core allegation ' was that
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday .  Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt claims the German champions ` medical department has been blamed for Wednesday 's defeat .  The 72-year-old has been at the club for almost 40 years .  His son Kilian , Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel have also resigned .  The German champions lost their first-leg first leg match .  Pep Guardiola had just 14
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee , from Surrey , met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 .  They celebrated the birth of their first child , son Phoenix Blue , on January 14 .  They welcomed daughter Willow-Star Shirley Harris-Lee after surrogate Viktoria Ellis gave birth .  Baby number three is being carried by Bex 's sister-in-law Becky Harris and is due in July .  Mr Harris ,
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975 .  The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared .  Magistrate Sharon Freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide .  Ms Rees was fed up with taking care of her younger siblings
The Ashton Canal in Manchester was filled with heavy suds after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company .  It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings .  The foam then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal , which runs in the
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies UK plastic photocard licences .  Information about penalty points will be held only on the database .  From June 8 , holidaymakers will have to log on to DV LA website the day before and put in driving licence number to obtain special code to give to their car hire company when they arrive at the desk .  Fears growing that the `
Amanda Burleigh , a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust , was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of birth was wrong .  Since the 1950s , doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage .  They feared the drug -- since replaced with a safer substitute -- could harm the baby .  But she believed it was unnatural to clamp
Carmem Dierks , 60 , was running a dodgy dental practice in west Orange County , Florida .  She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab .  During a raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an X-ray machine and dental molds .  The married 60-year-old is listed as a health care provider in the
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night .  Manuel Pellegrini guided City to their second Premier League title in three seasons .  Jose Mourinho ended Chelsea 's 50-year wait to be champions by winning the Premier League in 2004 / 05 .  Carlo Ancelotti led Chelsea to their first league and FA Cup double in his first season .  The Italian bounced back to
Jonny May was dropped by England for ignoring an overlap in England 's Six Nations win over Italy .  The 25-year-old was told to go away and learn his lessons back at Gloucester .  May will start on the wing for Gloucester on Friday night in the European Challenge Cup final in London .  His mother , Hazel , taught Sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster .  May
Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei demanded that all sanctions on Iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing Tehran 's nuclear program is reached .  ` I neither support nor oppose the deal , since nothing has happened yet , ' he said .  ` All the trouble arises when the details will be discussed ; it may be that the
The quadruplet male cubs were born on January 25 and almost three months old .  They were allowed out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of Tokyo .
Andre Villas-Boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of Andrei Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk .  The pair 's current contracts expire at the end of the season .  Zenit are currently eight points clear at the top of the Russian Premier League .
Philip Kirby , 32 , was jailed for eight years for raping Gemma Redhead at knifepoint .  He was released after three years and phoned his former partner , 33 .  Miss Redhead , who has waived her right to anonymity , was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after being repeatedly raped by her former partner .  Kirby , of Newcastle , initially denied rape but changed his plea on
Dr Jean Emberlin , a leading pollen expert , told MailOnline that a 33 per cent rise in the number of people struck by hayfever this year could occur , ` depending on weather conditions '  Hayfever is an allergic reaction to pollen and spores .  Symptoms include streaming eyes , incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat-up a third from last year .  By 2030
Catherine Grove , 28 , vanished in July 2013 , abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville , Arkansas .  She then returned to the Church of Wells in Wells , Texas , six days later .  Her parents , Andy and Patty Grove , said they believed her daughter had been brainwashed .  At the time the church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking
Liverpool host Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Steven Gerrard will start in the middle of midfield to mark his 36th game at Wembley .  The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving a three-match ban .
At her heaviest , Amber Rachdi weighed an unhealthy 46st -LRB- 657lbs -RRB- .  The 24-year-old from Troutdale , Oregon , weighed the same as the average adult woman .  She was warned that she would be dead by the age of 30 by doctors .  She has since lost 20st in a year and says she has always eaten healthily .  ` Sometimes I think to myself I '
Gary Saurage , 45 , who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont , Texas , was called out on Monday to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond .  A photograph of the capture shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards .  Saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond , although
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  The men were accused of being Assad agents working for the Syrian governmment .  They were filmed barefoot and in shackles in an unknown prison at the start of the sick video .  They were then blindfolded and transported in a van to the execution point .  One by one the prisoners are beheaded by a fighter , dressed completely in black .  It comes
The second generation Apple Watch is set to go on sale on April 24 .  It will retail from $ 499 for the cheapest version right up to $ 24,000 for an 18-carat model .  A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the watch .  They all expect the watch to be a vast improvement , pointing to a long lasting battery life
Alastair Cook is yet to score a Test century for England since May 2013 .  The England captain has not scored a Test hundred for 33 innings .  In 21 of those 33 innings he has not passed 25 and his Test average of 45.65 is lower than at any time since the 2010-11 Ashes .  Since the last of his 25 Test centuries , against New Zealand at Headingley
Irishman Barry Lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm .  His younger brother , Patrick , has called on the charges to be dropped .  He was found in a pool of blood and vomit on January 3 in Sydney 's Potts Point .  He was rushed to the hospital where he was treated by paramedics .  He was taken to a nearby hospital but later died of a
Compulsory fitness tests have been introduced for all FBI agents .  Those who fail will have marks noted on annual performance review .  FBI chief James Coney said force depends on its agents ability to ` run , fight and shoot '  He said he wants people to take one look at an agent think ` there goes a special agent of the FBI '  Agents aged under 30 will
Sonia Morales ` daughter Angela has anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull .  Sonia and her husband Rony decided to ` keep her no matter what '  Angela , who weighs only 16 lbs . , celebrated her first birthday on March 23 .  Doctors told the family it was a critical period , but a week later they
Gloria Ross , 84 , spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse .  She was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson .  Wayne Wilkins asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital , North East London , for help .  They said Mrs Ross was ` just tired ' -- and told him the senior nurse was ` on a break '
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night .  Jamie O ` Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders a lead .  Defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed .  Fans gathered outside the West Stand 45 minutes before kick-off and threw eggs at the back of the directors ` boxes before a flare , smoke
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram from Cambridge University in the UK .  A questioner asked : ` What do you think is the cosmological effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction ? '  But he happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan .
Michael Juskin , 100 , allegedly killed his wife Rosalia , 88 , with an ax while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife .  The couple had a ` history of domestic issues , ' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L . Molinelli .  A relative , who was not inside the home at the time of the killings , discovered the bodies Monday morning and
A fire was started at St Mary 's Catholic Church in Dandenong on April 1 .  The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O ` Donnell .  It took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room of the church on Foster Street .  Police are treating the blaze as suspicious .  The church
Misao Okawa was born on March 5,1898 , the fourth daughter of a kimono maker .  She had lived through two World Wars , the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers .  The ` super-centenarian ' , who was only fifth person ever recorded to have reached the age of 117 , was still walking until she was 110 .  She
FBI have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace .  Unidentified man , referred to as John Doe 29 , is being sought as part of Operation Rescue Me and Endangered Child Alert Program .  Investigators believe he may have ` critical information ' to help them identify the victim .  The dark-haired man , believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45 ,
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday .  Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam , while Tiger Woods is looking to rediscover his magic .  Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since last year .  The 24-year-old caddied for him on Wednesday .  Dustin Johnson is engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky .  Lindsey Vonn is a four-time world champion
Stunning pictures were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire , who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry .  butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers , giving them their Greek order name of Lepidoptera .  Each scale of a butterfly is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring , but eye-catching blues , greens ,
Paula Radcliffe said she ` was close to pulling out ' of the London Marathon .  World record holder turned to celebrity doctor known as ` Healing Hans '  Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has worked with Ronaldo and Usain Bolt .  The 41-year-old will race in Sunday 's London Marathon on Sunday .  Radcliffe fears a degenerative injury to her foot would rule her out .  She said : ` If I
Mohamed Badie and 13 others were found guilty of plotting unrest in July 2013 .  Prosecution accused them of organising months of unrest against ouster of Mohamed Morsi .  They were sentenced to life in prison , including American-Egyptian Mohamed Soltan .  Soltan has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months .  U.S. . embassy in Cairo said it is ` gravely concerned '
University student says she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent .  She says she used it as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her .  The student says that she struggled academically and financially .  She says that working as a prostitute enabled her to afford a place of her own .  She says sex work is flexible
Jean Sharon Abbott , 38 , from Plymouth , Minnesota , was told she had spastic diplegia , a form of cerebral palsy , when she was just four-years-old .  After three decades of suffering from muscle spasms , weakness , near immobility , as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures , she learned that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia -LRB- DRD -RRB- , a rare , yet treatable ,
The last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the TGV train arrived at the Waller crossing .  One rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by the barrier as it came down , as the racers hurry through with the train near .  The last cyclist appeared to cross the track around eight seconds .  A police motorcycle was in place to stop more
Sherrell Dillion , from Benefits Street , has been given a place in Top Model Of Colour .  The single mother-of-two says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home .  She is currently living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth .  Sherrell says she feels happiness for her co-star White Dee .  White Dee is said to be close to making her first # 1million after
Ruba Khandaqji , 36 , was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence .  She called the Osceola County Sheriff 's Office on Monday telling the dispatcher that she was going to hire a hitman and ` kill whomever I can kill ' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan .  When Florida Department of Law Enforcement agents spoke
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday night .  Xabi Alonso is only the second player to win three Champions League with three clubs .  The 33-year-old won the competition in his first season at Liverpool in 2005 .  Clarence Seedorf won the title four times in his illustrious career .  Bayern are the only unbeaten side in the competition this year .  CLICK HERE for
Harvey Weinsten was spotted looking chipper and pleasant as he stepped outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday .  The Oscar winner was accused of groping an Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , during a business meeting on Tuesday .  Chapman has been working on her upcoming Spring / Summer 2016 bridal fashion show for her much beloved fashion brand Marchesa .  One of Chapman 's society pals
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from Monday 's ` Match against Poverty ' after picking up an ankle injury .  Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday 's 1-0 win over Manchester United .  The Ivorian centre forward played the full 90 minutes in Chelsea 's last two games , wins over QPR and United .  Chelsea need nine points from their remaining six games to guarantee a first Premier
Manchester United 's Under 21 side drew 1-1 at Leicester .  Sean Goss scored the only goal of the game in the 32nd minute .  Harry Panayiotou put Leicester in the lead after 18 minutes .  Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans were all in the game .  Rafael and Adnan Januzaj limped off in the 44th minute .  Defender Evans has been out for six games due to suspension
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year-a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell .  The 63-year-old 's home had been searched earlier in the year , in January and March , after it was revealed he was due to fix William 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished .  Investigators have revealed they
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 .  Customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch the next day .  It will then go on general sale online and exclusively on 23 April .  Apple 's Watch is currently available in the US , Canada , UK , Germany , France , Australia , Hong Kong , China and Japan .
John Noble , 53 , shot himself in the head while waiting in a buffet line at the M Resort in Las Vegas on Easter Sunday .  He sent a 270 page letter to the Las Vegas Review-Journal explaining his suicide on Monday .  He said he was upset because he had lost his free buffett eating privileges he 'd won from the casino for harassing female employees in 2013
The espresso maker is dubbed ISSpresso -- ISS standing for International Space Station .  It was intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy .  It was supposed to arrive in January , shortly after her arrival , so she could get some relief from the station 's instant coffee .  But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion
Move the nation 's nuclear deterrent to the British territory could cost # 3billion .  The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland , but Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde .  Military source said MoD officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative .  ` A party was sent to Gibraltar in January to determine whether the option could work , ' it
Scotland 's First Minister says Ed Miliband has been ` kicked around ' by Tories .  Calls on him to be ` tougher ' and ` bolder ' , says SNP leader .  Labour leader insists he is ` not interested in deals ' with the SNP .  SNP have soared in the polls to a record 54 per cent and support has hit a record high .  Polls suggest
Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's second child .  Silver coin will be minted with the one penny 's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen .  Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 ` lucky ' silver pennies .  Thousands of commemorative coins were struck to celebrate the arrival
Geraldine Jones , 36 , of Gary , Indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming , 23 , of Anderson .  Fleming and her three-week old baby Serenity went missing from her home in Anderson on April 5 .  Police believe Jones lured the mother to her home by telling her she worked for the Indiana Department of Child Services
Sean McCabe , 30 , was diagnosed with stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013 .  Father-of-three , of Tonyrefail , south Wales , was told he had just two months to live .  He set about organising his own funeral-choosing the music and booking the church .  But after making a recovery he was told his cancer was in remission .  He has now rebooked the church for his
Joseph Koetters , a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles , is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student .  The lawsuit alleges that when he was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-years-old student , which began in the 2000-2001 school year .  He also allegedly impregnated the woman , who then had a miscarriage , according
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring on March 4 .  But the New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break .  Reid missed West Ham 's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland .  Big Sam says Nigel Pearson has been getting the performances , but not the results .
David Potchen , who robbed a bank in Merrillville , Indiana , last June , now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family members that had long been estranged .  The 53-year-old had been making $ 8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release .  He had spent 12 and a half years in
Jesse Kidder was chasing Michael Wilcox , 27 , in New Richmond , Ohio .  Wilcox , accused of gunning down two people , was also armed at the time .  He ran at Kidder and asked him to shoot , but the former Marine refused .  Wilcox said : ` Shoot me or I 'll shoot you ' , but Kidder refused .  He has since been arrested and
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution '  He wanted to cut average life expectancy by up to eight months .  To win the money , firms would have to create a family car which breaks into the top five in UK sales and have ultra low emissions -LRB- Ulev -RRB- .  A Ulev is defined as a vehicle which has
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon .  He pulled down his pants for the lewd gesture , despite being in handcuffs .  The outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court .  Irons , 26 , has been in prison since December after he was arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside .
Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers and loaned the club # 5million .  Two of his closest associates-Derek Llambias and Barry Leach-sat as directors until King forced them out at last month 's general meeting .  Rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the Scottish Football Association .  Ashley owns 9.82 per cent of the Glasgow giants .  The Sports Direct tycoon is prohibited from going
All eyes will be on AP McCoy as he bids for a dream end to his career .  AP McCoy has a strong feeling that a horse he could have ridden is going to come back to haunt him .  Cause of Causes is owned by his boss JP McManus .  Shutthefrontdoor , the 2014 Irish National winner , is also strong on that score .
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday .  Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft .  On board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies-including a coffee machine .  It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth .  ` There 's coffee in that nebula `` ... ehm , I mean ... in that # Dragon , ' she tweeted .
Roy Hodgson 's England squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night but their flight home was delayed .  Players from Manchester United , Manchester City , Everton , Liverpool , Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs .  Wayne Rooney , Joe Hart , Chris Smalling , Phil Jones , Ross Barkley , Phil Jagielka , Jordan Henderson , Michael Carrick
Johnny Debnam was free diving off Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia .  The commercial diver was completely enveloped under the majestic stingray .  The 150 kilogram ray nibbled on his head , even nibbling at his head .  ` I was totally at peace . I loved that thing going over the top of me , ' he said .  The stingray is a potentially dangerous creature
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain ` foreign DNA '  Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species .  This makes sweet potatoes a ` natural genetically modified organism '  And humans have been eating it for thousands of years .  Sweet potato is one of the most important food crops for human consumption , especially in Sub-Sahara Africa , parts of Asia and the Pacific islands
Simon Wood , 38 , battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd .  They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours .  The final followed seven weeks of tough challenges , including the ` chef 's table ' , which involved cooking one of three courses on a menu set up by Italian chef Massimo Bottura .  Mr Wood
It is a common misconception that we need less sleep as we get older .  In fact we need just as much as we need to reach a deeper sleep .  This is because people with dementia may experience changes to their sleeping patterns .  These changes may be related to the impact the condition has on the brain .  It 's not known why this happens , but it
Lee McCulloch was sent off in Rangers ` crucial 2-1 win against Hearts .  Mcculloch had been sent off for fouling striker Osman Sow .  The Gers captain apologised to him as well as the players after the incident .  Rangers moved into second place in the Scottish Championship with a game in hand .  Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for the home side .  Rangers held on to
Spain 's Queen Letizia was back to the day job today .  Joined by handsome King Felipe , 47 , she welcomed author Juan Goytisolo to the Casa Real .  The 42-year-old was making her second appearance at an awards show in two days .  Spent Monday night handing out prizes at the Woman Awards .  Last night , she received an unexpected kiss from another award-winning author , Pedro
Sam Tomkins will leave New Zealand Warriors at the end of the season .  The 26-year-old has been released by the club after feeling homesick .  Tomkins says it is not a foregone conclusion that he will return to Wigan .  The full-back is interesting his former club , where his brother Joel plays .  Tomkins has been open with his current club about wanting to leave .  Roger Tuivasa-Sheck
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Monday night .  Jamie O ` Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the hosts a lead .  But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time .  Lee Clark admitted the Seasiders face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans .  Fans chanted for Karl Oyston to leave the club that became the first in the
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu .  Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- five -RRB- , Karim Benzema -LRB- two -RRB- , Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win .  Robert Ibanez scored Granada 's consolation .  Real Madrid have managed half the amount of goals Granada have scored in total all season , before today , in just this game .  Tottenham Hotspur travel to
Jacksonville , Florida Photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the Florida theme park for the first time last September .  Each time the family visits , Giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother Kristina .  Kristina first learned to sew when Giselle started playing dress up in store bought clothing and did n't like wearing the itchy tulle material .  Kristina is so inspired
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job .  In Norway , which pays the highest benefits in Europe , almost 80 % of people wanted a job .  By contrast in Estonia , one of the least generous countries , only around 40 % did .  These responses were then
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants to introduce CSI-style DNA testing .  It will allow owners to match dog mess to owners and issue fines .  The scheme is currently being discussed under the tagline Leading A New Way .  But there are no plans as yet to make it mandatory .
Three Syrian men were arrested by police in Ragusa , Sicily .  They were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast .  It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $ 8,500 -LRB- # 5,700 -RRB- to make the crossing .  This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros to cross the Mediterranean .  However , the
Mauricio Pochettino has likened Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta .  Kane moved to within two goals of the 30-goal barrier for the season .  The Tottenham striker scored 79 seconds after coming on against Lithuania .  England boss Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for England Under 21s this summer .  Kane has enjoyed a meteoric rise since breaking into the Tottenham first-team .  He played alongside the Argentina international
The internet 's most popular capybara has near 60,000 Instagram followers .  JoeJoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy .
BBC One 's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant .  Food stylist Dagmar used a pair of nail scissors , tweezers and a mini hairdryer .  She arranges pieces of pulled chicken , snips off pieces of meat , and melts cheese using a hairsdryer .  The brand 's new marketing director Meghan said : ` It 's meant to look like
Steve McQueen 's aftershave , Eau Sauvage , contained a potent chemical .  Hedione activates the hypothalamus-an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women .  The chemical activates part of the pheromone receptor VN1R in humans .  It has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain , CKOne , Paco by Paco Rabane and Chanel no . 19
Elizabeth Scarborough , 21 , from Charleston , South Carolina , has been impersonating Taylor Swift for six years .  The University of South Carolina student learned to play the Shake it Off singer 's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star .  Elizabeth has also learned to sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike .  As Taylor 's second
The Library Hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street , just steps from the New York Public Library and Grand Central Terminal .  Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System 's categories , and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic .  Rooms on the fifth floor are devoted to maths and science , with rooms themed on topics such as
Drinking two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of cancer returning .  Tamoxifen is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause .  It is usually taken for five years or longer after breast cancer treatment .  When combined with two cups coffee , it can be even more effective .  Study of 1,090 breast cancer patients was carried out at Lund
Liam Sandham , of Fleetwood , filmed his unsuspecting friend in a van .  Plasterer films himself and the vehicle 's wing mirror through a magnifying glass .  The prankster then moves a beam of sunlight dancing on his knuckles .  The video has gone viral after being viewed over a million times .
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri have been dating since 2012 .  The Danish goalkeeper has struggled at Old Trafford since arriving in 2010 .  In five seasons , he has made just 19 league appearances .  The 31-year-old has been told he can leave Manchester United .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Argentina says it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands coast .  Officials claim companies active there are acting ` illegally ' in Argentine territory .  Comes after Britain struck oil in the islands this week in a remote field .  Discovery could be worth billions of pounds and will increase fears of renewed conflict .  Comes after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a ` very live threat
Graeme Finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips .  Couple were travelling on a Thomson Celebration cruise ship when they were attacked .  Mr Phillips said he was ` ignored ' when he joined their table and moved to another after looking at the menu .  He claims Mr Phillips later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation .  The couple say they were
The city of Golmud was left covered in a remarkable red haze .  Visibility was reduced to less than 50m in downtown areas .  China 's National Meteorological Centre has now issued a blue alert .  It is the fourth sandstorm to hit the north-west of the country this year .
Zoe Gregory , 26 , pleaded guilty to sending email hoax to blow up school where he worked .  Holly Littlefield , 16 , was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours .  She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates .  She was ` crying and distressed ' and struggled to sleep in cell surrounded by ` people
Residents of the Charleston , South Carolina , have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police .  Michael Thomas Slager , 33 , fired eight shots at the back of Scott as he ran away from a traffic stop for a broken tail light on Saturday .  Scott had been jailed repeatedly for failing to pay child support ,
Michael Vaughan , Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are bidding to lead England 's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director .  All three are well-respected figures within the game .  Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket .  Stewart played 133 Tests , more than any England cricketer .  Strauss captained England to Ashes triumphs both
Amanda Knox , 27 , was exonerated by the Italian Supreme Court for the murder of British student , Meredith Kercher , in November 2007 .  The Seattle native spent four years in prison and went through three appeals until she and her ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were exonerating by the court in late March .  Amanda Knox 's biographer , Douglas Preston , has hinted that she is
Cape Verde 's 2-0 win over Portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week .  The tiny island off the west coast of Africa has a population of just 500,000 people .  Sporting Lisbon ace Nani is from Cape Verde but decided to represent Portugal at national team level .  Celtic 's Henrik Larsson 's mother is from the island .  Every member of the squad plays club
Lincolnshire resort is famous for its giant Butlin 's holiday camp and caravan parks .  It joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in top ten .  Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 .  He still attracts 400,000 visitors a year .  Research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes .  Cornwall , with its 300 mile coastline ,
Mo Farah will race over 1500m at Birmingham Grand Prix on June 7 .  Double Olympic champion will step down in distance for Diamond League event .  It will be the first time he 's competed in 1,500 m since 2013 .  The 32-year-old is unbeaten at the Alexander Stadium for seven years .
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart 's throat as his friend Billy Flynn , shot him in the head .  Flynn was Pamela Smart ` t then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request .  Flynn was paroled last month ; Smart is serving life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder .  Flynn testified that she
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game as Parma beat Juventus 1-0 in Serie A .  Roberto Donadoni 's side are in last place , 10 points from safety , with nine matches remaining .  Juventus host Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Genoa beat relegation-threatened Cagliari 2-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini .  Parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been
Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku 's # 28million move to Goodison Park .  The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract .  The 21-year-old 's future on Merseyside is up in the air .
The Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since .  Jacques Villeneuve returned to the F1 grid for the final three races of the season but failed to score a single point for Renault in 2004 .  Fernando Alonso 's Ferrari 's Olivier Panis and BAR 's Takuma Sato took a moment to wave to the Shanghai crowd in
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star has revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem ` special ' or ` interesting ' once she completed her gender reassignment surgery .  Andreja , who underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year , appeared in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue .  The model , who is thought to be the first ever
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal with just two minutes left to play .  Thierry Henry was quick to criticise the Mexican striker .  Henry said : ` What I do n't like is that he celebrates like he has just won the World Cup . It 's a tap in . Turn around and celebrate with Ronaldo '
The 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for # 80,000 .  It shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space .  Ed White became the first US astronaut to perform a spacewalk on 3 June 1965 .  He spent 20 minutes in space , and said coming back in was ` the
Chelsea will face Shakhtar Donetsk 's U19s team in the UEFA Youth League final .  Dominic Solanke scored twice as Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 .  Charlie Colckett 's deflected shot gave Chelsea the lead .  Substitute Tammy Abraham completed the rout on 83 minutes .  Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Charly Musonda came into the line-up .  Andreas Christensen , Jake Clarke-Salter and Ola Aina were also on the bench .  Chelsea
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next week .  The pair will meet for the first time in nine days on Saturday .  Mariah Carey has been a fan of the boxer since watching his fight against Shane Mosley in 2010 .
Olly Barkley has extended his stay at London Welsh .  The 33-year-old played for Bath , Gloucester , Racing Metro , Grenoble and the Scarlets .  Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season after finishing bottom of the Aviva Premiership .
David Cameron ate his hotdog with cutlery during a campaign visit to Poole , Dorset .  The Prime Minister surprised onlookers with his eating style , picking up a knife and fork .  The bizarre dining etiquette was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of Ed Miliband 's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich on the campaign trail .  The Old Etonian has a chequered history with hotdogs
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico .  Stefano Mauri , Miroslav Klose and Felipe Anderson scored .  Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place .  Palermo 's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at Udinese .
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats .  Residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council .  Planning permission for the development at 43 Upper Oldfield Park was granted in 2009 following three rejections since 2007 .  The average price of a two-bedroom
Adam Rushton , 37 , took advantage of being a beat officer in Longton , Stoke-on-Trent .  He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and breaching data protection rules .  He denied ten counts of .  Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ` a disgrace to the police service '  He admitted some of his actions were ` not very professional ' but did not
John Lewis has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations-more than three months after December 25 .  It comes after the store reportedly spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin .  The department store has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees-knocking as much as # 250 off
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix , Arizona was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child .  Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children .  One of the children later died from their injuries .  Keaton , who was also on probation for marijuana
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by Rangers fans .  Rangers captain Lee Mcculloch was boosed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers last weekend .  The Rangers defender suffered the embarrassment of being beered by the Ibrox stands .  The Rangers manager hopes that for the time that he is manager he will be the last player to be
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Ibrox .  The 67-year-old spent two spells in charge as manager of Rangers .  He is currently second in the Scottish Championship with a place in the semi-finals of the play-offs .  Smith insists the club was too badly run to ensure true success on the park .  He said : ` I 'd be very surprised if anybody
Warrington thrashed Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley .  Kevin Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut in 1997 .  The former England skipper was powerless to prevent a repeat of his landmark occasion .  Warrington had produced their best display in an 18-6 win over Leeds in March .  Full-back Stefan Ratchford and second rower Ben Currie were outstanding .  Gene Ormsby , Ashton Sims and Roy Asotasi
Detectives are investigating killing of David King , 70 , from Newham , east London .  His body was found by sniffer dogs in picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south-west of Caen .  An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  Mr King , a keen gardener , was living rough in the area and was thought to have been behind a number of thefts .  Family
Stan Cole , an Iraq veteran , took the footage in Loraine , Texas .  Landpouts are a term for any tornado not attached to a thunderstorm .
The 200-year-old Cledford Hall near Middlewich in Cheshire is being knocked down to make way for a ` Butlins-style ' gipsy camp .  Villagers in the small hamlet of Cleford had opposed the plans saying travellers could ` intimidate ' pensioners .  Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting , which will house nine gypsy families for a maximum of 28 days .  The
Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul admitted that he needs to ` have more patience ' with reporters , even if he 's ` annoyed ' with them while maintaining that ` interviews should be questions and not editorializing '  ` I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters . I 'll own up to that , ' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor
Poll of 2,000 Britons found 68 per cent hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating .  Two in five had injured their back , one in five cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes .  A significant number of hapless handymen and women know where they ` re going wrong .  One in 10 said they failed to follow instructions or research the
Robert Knowles , 68 , first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959 .  He has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record .  It is believed Knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences .  He pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on .  The pair were involved in a disagreement last week and Carver removed the Argentine from the matchday squad .  Carver says : ` We ' ve since got together , had a conversation , shaken hands like two grown men and we ` re moving on '  Newcastle will set a new club record of seven
Twenty-year-old Sharista Giles of Sweetwater , Tennessee , went into a coma in December after a car accident .  Her mom , Anna Moser , said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery .  Giles was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy
Providenciales , in Turks and Caicos , was named the best island in the world by TripAdvisor users .  Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras were named the second best island .  Santorini , Greece was Europe 's only other entry in the top 10 , ranking sixth .  Madeira , Portugal was the UK 's best island , and Ko Tao in Thailand 's Ko Tao .  No
Bill and Scooter Yoak restored the Quick Silver P-51D Mustang as a tribute to U.S. . servicemen who have died in combat .  Originally built in 1945 , it was among scores of long-range , single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two .  It was later used in the Korean War before being retired in the 1980s .  The Yoaks say their aircraft is a ` celebration of our
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday in the Premier League .  Mesut Ozil was n't terrible but he did n't impact the game enough .  Cesc Fabregas outshone Ozil for Arsenal on Sunday .  The German was not good enough to change the result .  Ozil missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him .  He could n't create the winning goal .  Ozil
Couple Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene love nothing more than travelling the world .  Jay has 735,000 followers and Alexis an impressive 1.1 million followers on Instagram .  The adventurer is also the subject of photos when he is taking part in extreme sports such as parachuting .  The pair share their travel snaps on Jay 's tumblr blog and on his tumllr page .  Jay has a YouTube video
Ukip campaign chief Patrick O ` Flynn accuses Brussels of feeding ' propaganda ` to young people who could not be trusted to vote in a referendum .  Party says under-18s should not be allowed a say in in-out referendum .  Accuses the Lib Dems of trying to ` gerrymander ' a future referendum after speculation they would demand 16 and 17-year-olds and EU migrants are given a vote as
Police say they have no objections to the 4pm kick-off for Sunday 's derby .  Chief Superintendent John O ` Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters .  Manchester United and City meet in the Premier League on Sunday .  The last late-afternoon kick off was for a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford in 2004 .  Click here for Manchester United vs City transfer news .
Gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 animals into sacks and containers .  They dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of windows .  The birds were also jammed into drawers , squeezed to death and chased by a dog .  Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement .  Chad Worgan , 19 , from Walsall , admitted receiving stolen
Jimmy Anderson beat Sir Ian Botham 's all-time England wicket-taking record .  Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin in his hundredth Test in Antigua .  Anderson 's marquee moment came in his 21st over when he had West Indies captain Dennis Ramdin caught by Alastair Cook after a partnership of 105 with Jason Holder .  Botham was on media duties with Sky Sports after the match .  Anderson said
A woman in her mid-to late 30s was at Melbourne 's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt at Caulfield Racecourse on Saturday .  She was escorted out of the racecourse when she became ` irate ' after a 13-year-old volunteer at the hunt asked her to stop taking so many eggs .  She was told by a volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the young person to
Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012-but separated in February 2015 .  The pair were in a ` irretrievable breakdown of the marriage '  Amanda has been awarded $ 2.5 million -LRB- # 1.8 m -RRB- and Jason will keep two of the couple 's houses .
Ryan Wray , 26 , was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse .  Wray served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president .  He was tasked with keeping safe women who ` could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off-campus frat house .
The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the ` exceptional circumstances ' get-out clause .  Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons .  Harlequins director of rugby Conor O ` Shea believes ' exceptional ` clause could cause major problems .  Tom Youngs said : ` I do n't how well it would go down with the team
Two-deck vessel ` flipped ' after men on the deck ran to one side , the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea .  Hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down .  Death toll is the largest in the region since October 2013 and came as 42 boats
Leanne Kenny , 23 , from Northwich , Cheshire , worked as a check out girl at Co-op .  She would snack on discounted products every day because of sell-by dates .  By the age of 16 , she was a size 20 and felt too embarrassed to go out with her friends .  By December 2013 , she weighed 19st 3lb and went shopping for a new dress .
The Apprentice judge joined David Cameron at National Grid training centre in Newark , Nottinghamshire .  She helped Mr Cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships .  Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years .  Costa Coffee and Morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each .  TV star said : ` I remember that feeling of being 18,19,20 years old ,
Ryan Burns of Eureka , California , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from .  He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel .  Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn .  He refuses to get down from the device even when the camera
A man has been rescued twice from Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney 's Darling Harbour .  The man was on the boat dock when emergency services were called .  He was fished out of the water by ambulance workers but fell backwards .  Before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell back into the water again .  He was disorientated after both of his falls and was
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses .  There are more than 700 party houses across the Gold Coast .  They are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours .  Police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses .
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum .  He is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians .  Pontiff has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East , Africa and elsewhere .
Steven Christopher Costa , 31 , plans to head out to the Middle East next month .  Married father-of-two will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights .  He will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen .  Mr Costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists .  He does not want his children to
Heartwarming scenes were captured by photographer Denis Budkov , 35 , during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka , Russia .  He sat and watched as the mother , who was already lying on the banks of the lake , became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs .  The family are part of a huge population found in the Kronotsky Reserve-known as the Kingdom of bears-thanks
Nico Rosberg took the better of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in second practice for the Bahrain Grand Prix .  Hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit , leaving him in second .  The Mercedes duo finished 15th and 16th , 1.466 secs and 1.705 secs adrift of Kimi Raikkonen in his Ferrari .  In FP2 , with nine minutes remaining , Force India 's
Bill Spedding , 63 , has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault .  He was a person of interest in the disappearance of William Tyrrell , who vanished from his grandmother 's Kendall home in September last year .  The washing machine repairman was staying in a caravan on a property in Campbelltown in Sydney 's west .  Police will allege
Bafetimbi Gomis came off in the early stages of Swansea 's 1-1 draw with Everton .  Scans have now revealed the extent of the damage to his hamstring .  The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke but hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11 .  The 29-year-old has been sidelined for around three to four weeks .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses .  Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands .  But the baby boy does n't seem to mind the affectionate slobbering and he 's heard merrily gurgling away .  After more than ten seconds , Gemma shows no signs of moving on
Newcastle United lost 3-1 at home to Spurs last weekend .  Fans group AshleyOut . com are now encouraging supporters to ` Stand Up To Ashley ' when Swansea visit St James ` Park on Saturday .  Carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season .  Magpies fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley .  Carver says he has not been told if
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to deal with ` unpopular calls '  It comes in the wake of Nico Rosberg 's moaning over the team radio during Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix about how slow team-mate Lewis Hamilton was driving .  Hamilton has won two of the three races of the new Formula One season .  The British driver has been exonerated of any wrongdoing by Wolff and Mercedes
Five-year-old Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister 's friend 's house in Melbourne when a neighbour 's pitbull attacked her earlier this year .  She was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm , her mother Monique Douglas said .  She has been left so traumatised that she is unable to play outside by herself .  The dog 's owner Edward Powell escaped without a conviction for not
Jake Castner , from Ballarat in Victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest .  He boasted on the social media site : ` We do n't talk to police ! '  The 19-year-old drug addict boasted about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last November .  He pleaded guilty to 33 offences in November last year .  He `
Seven of the world 's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday .  The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo .
Bernadette Forde , 51 , was found dead in her Dublin home in June 2011 .  A dictaphone recorded her ` suicide note ' saying she could n't live anymore .  Gail O ` Rorke , 43 , has pleaded not guilty to helping Ms Forde commit suicide .  She is accused of making arrangements for the 51-year-old to travel to Switzerland .  She is also alleged to have helped
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe , which is the smallest Indian nation in America .  The village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu Canyon , in the heart of the tribe 's reservation .  It has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office , school , LDS chapel , and a small Christian church .  The settlement was
A group of Chelsea fans called themselves the ` C-Team ' in a lighthearted prank .  The four wore Jose Mourinho , Diego Costa , Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks .  They parked up outside Arsenal 's north London home and set off blue smoke bombs .  The Chelsea Fans Channel prank comes just days before the Blues travel to the Emirates .
Zachary Davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother 's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh .  On Tuesday , a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis , now 17 , laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012 , leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing .  Davis is
David Cameron accidentally urged the audience to support West Ham during a speech .  The Prime Minister has always claimed to be an Aston Villa fan .  He said : ` This a country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place '  Cameron later admitted he 'd suffered a ` brain fade ' during the election campaign address .
Thomas Tuchel will take over at Borussia Dortmund on July 1 .  The 41-year-old will replace Jurgen Klopp at the end of the season .  Both Tuchel and Tuchel have been manager of Mainz before going on to Dortmund .  Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his contract through a year-long break from the game .  Tuchel praised Pep Guardiola 's management of Lionel Messi during his
Zach Birnie was skiing with a friend in Revelstoke , Canada , when he was caught up in an avalanche .  The skier began making a controlled turn before heading back across the mountain .  While not entirely visible to the camera , heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain .  In a matter of moments he is completely submerged beneath the snow .  The skier , who
Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine believe the antibodies could eradicate primary tumours and distant metastases that have spread through the body .  Their findings have been hailed a ` tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer .  The team isolated the antibodies from mice that were found to be resistant
Usain Bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables .  ` I have n't had KFC for about four months , which is killing me , ' he said .  ` I ' ve tried to bribe my chef but not only is he not bribeable , he chases me around the house and makes sure I eat what he 's cooked `
David Cameron used interview to insist he was working ` bloody hard ' to secure majority .  But only 25 % of people think Ed Miliband ` comes across as wanting to win the most '  Opinion polls continue to suggest the result is too close to call .  Two surveys yesterday put the Tories ahead , including one which gave them a six-point lead .  SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee , an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director , in the groin .  She said she was left in a state of ` disbelief ' and begged friends to take her home .  Lee , 38 , has denied first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault .  He faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted of the alleged rape .
Susan Pease Gadoua says a fixed-term Starter Marriage , in which couples sign a renewable contract-known as a ` wedlease ' - would work better for many modern day couples .  Instead of promising ` til death do us part ' , couples agree to be together for ` two , three , four or more years -- whatever works for you and your partner '  At the end of
Almost 100 dogs were found locked up in a barn in Manchester , Tennessee , surrounded by their own waste on Saturday .  Some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine , and there was also a wheelbarrow in the barn filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots .  The property owner , 64-year-old Caroline Irby , was charged
Navinder Sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million by ` spoofing ' stock market .  His family 's home in West London is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges .  His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London , giving him a massive commercial advantage .  He was arrested on Tuesday at
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam says ` overwhelming chaos ' in Libya ` has become a shame '  Claims Western countries have shed ` the tears of crocodiles over democracy and human rights '  Former minister and cousin of the late dictator blames migrants for shipwreck .  About 950 people died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off Libyan waters .  Gaddof 's cousin was one of several high-profile regime figures
More than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram militants on April 14 to 15 2014 .  They were forced to convert to Islam and marry group members in Chibok .  Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do ` everything in their power ' to find them .  But he said he could not promise they would find the missing girls .  A march was held in Abuja to mark the
Holidaymakers watched cannonball be fired from wooden trebuchet at Warwick Castle .  The display ended in catastrophe when sparks ignited roof of ancient boathouse .  Boathouse , which overlooks River Avon , was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at 5.45 pm yesterday .  Witness Heather Taylor , 42 , said : ` There was a lot of panic and people were scrambling up the bank because they had
Arsenal Under-21s were beaten 3-2 by Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium .  Gunners goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes .  Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty .  Boro built up a two-goal lead before half-time through Lewis Maloney and Yanic Wildschut .  Daniel Crowley pulled one back for Arsenal on the hour mark .
Interferogram over Kathmandu , Nepal , generated from two Sentinel-1A scans on 17 and 29 April 2015 -- before and after the 25 April earthquake .  Each ` fringe ' of colour represents about 3cm of deformation .  This translates to more than 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metre -RRB- of uplift .  These are the first radar images to reveal the destruction caused by the 7-magnitude earthquake that killed 5,000
Care staff say they are being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses .  These include changing catheter and colostomy bags , feeding through a tube and even administering morphine .  The worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison .  More than three-quarters asked for more training to cope with the extra procedures but only
Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club .  The Tynecastle coach says external interest in his players is inevitable .  Neilson 's side take on Celtic in the Championship on Sunday .  Ronny Deila admitted Danny Wilson is on his list of potential replacements for Jason Denayer and Virgil van Dijk , linked with Sunderland and Southampton .  Owner Ann Budge
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Lisa Webb , 34 , moved to France with her husband in 2009 .  Was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers .  When offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter 's lunch breaks , she witnessed tots using ` grown-up knives and forks ' and eating everything put in front of them .  Fast forward five years
The Indiana ` ghost cane ' is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a Louisiana slave master .  Bruno Amadio 's portrait of a weeping child was thought to have been cursed .  The 200-year old ` chair of death ' was the most famous of hundreds of priceless historical artefacts kept at Baelroy Mansion in Philadelphia .  The haunted bunk beds of Wisconsin
Hafeez Bhatti , 33 , and his wife , Khalida , 26 , were in Sydney for just a day when they were abused by a middle-aged woman .  Stacey Eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as ` ISIS terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .  NSW police sources said a formal investigation is ` definitely ' under way
Porto face Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final .  The Portuguese side are the only undefeated side in the competition .  Julen Lopetegui says his side have plenty of room to improve .  Pep Guardiola 's former Barcelona team-mate will take on his former club .  Bayern beat Shakhtar Donetsk 7-0 after a 0-0 first leg first leg .
Ninety condos on the beach in Westhampton were obliterated by flames on Wednesday afternoon .  It is not known what started the blaze . which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings .  Firefighters were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes .  The Sandpiper complex is used as a holiday home by residents between May
Wanquan Castle was given the coveted title of ` Wucheng ' or ` Martial City ' after its construction in 1393 .  fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall .  The fortress in Zhangjiakou , in China 's northern Hebei province , has huge historical , cultural and military significance .  It is known in China as a ` living fossil of the
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game to move the Blues within two wins of winning the title .  Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do .  ` When mathematically it 's done , we celebrate . Until that moment we need two victories to be champions , ' he said .
Sevdet Besim , 18 , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court .  He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an ` ISIS inspired ' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony following the raids .  A number of ` edged weapons ' - including knives and swords-were seized at
One in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort .  Lance Lara , 10 , from Fort Worth , Texas , was crowned world champion last year .  His older brother Joe , 15 , and sister Jayden , seven , have also entered into competitions all over the US .  Cody Custer , a former bull riding world champion , it is becoming
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya .  Real Madrid have appealed against the yellow card shown to their star forward for diving in the penalty area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano .  The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday .
Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez 's shot .  Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday .  The Australian is due to marry long-term girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the final .  The 30-year-old apologised to fans for his error after the game .  Reading boss Steve Clarke expects him to start against Birmingham on
Arsenal are 10 points clear of Chelsea in the Premier League .  Arsene Wenger 's side have won 11 of their last 12 games .  The Gunners have won just once in the last three games .  But they are still in the hunt for the title next year .  Wenger and Arsenal 's board do n't get fooled into thinking they have got all the tools they need at
Topshop and Topman is set to launch a second Sydney store .  The store will open at Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April .  This is the seventh UK-owned store to open in Australia .  H & M and 21 will also open in Sydney 's Pitt Street Mall later this year .
Labour leader 's looks proved a hit with Twitter users during debate .  Vine of Mr Miliband smouldering into the camera took the internet by storm .  One fan likened him to Hansel , a character from modelling comedy Zoolander .  Another said : ` Ed seducing the ladies with his patter . He 's so hot right now , just like Hansel # leadersdebate # zoolander '  The 45-year-old
Jordan Ibe has been out for the last six weeks with a knee injury .  The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments in a Europa League tie against Besiktas .  Ibe was awarded the Man-of-the-Match for the Merseyside derby on February 6 .  Brendan Rodgers will include Ibe in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday .  Mario Balotelli has been sidelined for the past two games .  If Louis van
Saskia 's boyfriend made her take an Arsenal test and did n't dump her .  The test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions .  She scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 , to which he said , ` Well done Saskaa ! As a result , I will not be dumping you ! -LRB- Lucky you -RRB- '  She also posted snaps of
Vera Maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man .  She was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August .  But she has now admitted killing five more people over a four-year period .  She injected potassium straight into the blood stream of her patients .  All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital .
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia .  The 23-year-old landed a role in the new sitcom ` Ismol Family ' in 2014 .  She learned Filipino language Tagalog to score a role on the show .  The multi-talented youngster is also embarking on a singing career .  Ms Moon will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April
Graziano Pelle has not scored in his last 13 Premier League games .  The Italy striker scored against England on Tuesday .
Researchers sketching out a ` wiring diagram ' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the Internet .  They say the animal 's cerebral cortex is ` like a mini-Internet '  The first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll .  The Internet has countless local area networks that then connect
Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly .  The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment .  A note on the cardboard container , left on a woman 's car , indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died .
Graeme Finlay , 53 , accused of beating Ronald and June Phillips on cruise ship .  Pair were on Thomson Celebration liner off Lanzarote when incident happened .  Mr Finlay claims he was attacked by Ron Phillips , 70 , wielding his crutch .  British Gas engineer , who was travelling alone , said he acted in self-defence .  He told court : ` I felt myself being struck by
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his # 2million home to his children .  It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims .  His flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March last year .  The same month that police raided his Westminster office and three months after they swooped on his home .  His legal team said
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of England cricket .  The former England captain has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison .  He is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart .  If the director is to be Vaughan then he will command overall responsibility for coaching and
David Moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving home with Rafal Cegielka , 45 .  Pair had both wound down their car windows outside St John 's Primary School in Burnley .  Moore then jumped out of his car , and punched him in the face .  Moore then ripped away a fencing panel and chased victim 's vehicle with it .  He then armed himself
A 51-year-old woman has been charged with assault , going armed in public as to cause fear , disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass .  The incident took place in Cloverdale , east Perth , on Saturday afternoon .  She verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at them .  The woman , who works as a chef , insists she was the victim .  WA police
Alissa Sizemore , from Vernal , Utah , was seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it .  Alissa had to have her right leg amputated below the knee but was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible .  The eight-year-old chose Colbie Caillat 's hit Try for her first solo dance performance .  The teary-eyed audience was so moved by
Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury .  The Manchester United striker will have one year left on his contract at the end of the season .  Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in signing Van Persie .  Real Madrid , Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market for back-up strikers .  United could make a move for PSG striker
Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat .  The boxer posted the pictures while driving his car in Fremont , California .  Police are yet to say if they will look into the pictures .  Khan was convicted of driving without due car and attention in 2006 .
Woman , believed to be in her 20s , fell into the water after her punt hit another boat in Cambridge .  The tourist , who was standing up on the punt ferrying three friends , screamed for help each time she resurfaced .  Two of her friends jumped in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft to help pull her out
Lee Thompson was an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in Libya , the revolution in Egypt , the tsunami in Japan and other travels .  He co-founded The Flash Pack , a small group flashpacking tour company .  On one of his tours he captured a man with scores of live chickens in weaved baskets in Sapa , Vietnam .  In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United .  The Brazil international signed a new five-year contract with the club in February .  Jamie Carragher believes Couttnho can replace Luis Suarez as Liverpool 's go-to man .  The Liverpool star signed a # 8.5 m move from Inter Milan in January 2013 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Colby Ramos-Francis , now 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid .  But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand .  His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad .  The NHS does not routinely remove the type of tumour
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year .  Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals .  Mr Taylor says the proposal has ` horrified ' authorities in Bali .  Also of concern is
Margaret Tyler , 71 , was at the Lindo Wing for the birth of Prince Andrew .  Self-confessed royal ` superfan ' John Loughery , 60 , was also there .  He was the only member of the public to attend every day of the 2008 inquest into Diana 's death .  Mrs Tyler , an avid collector of royal memorabilia , says she considers the royals to be part
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final .  Izzy Brown scored twice and Dominic Solanke also scored for the Blues .  The Blues are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions .  They will face Manchester City next week in their fifth final in six seasons .  The Blues beat Atletico Madrid and Roma to reach the final of the competition .  The Blues have won
The Jacksons , who live in Mount Holly , New York , were stationed at Picatinny Arsenal , a military installation about 40 miles west of New York City , when the abuse occurred between 2005 and 2010 .  They had three biological children who showed no signs of abuse .  But they disciplined their three foster children by withholding food and water as punishment and by hitting them with
Duchess of Cambridge , 33 , due to give birth at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , London .  Due date initially reported as yesterday , but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday .  Sources say doctors may have already spoken to her about possibility of being induced .  Prince George was born three days late when he arrived at hospital in July 2013 .  Joint favourite
Karen Buckley , 24 , disappeared from a Glasgow nightclub in the early hours of Sunday morning .  She told friends she was going to the loo but failed to collect her coat .  CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car .  But police said they have tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect .
Ryan Bertrand took to Instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter .  The Southampton left back got his daughter a red Ferrari just like his own .  Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton so far this season .  Ronald Koeman 's side currently sit sixth in the Premier League .
Tonya Stack allegedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle .  She ` flipped me the bird ' as soon as she spotted him at fundraiser in Philadelphia `  Claims she retaliated by hurling the dark , sticky liquid at him .  He and Lt Gov Mike Stack , both Democrats , have been at the center of a political row .
Ivan Milat is serving seven life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992 .  He has been locked up in Goulburn 's Supermax jail for almost 20 years .  Milat 's letters detail his correspondence with women from the United States , Japan and Australia in the years he has been behind prison bars .  The 55-year-old former Rebels bikie gang member has compiled
Detectives investigating the Hatton Garden gem heist missed crucial CCTV footage so far .  The ` crystal clear ' footage was handed into the Metropolitan Police by a worker .  The worker had reportedly contacted 101-the police non-emergency number-on Monday last week .  He believed detectives would already have similar images of the # 60m raid .  But even though police raced to obtain the CCTV once the report was
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive .  The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner , attended by Princess Anne .  The Queen , joined by the Duke of Edinburgh , Prince William and political leaders , led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall .  Earlier , Charles and Harry
Real Madrid 's international stars took part in training on Wednesday .  Cristiano Ronaldo was pictured greeting Gareth Bale .  Martin Odegaard , 16 , is the youngest player to start a Euro qualifier .  Los Blancos face La Liga 's 19th-placed side at the Bernabeu in an 11am kick-off .
Lazio clinched a spot in the final of the Coppa Italia on Wednesday .  They secured a 1-0 victory over Napoli -LRB- 2-1 on aggregate -RRB- on Wednesday .  Defender Mauricio captured the celebrations of the Lazio fans using a selfie stick .  Lazio will now face Juventus in the competition on June 7 .
Kendra Moad of Kearns , Utah followed her grandfather , who has not been named , out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway .  He did not see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her .  This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member .
Lindsey Vonn made another appearance in Augusta on Thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend Tiger Woods as he struggled to get back into form after back surgery last year .  Vonn appeared tense as Tiger struggled to prove he 's still No . 1 worldwide -- and not No . 111 , where his rank plummeted following back surgery .  The Olympic gold medalist most recently won her 67th
The owner of the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele .  Zach Yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces .  He uses a spoon and a barbecue skewer , which he dips in dark chocolate .  The service started out as a simple novelty when the owner began etching rabbits
Hartlepool face Carlisle United in the League Two on Saturday 2 May .  Fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for the game .  The anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some fans .  They have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to fans who decide to ` black up '  Fans have a history of fancy dress , travelling as the Smurfs to Charlton in
Australia 's Aaron Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians in their Indian Premier League match against Rajasthan Royals .  The World Cup-winner must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire in the summer .  Finch is set to return to Yorkshire to take part in all formats once the IPL season is finished .  He tweeted : ` Looks
Jack Nicklaus added another magic moment to his storied career at Augusta National .  The Golden Bear added another hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest .  Nicklaus was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw .  The 75-year-old saw his achievement eclipsed by that of Camilo Villegas .  Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam .
Audrey Bolte told the Ohio court she was expecting to meet Ryan Poston on the night he was shot by his girlfriend Shayna Hubers .  Poston , 29 , was shot dead by Hubers on October 12,2012 , during which she allegedly ` cackled ' with glee .  Hubers , who was 21 at the time , denies murdering Poston and claims she shot him in self-defense .  Jurors were
Newcastle boss John Carver is set to strip Fabricio Coloccini of the club captaincy .  The former Argentina defender has been skipper since 2011 .  The Magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year and that has infuriated coaching staff .  Daryl Janmaat will be given the armband during the summer .  Carver said : ` We need to give the captaincy to
Liam Treadwell won the Grand National on Venetia Williams-trained Mon Mome in 2009 .  Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides .  Monbeg Dude is owned by rugby union players headed by Mike Tindall .
Andros Townsend hails Harry Kane as the ` best finisher ' he has played with .  Kane made his England debut as a substitute against Lithuania on Friday .  Townsend scored in a 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night .  Townsend says he has always told people that Kane is the best he has ever played with .  The Tottenham Hotspur team-mate says he should get a
Veronica ` Roni ' Gonzalez was returning from her engagement party .  She and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble .  They stopped to help victims of an earlier crash in Fort Worth , Texas .  Eight to ten vehicles were involved in the horrific accident .  Of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds
Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula prayed at half-time at Anfield last month .  The men had rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand .  The incident was captured on a mobile phone camera by Stephen Dodd .  He tweeted the photograph with the caption ` Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday # DISGRACE '  Liverpool FC is investigating , saying
Radamel Falcao has not scored for Manchester United in the Premier League .  The Colombian striker has been limited to substitute appearances of late .  He was denied space and room to breathe by the presence of Chelsea 's captain John Terry .  Eden Hazard scored the opening goal at Stamford Bridge after 38 minutes .  The Blues striker looked like a man short of match fitness , the usual
Ronnie Tran , two , and his mother kidnapped from home in Des Moines , Washington .  Mother , 40 , was bound with plastic ties before being driven to a house in Fife .  She managed to untie herself , but had to flee without her son , police said .  The boy 's paternal grandmother , 65-year-old Vien Nguyen , is still at large .
Nicola Sturgeon said of independence vote : ` We have always said it 's a once in a generation thing '  But last night she said she respected last year 's result and said she would not call for another plebiscite .  She said : ` I ' m offering to help make Ed Miliband prime minister . I do n't want to see Tories in Downing Street `  Scottish
Jason Matthews , 40 , left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the race .  When he finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it .  He spent hours searching for his car , even retracing some of the marathon route .  Good Samaritan Adam Coppin gave up his day off to join the search .  He found his
Shae-Lee Shackleford , 28 , Lana Kington , 25 , Madison Lloyd , 27 , appeared on The Ellen Show .  SketchShe video of themselves miming to Bohemian Rhapsody has gone viral .  Their original video , ` Bohemian Carsody ' and ` Mime Through Time ' have now had 260 million views .  The trio were a struggling comedy sketch group trying to make ends meet .  A year
Kenwyne Jones came from the bench late on to score within three minutes of his Bournemouth debut .  Freddie Sears scored from close range to put Ipswich ahead at Portman Road .  Bournemouth dominated the match , but had to wait until the 82nd minute for Jones to power in a header .  ` We scored an un-Bournemouth goal , ' manager Eddie Howe said afterwards .  ` We have
Francis Pusok , 30 , allegedly stole a horse in Hesperia , California , on Thursday .  He was seen riding the horse through the desert of San Bernardino on Thursday .  NBC helicopter was following him as he fell off the horse .  They stun him with a Taser before kicking him in the groin .  He was taken to a hospital with unknown injuries .  San Bernardino County
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor has been called off .  Police were called to The Esplanade at Surfers Paradise on March 26 .  They found the snake at the base of a tree and released it into the wild .  Biosecurity Queensland officers say the snake is n't a harmless Australian python .  There are fears if the boa is pregnant there could be up to
Pep Guardiola and Roman Abramovich met in Paris in the summer of 2012 .  The former Barcelona coach made it clear that he craves stability .  Abra Movich 's track record with managers had not been good .  Manchester City are under threat as they fight for fourth place in the Bundesliga .  Manuel Pellegrini 's position at the Etihad Stadium is under threat .  Manchester City have won four
EU leaders agree to lay groundwork for military action against human traffickers .  British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin expected to be sent .  Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi calls measures ` a giant step forward '  But other EU leaders are less optimistic , with Malta 's prime minister .  Two dozen wooden caskets containing the only bodies recovered from a weekend capsizing off Libya were
A study by cleaning equipment company , Kärcher , revealed six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week .  One in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far .  A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before .  Other top ranking ` cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the plug hole ,
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province , north of Baghdad , on Friday .  His body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health .  Civilians , members of the armed forces and photographers tried to get a closer look at the 72-year-old 's body .  He was ranked sixth on the US military 's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis
David Cameron has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion .  He said he made ` no apology ' for focusing on the economy , insisting : ` Nothing matters more '  He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed , saying Labour sneers at those who work hard , his party backs them .  Tories will today unveil a separate manifesto for small businesses , calling them
Mark Hughes wants to expand the Britannia Stadium pitch to suit his side 's passing style .  The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m .  The Potters ` current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League .  QPR 's Loftus Road and Tottenham 's White Hart Lane are the smallest pitches in the top-flight .  Arsenal , Manchester City , Manchester United
Hillary Rodham Clinton is making her first campaign visit to New Hampshire , a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 campaign and her husband 's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind .  ` We will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and attacks , ' she said after a roundtable event at a children 's furniture factory .  ` It 's not enough
Pet aquarium fish are invading WA 's waterways .  Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg .  In the south-west of Western Australia 90 % of the fish and 100 % of crayfish are only found there .  In 2012 , the world 's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA .  Dr David Morgan , the
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler .  She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her clutching a M4 assault rifle began circulating online .  A tattoo saying ` Nino ' , the same as the one seen on her right forearm , is also seen in the cooler .  She is the third woman with that nickname
A four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the White House under lockdown .  The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon .  ` Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents ' following the incident , Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said .  The incident is the second lockdown
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation -LRB- CMB -RRB- of the universe .  At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found .  But some ` exotic physics ' is also needed to explain what 's happening .  In 2004 astronomers first found the ` Cold Spot ' - a region 20 per cent less dense
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer .  Piers Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Arsene Wenger .  Morgan says the club would be a ` perfect ' fit for the ` dynamic , driven young winner '
Neil MacGregor , 68 , has been at the helm of the British Museum since 2002 .  He said it was ` a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years .  He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster .  His Radio 4 series A History of the World in 100 Objects was inspired by the collection .
Tony Degrafreed , of Indianapolis , Indiana , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca , 47 , at their home on July 20,2014 .  Marion County prosecutor 's office filed the request on Monday , for life without the chance of parole .  Rebecca , who worked at IU Methodist Hospital , died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips , 67 , ` constantly harassed ' them .  Mr Phillips accused Coplestons of putting garden gate up on communal land .  Retired Mr Phillips , treasurer of local Neighbourhood Watch scheme , took matter to council planners .  Footage caught Mr Phillips fiddling with gate 's lock , waving and smiling at camera .  He was also seen setting off a motion
The Norfolk Southern train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121 , near Trenton , South Carolina , shortly after 8.30 pm on Friday night .  At the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia-a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air .  The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak , sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation .  It is
US Army Staf Sgt Julian McDonald of Columbus , Ohio has welcomed 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home .  Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with Sgt . McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47 .  ` She saved our lives and I owed it to her to obviously save hers ,
Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt 's home .  But officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag .  Mr Hunt , from Normanton , Derby , said he had told Lily , 5 , that her beloved pet had gone to heaven .  But he could not bring himself to tell her why and called
Chernobyl nuclear explosion site and nearby ghost town of Pripyat , Ukraine , have seen an increase in tourist interest .  April 26,2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the disaster , which was one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen .  Kiev-based tour company , SoloEast , estimates that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year .  The Exclusion Zone , a nearly 50kilometre
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a manager .  Petr Cech , Sergio Ramos , Michael Essien , Frank Lampard , Eden Hazard , Ashley Cole , John Terry , Michael Hazard and Sergio Ramos .  Chelsea captain John Terry has captained the Blues at Stamford Bridge .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Hina Shamim , 21 , was killed as she walked to the library in Kingston , London .  The talented student was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week .  Friends have described her as ` the loveliest person you could ever meet '  A 34-year-old BMW driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .  He was taken to hospital along with his five passengers
Michael Carrick has been instrumental in Manchester United 's recent run of good form .  Louis van Gaal has identified Borussia Dortmund 's Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term successor to Carrick .
More than 1,000 adults were questioned for the research by Ipsos Mori .  They were asked to give various issues a score of between one and 10 .  A score of one meant a policy should not be implemented while 10 was taken to mean it should be put into action immediately .  The most popular policy was increasing the minimum wage for those aged over 21 .  Giving the
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .  He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling cost of living .  But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK .  Labour confirmed it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm .  Labour frontbenchers have expressed concerns
Shayna Hubers , 24 , has been charged with murder in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old Ryan Poston .  Poston was shot six times inside his condominium in Highland Heights , Ohio , on October 12,2012 .  Poston 's family described his relationship with Hubers as tumultuous and said that the woman was trying to end it .  Hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense
Robert Bates , from Tulsa , Oklahoma , spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday .  He became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched undercover gun-sale operation on April 2 .  The reserve deputy turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter and was released after posting a $
Intrepid Travel will not take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11 .  Travelers who are planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund .  British Foreign Office has advised tourists in Nepal to follow the advice from local authorities .  The company run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year .  The group has been running tours to the
Stefania La Greca , 36 , is running to represent Caldoro in southern Italy .  She is a candidate for the Lega Sud Ausonia party which wants independece .  Photos of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral ahead of May elections .  But she has defended her pictures and said they were not an attempt to boost her campaign .  She said : ` I have not posted intimate
Incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia .  It shows a man lying in foetal position on the conveyor .  Other passengers seem more concerned with spotting their luggage .
Andrea Yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their home in 2001 .  Russell ` Rusty ' Yates has since remarried and has a five-year-old son .  He has slammed her murder trial as the ` cruelest thing he 's ever witnessed '  He said her actions were ` completely a result of her illness ' and she was a good mother .  She was convicted of capital
Scott Kaiser captured the footage in Santa Barbara , California .  He filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water .  He said the bird looked majestic , content and relaxed at this point in the clip .  On display appears to be the birdelican 's tongue and inner bill anatomy .
Alondra Luna Nunez , 14 , was taken away from her family by federal police in Guanajuato , Mexico last week .  She was taken to live with Dorotea Garcia , who believed she was her long-lost daughter .  Garcia says she found her daughter after she traveled to Mexico in search of her daughter who was illegally taken from Texas by her father in 2007 at age four .
Superyachts can sell for more than # 50million , while others cost # 400,000 a week to charter .  Sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests .  One owner from Europe threw a party with two live Siberian tigers on board .  The tigers were held in glass cages on the aft deck ,
Madeline Luciano , 40 , was fired after allegedly encouraging pupils to bully girl .  Pupils at PS 18 , in Manhattan , wrote words like ` ugly ' and ` phony ' on board .  It only stopped when the girl started crying , she says .  Ms Luciano says it was meant to teach them they should be kinder to each other .  She has now launched court
Aidan Turner , 31 , has been signed up for a second series of BBC period drama Poldark .  The Cornwall-set drama has helped BBC1 to an ` outstanding start ' this year .  8.1 million people on average have watched each episode of the period drama .  Follows Captain Ross Polderk after he returns from the American War of Independence .  He returns to find that his father has
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $ 270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection .  Storey wrote in 2007 , ` I 'd love to harvest your sweet grapes , ' and called the ` most gorgeous thing alive '  Storey testified that he never intended for her to find or read
Will Stack , 22 , is a U.S. . Army National Guardsman from South Carolina .  He was stopped for ` improper use of median ' in Lexington County , South Carolina .  In selfie-style video , he explains why he is telling his story .  Says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said .  In the past few days , thousands of Facebook users have
Aaron Murphy scored twice as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons 38-14 .  Murphy , player of the month for February and March , has now scored six tries .  Scott Dureau , Elliot Whitehead , Leroy Cudjoe and Leroy Bousquet all scored for Huddersfield .
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest .  Forest 's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the City Ground .  Freedman replaced Stuart Pearce at the club in February .
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked , but might not be frequently cleaned .  According to medical experts , festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu , Norovirus , Salmonella , and even hepatitis A .  New permanent restrooms on the festival grounds include 324 private
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington , D.C. . , that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr . will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital .  One of his interests is music , and he sings and plays the guitar .  He also participated in music therapy .  He has been allowed freedom in stages . He
Kristen Lindsey , 31 , from Brenham , Texas , allegedly shot the animal down .  She said : ` The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it 's head '  But local rescue center say the cat , believed to be called Tiger , was domesticated .  Lindsey said in a comment : ` Like someone would get rid of me . I ' m
Broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage .  Sulforaphane in its natural form is too unstable to turn into a medicine .  But UK drug company has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical .  A single dose of the drug , known as Sulforadex or SFX-01 , is the equivalent of eating 5.5 lb of broccoli in one day .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico , California .  Claims he was wrestled to the floor by two officers who hit him with baton or stick .  Reardon claims he was subjected to violence ` without provocation ' and suffered respiratory failure .  He was in ICU for 4 days and suffered multiple broken bones , including ribs , nose and sternum .  Reardon has
The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate link between head injuries and early on-set dementia .  A coroner found Jeff Astle 's brain ` resembled that of a boxer 's '  But a Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out .  West Brom paid tribute to Astle on ` Astle Day ' , the former Baggies striker at the age of
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated .  The 43-year-old will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month 's awards .  She will compete with Ant and Dec , Graham Norton and Leigh Francis .  Sir Bruce Forsyth , 87 , said : ` It was never the show I thought it would be '  Other Bafta hopefuls include Broadchurch star
Juventus face AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday .  Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a ` boring ' match .  The Juventus boss believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach .  The Italian giants beat Borussia Dortmund 5-1 on aggregate in the last 16 .  Andrea Pirlo has returned to training after a calf injury .
Marcus , 13 , called 911 after fire broke out on the first floor of his home .  He told the dispatcher that his older brother , mother and step-father were also in the home .  He stayed calm throughout the 11-minute call and was rescued along with his 9-year-old sister .  Prince George 's County firefighters were able to enter the room by breaking a window .  The siblings
Lord Tebbit hit out at David Cameron for not being a ` real man '  Former Tory party chairman said the PM has never had a ` proper job '  He said the Prime Minister had done nothing except be a special adviser .  He also suggested Tory voters north of the border vote tactically for Labour .  Madonna was criticised for paying an unapologetic tribute to Margaret Thatcher .
Blackpool fans set up campaign to raise money for pensioner who is being sued by club 's owners .  Frank Knight , 67 , posted an apology on his Facebook account last week .  He said he had agreed to pay damages of # 20,000 to the club .  Over 1,000 supporters met the target in just three days .
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney 's free-kicks if he could have one of his qualities .  The 19-year-old would like Robin van Persie 's movement and Radamel Falcao 's predatory instincts in the 18-yard box .  Wilson has scored one Premier League goal this season .
India Mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted .  She had been riding just metres ahead of her father and a member of staff .  The incident happened at a riding facility in Matheran 20 miles east of Mumbai .  She was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival .
Richie Benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities .  He will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge .  He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests .  He was a master with the microphone to his lips , Benaud also was well-liked .  Benaud 's comments on Shane Warne 's World Cup final were captured by Star Sports .  He
Sharon Edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on March 14 in Grafton , NSW .  Her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed any of her bank or social media accounts .  The ` dedicated ' teacher did not show up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School on March 16 and her estranged husband reported her missing the next day .
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium in the Aviva Premiership .  Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick , Ashley Johnson , Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua all scored tries .  The Exiles have won just one of their previous five matches in all competitions .  The win keeps their top-six hopes alive in the table for the first time in 15 years .  The Wasiles are now bottom
Charles Dunstone signed a letter backing Labour in the 2005 election .  Earlier this month he signed a Letter backing the Conservatives for this one .  He said : ` I back whatever works ' and believes David Cameron and George Osborne deserve credit .  The former Carphone Warehouse boss said Mr Cameron deserved credit for turning the economy .  He said we need a government that backs business ,
The group , calling themselves Hookers For Hillary , all work at Dennis Hof 's Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City .  The legal brothel , which was the subject of HBO 's Cathouse , has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement .
Nico Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of deliberately compromising his race at last weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix by slowing down .  Former world champion Mika Hakkinen said Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself .  ` You do n't think about the guy behind you , what he is feeling , how his car is handling or how you want his car to handle at the end
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night .  Beatrize Carrion-Moore , 23 , was accused of kicking a deputy in the groin .  She then offered him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card .  She was charged with trespassing after warning , resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer .
The tags came from World War II veteran Cpl . William Benn .  Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year .
A 51-year-old mother fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter .  Fiona said she knew the assailant had ` picked the wrong lady '  She pushed him from her Perth home on Thursday night .  She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage .  The man , who had a thick , possibly Middle Eastern accent , fled easterly .
The Mail on Sunday was voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in row .  Ben Ellery 's report which revealed the truth about Ed Miliband 's feminist t-shirts earned a Scoop of the year nomination .  Our market share saw sales outperform the rest of the Sunday market , with our market share reaching a new record of 21.9 per cent .
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season .  Watford are one point off the top of the Championship with five games to play .  Deeney won the Championship 's Player of the Month award for March .  He believes he can follow in the path of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings by becoming a Premier League hit .  Deeney and Odion Ighalo have scored 39
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour 's Alan Johnson in Hull West and Hessle .  Mr Whitehead claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming ` disgusted ' at Tory behaviour .  He said he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor .  Spokesman for the Tories said : ` This man is not our candidate for Hull West & Hessle '  Mr Whitehead said he could
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United .  The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer .  The 24-year-old 's ribs are expected to rule him out for around six weeks .  United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire .  United hope to fend off interest from Liverpool , Bayern Munich and Paris St Germain
Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario Del Fabro , Marco Silvestri , Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani withdrew from the squad ahead of Saturday 's match against Charlton .  Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy .  The Italian has now distanced himself from any possible conspiracy theory .  The club released a statement looking to draw
Pelvic organ prolapse , or POP , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs-including the womb -- becomes weak .  Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree , far fewer seek help .  Many who do are offered just one solution : a hysterectomy .  Procedure , called a sacrohysteropexy , is rare , with just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three
Vandal smashed window of upmarket estate agents Foxtons in Brixton .  ` No evictions ' and ` yuppies ' spray painted on housing advertisements .  One man arrested on suspicion of criminal damage by police .  Reclaim Brixtons organiser Cyndi Anaso said she was ` saddened ' by the vandalism .  But she said there could be a reason Foxtons has been ` continuously targeted '  Foxtons is considered as
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour .  He has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up .  Finn says he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months '  The 26-year-old is ready to push for an England place .
Disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman is said to have played the race card to silence opponents .  His deputy Oliur Rahman appeared to blame vote-rigging scandal on ` institutional racism '  The 34-year-old said there was deep-rooted racism in Tower Hamlets .  Comment was at odds with ruling condemning him for bribery and voter fraud .  On Thursday , electoral judge found that Rahman and his cronies had rigged the
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze got together with girlfriends Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel on Sunday night .  The World Cup winning duo attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children 's Hospital .
Former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton got her budding presidential campaign 's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attacks on Tuesday night .  ` Mrs . Clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about Bengh Libya ? ' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal .  The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared wordlessly , continued
Queen Elizabeth I tried to ban hot cross buns , possibly finding the cross a little too Catholic .  Now supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers .  From miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon .  Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross Buns on offer this Easter .  She says they look lovely but were n't big on
Patrick Vieira 's Manchester City Under 21s were beaten 2-1 by West Ham .  Dan Potts opened the scoring for the Hammers with an own goal .  Adam Drury 's own goal gave West Ham a two-goal lead .  Olivier Ntcham pulled back a goal for City but it was not enough .  City 's Barclays Under 21 Premier League title hopes took a hit .  CLICK HERE for all
Scientists at the University of Missouri studied 11-month-olds because they were old enough to sit and watch the ball and to pick it up and play with it .  When they were given the ball to play with , they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret .  The babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the
The buildings in Kathmandu , the capital of Nepal , are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site .  But several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble after the quake .  The 200ft tower was built in 1832 by prime minister Bhimsen Thapa as a gift to the queen , who was also his niece .  It had
John Terry scored in Chelsea 's 3-1 win away at Leicester on Wednesday .  The 34-year-old has scored seven goals in all competitions for the Blues this season .  Terry is joint joint third-highest goalscorer at the top of the Premier League .  Radamel Falcao has scored just four goals on loan at Manchester United .  Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert have failed to replace the void left by Luis
Andre Gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity .  Claims he became suspicious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look .  Also claims the ` bunker ' ` could also be a corridor leading to
The American Idol runner-up body-slammed Rep . Renee Ellmers on Monday 's Howard Stern Show , calling her a ` b * * ch ' and an ` idiot '  The 51-year-old congresswoman captured 58.8 per cent of the vote on her way to a third term , compared with Aiken 's 41.2 per cent .  He won the Democratic primary when his chief rival , businessman Keith Crisco ,
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend-now in its 18th year-is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , Tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair .  Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino .  ` It 's good clean fun ,
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram .  The 18-year-old said she had been bullied about her appearance and weight .  Sofia is Roman 's daughter by Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina .  The pair had five children and split in 2007 .  Sofia said : ` Any rude , offensive or explicit comment wo n't be deleted or blocked '  She added : ` Starting
Jamie Peacock broke his try drought with a double for Leeds .  The 37-year-old Rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months .  Ash Handley , Rob Burrow and Zak Hardaker scored tries for the Red Devils .  Salford 's last home win was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in 1993 .  Salford are without the suspended Rangi Chase and Weller Hauraki .  Under-19
Audio of a woman 's cell phone call to 911 -- in which she said she 'd been locked and trapped in a trunk -- has been released .  The unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland , Colorado , police said in a news release .  In the phone call , the dispatcher asked ` 911 , what 's the address of the emergency
Ed Miliband read from motivational notes during leaders ` debate .  Cribsheet prompts him to turn a ` negative ' into a ` positive '  Reveals he had planned a number of the put-downs he used on David Cameron .  Accuses PM of promising to eliminate deficit and failing , and urges viewers to ` use their vote as a weapon to fight for the NHS by kicking David Cameron
Shows such as Poldark , Vikings , Outlander and Game of Thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal and asking them to get down and dirty for their art .  Aidan Turner has been catapulted into the spotlight with his ` Poldarks and handsome ' appeal responsible for soaring viewing figures .  Travis Fimmel , who stars in the show Vikings , is
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports ` annual survey .  This year it was rated number 67 , the second worst supermarket .  Walmart was joined by A & P -LRB- rated number 66 -RRB- and Waldbaum 's -LRB- number 68 -RRB- , which each earned 64 points-the lowest out of the supermarkets surveyed .  America 's favorite supermarket , taking
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers .  Comes after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster .  Guidance issued by the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure -LRB- CPNI -RRB- recommends continuous psychological assessment of key employees .  But a BA pilot claimed the airline did not carry out mental health checks .  Three-quarters of insider acts
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip , having been kept like slaves .  They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching .  The Indonesian delegation began interviewing men on boats and assessing the situation on the island this week .  They have been told
Amol Gupta , from Manhattan , is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow , and also injuring his spine .  Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .  According to court papers filed in Gupta 's lawsuit ,
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn .  The petition currently has over 120,000 signatures .  The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy .
CBS political analyst John Dickerson has been announced as the new host of Face the Nation , taking over from veteran broadcaster Bob Schieffer .  Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years , four of them as White House correspondent , and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign , the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010 .  The 78-year-old is expected
Peter Thurston , 80 , says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising , and he could n't buy a bigger vessel .  Two years ago he built the catamaran to take his mind off his recent divorce .  The ` catamavan ' has an oven , fridge freezer , shower , toilet , double bed and two tables , and it is fitted with a small engine
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies .  Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009 .  Bell shared century partnerships with Joe Root and Ben Stokes .
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar was involved in a head-on collision with a Toyota Kluger .  The crash happened on Easter Sunday night on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest , northern Sydney .  The $ 120,000 Jaguar was completely written off when it came up against the 4WD .  The three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .  NSW police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the crash .
Annegret Raunigk , 65 , is set to become the oldest mother of four in a single birth .  She has 13 children and is due to retire this year .
Marine Le Pen , 46 , has been named one of Time magazine 's 100 most influential people .  She spoke before a dinner in honour of the Time 100 gala in New York on Tuesday .  She said she represents a ` great political force ' in Europe .  Le Pen recently announced she would oppose her father , Jean-Marie , on his candidacy in France 's regional elections
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the ` respect he deserves ' when he returns to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .  A decent chunk of Arsenal 's fans feel he does n't deserve much .  One prominent fan called for the removal of a banner from the Ken Friar Bridge on Thursday .  Wenger was at his cryptic best on Thursday when asked if it was his
QPR face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday .  Chris Ramsey has praised Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country .  But Ramsey insists he wo n't need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger .  QPR are 19th in the Barclay 's Premier League table .  The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the
Kutner spent the day at Ulusaba , Sir Richard Branson 's private game reserve in South Africa 's Sabi Sands .  The luxury park is in the middle of the world 's most expensive game reserve .  It 's home to more than 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers last year .  They are increasingly difficult to view as they are becoming more difficult to see .  The day before ,
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ` faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine .  Thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue .  In the study , the researchers found that the temperature of the forehead and to
Richard Williams , 54 , spent # 50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica German Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope .  His ex-wife Laurel Howarth , 28 , was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs of # 1,017,505 .  Williams was jailed at Manchester Crown Court for a total of four
Madonna , 56 , performed her first stand-up routine on The Tonight Show on Thursday .  The queen of reinvention described herself as a ` closet comedian '  She told jokes about dating a 26-year-old man and her collection of Andy Warhol paintings .  The blonde bombshell rocked this all over Moschino look in the way only Madonna can .  She lent some bling to the proceedings with these Giuseppe
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern in the third round in Newcastle .  The American was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in third .  The 37-year-old was returning from a five-month lay-off with a stress fracture in his back .  Joshua admitted he was not at his best after his 11th professional victory .  CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Professor Ninian Peckitt , 63 , is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct a fracture caused by an industrial accident , a medical tribunal has heard .  He claimed he had simply ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face as part of hospital treatment .  But witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him , tribunal was told .  Professor Peckitt
The body of a New York woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour Sunday after she hung herself , police say .  The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave . near Prospect Place in Crown Heights .  One neighbor , 66-year-old Stella Wiley , who saw the woman walking
The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors .  The charities ` errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments , or in other instances , omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue .
Daniel Sturridge met up with comedian Darren Farley as part of a promotional video .  Farley impersonated club legend Michael Owen for BT Sport .  Owen played for Liverpool between 1996 and 2004 , scoring 118 league goals .  Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday .
Francis Bakvis discovered a dead scrub python on Sunday .  The 3.5 metre long snake contained the remains of his family cat Tiger .  The family cat had been missing for three days when it was discovered .  Bakvi said it was confronting for his partner and sons to find the long-term pet had died in such grisly circumstances .  He said the snake had struggled to properly swallow the
Tipu Sultan , 32 , was gunned down outside his takeaway in South Shields .  The father-of-two , who lived in Sunderland , was pronounced dead at the scene .  He was described as friendly and chatty with two lads on motorbike .  Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and in dark clothing .  Mr Sultan 's sister Jubli Begum said : ` My dad said one got
Firms offered to sell personal information to the Mail 's undercover team using data from lifestyle surveys completed by people who had been cold-called from overseas .  They claimed that calling offshore meant they could disregard the official Telephone Preference Service -LRB- TPS -RRB- .  While a brief disclaimer is read , bosses admitted victims do not realise answering the questions will lead to dozens of calls from different companies
Alaa Abdullah Esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year .  The 22-year-old posted 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers .  The messages included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in Syria .  She pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism .  She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences .
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey 's OWN TV , reveals just what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset .  The video titled , What Children Can Teach Us About Anger , is described as showing that ` you ' re never too old , or too young , to discover mindfulness and let anger go `  Mindfulness has become the latest
Max Verschuuren , 21 , was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest , North Island , when his friend mistook him for a deer .  He tumbled down the hill he was perched on , falling into the bushes in a desperate attempt to escape further bullets .  The keen hunter , from Whakatane , has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged
Eden Hazard , Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week 's best XI .  Everton 's Tim Howard was man of the match against Southampton .  Phil Jagielka scored what turned out to be the winning goal against Southampton .  Ander Herrera -LRB- 8.5 -RRB- was outstanding in QPR 's 4-1 win over West Brom .  James Ward-Prowse -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- and Antonio Valencia -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- were
Andras Janos Vass , 25 , found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering .  He lured gay men to the U.S. . with promises of easy work and high wages .  He made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work and threatened their families .  Vass faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison and will spend at least 21 behind bars .
Dawn Bainbridge , 47 , led a ` family business ' with her two daughters .  They stole thousands of pounds from high street stores and sold them online .  Their company ` Designer Goods North East ' took # 7,000 in online payments in four months .  One daughter boasted of making # 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone .  Judge jailed her for
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday .  She was driving a friend 's car 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia 's southeast .  The 25-year-old abandoned her car in the centre of Mount Gamsbier on Monday .  She contacted local authorities and told them she had been in Glenelg Conservation Park and that she was safe and well .
Director of television wants the sci-fi series to be turned into a movie .  But the creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop .  Leaked emails reveal BBC bosses want to turn the series into a blockbuster .
European Commission is asking companies who previously filed complaints against Google for permission to publish them .  If found to have been behaving unfairly , Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues , which would be more than # 4billion based on last year 's performance .  Decision to file charges would kick start the EU 's most prominent antitrust suit since its ten year-long campaign
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga .  He played for Derby on loan five years ago before moving to Rayo Vallecano .  He has just five goals in 29 games and could soon move to Porto .  The Spaniard is set to face his former club Real Madrid on Wednesday .
The SEC said two employees in FLIR 's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009 .  The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials , including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut , Casablanca , Dubai , New York and Paris .  The two former sales employees , Stephen Timms and Yasser Ramahi , agreed in November to settle
Angelina Santini from San Diego , California , filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day .  The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor .  After a few gentle rocks , he 's soon going at full speed with his arms waving in the air .  At the one-minute-30-second mark , Marcus shows no sign
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. . Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list .  In some cases , the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns .  The ACLU said the changes do n't go far enough in giving
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League .  Ramsey supports John Barnes ` view that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked .  QPR travel to face West Bromwich Albion on Saturday .  Ramsey believes that discrimination is n't exclusive to race and that the Rooney Rule-which obliges America 's NFL teams to interview minority candidates for top jobs-might be the
Group called Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets .  They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather .  Holly Leonard found an advert on Craigslist using a Nexus 5 phone .  She said : ` You ca n't even get a paper application for a lot of things '  The Bay Area have one of
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday .  The first-leg of the tie will take place at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday .  Defender Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best .  PSG 's star-studded squad includes the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Thiago Silva and Lucas Moura .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Actor Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and Vancouver police .  The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel , but he was left uninjured .  The Vancouver-born actor has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history .  The Stoke midfielder lobbed Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards .  That levelled the scores up at 1-1 at Stamford Bridge .  Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal .
Biometric scanning and iPad-controlled hotel rooms will soon be available .  Travel bookings will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon , says Skyscanner .  In the future , each of us may have an ` e-agent , ' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery , that goes everywhere with us .  In the next few years , we will be able to use predictive algorithms
Ilha de Mana , a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell , is about a mile off the mainland near the colonial town of Paraty , Brazil .  It boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat .  Guests can leap into the crystal clear sea or relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum is becoming a popular tourist destination .  Memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online .  It said there have been more than 250,000 visitors this year , a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year , which hit a record with 1.5 million .  Just 30 people are allowed to visit Auschwitz I-the original camp at
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the Admiral Rodney pub in Nottingham last month .  The # 7.99 ornament has been pictured sunning itself on a beach in Benidorm and Belfast .  The wooden statue even took a trip on the back of a camel on its travels .  Landlord Richard Stevenson , 32 , received a letter demanding a donation for the bird 's safe return .  The owl
The seven-car Maglev-short for ` magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph -LRB- 603 km / h -RRB- .  It travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph during a run near Mount Fuji .  It beat last week 's speeds of 366mph , which beat the train 's previous record of 361mph .  The train is able to go this fast because it makes use
Metropolitan police are assessing footage which appears to show fans singing a homophobic chant about Ashley Cole .  The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal 's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading .  The video has since been deleted from Twitter .
Ambra Battilana , 22 , accused Harvey Weinstein , 63 , of molesting her .  Italian model did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after initial report .  Weinstein allegedly groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his office in Manhattan .  Weinstein ` asked her if her breasts were real before touching them '  He also asked her for a kiss , she claimed
Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row .  Following years of tension , the Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post , just two miles from where Major Nidal Hasan had opened fire in a room of unarmed
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Barclays Premier League .  Marouane Fellaini 's recent performances have made him almost undroppable .  United currently sit fourth in the Premier League .  Van Gaal confirmed that Robin van Persie is still injured .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Hannah Moore , 20 , from Broxburn , West Lothian , shared photos of her post-childbirth body on Instagram .  She had shots of her stomach removed ` within two minutes ' of posting them .  The mum-of-twins said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away .  She said the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence '  Moore said : ` Nobody could get on my
Claudia Martins , 33 , gave birth alone at her sister 's flat in Knowle , Bristol .  Paramedics were called after she was found sitting in the bath with ` a lot of blood '  She wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid it in a suitcase .  Martins , a Portuguese national , had kept her pregnancy secret from family and friends .
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character .  He clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test in Barbados .  Stokes should not live up to his reputation and become pigeon-holed .  He can use his aggression to bring runs and wickets to the England team .
Tracy Morgan was spotted out with his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven in New Jersey on Monday .  It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others .  Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg , a broken nose and broken ribs in the multi-vehicle
Jacques Burger received a one-week ban for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend 's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris .  Namibia flanker will be available to face Clermont Auvergne on April 18 .  Burger will miss Saracens ` Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester .
Katia Apalategui 's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his pillow .  This inspired the 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person 's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning .  Her ` made-to-measure ' perfumes will provide ` olfactory comfort ' to customers .
Nick Cousins left court holding hands with his wife Herminia Garcia .  She was charged with ` wilful neglect ' after daughter Blanca fell to her death .  The 15-year-old fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment in Hong Kong .  Mr Cousin , 53 , was also arrested on suspicion of ` ill treatment ' after it emerged her birth had not been registered , but he
Aboriginal Model Management Australia started off with just five models and now has 40 models .  Founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Samantha Harris at next year 's fashion week .  The agency started out with five then it became 25 and now we have 40 models .  Now the agency is about to take on a whole new approach when casting begin for both female
Karlis Bardelis , 30 , was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain , Scotland , when the accident happened .  Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose .  Between 0.12 and 0.20 seconds in the video below , you can see the axe slipping out of the ice and knocking his other axe out of position
Amanda Casey , also of North Carolina , was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced .  He went on to marry his third wife , Shelby .  He was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilky .  Casey never reported the incident and her friends and family were not aware of his
Music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists .  Thinking Out Loud by Ed Sheeran is the top song people fall asleep to .  The 24-year-old Brit Award winner features on the list , an additional six times .  Sam Smith , 22 , also features regularly on the global list .
Christopher Swain , a clean-water activist , took an Earth Day swim in the Gowanus Canal , which has been designated as especially polluted by the Environmental Protection Agency .  He quit less than halfway through the swim and gargled hydrogen peroxide to prevent contaminated water getting down his throat .  Swain said that the experience was like ` swimming ' in a dirty diaper `  Swain has previously swam
205 seals were legally killed in Scottish waters last year by farmers , fishermen and angling firms .  Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year .  But typically marksmen kill only around a quarter of the seals which can be culled .
Branislav Ivanovic has yet to open talks over a new contract at Chelsea .  The 31-year-old 's current deal at Stamford Bridge runs out in 2016 .  Bayern Munich are unlikely to make a move until January .  Paris Saint-Germain will make a # 7million bid for Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech .
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner .  It uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum .  It also has an integrated bag store and charging cord .  It can send alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on
Aaron and Jade Badland admitted racially abusing hotel guests and workers .  Mr Badland , 24 , a bomb disposal officer in the Engineering Regiment , was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack at Premier Inn in Stansted Airport .  He asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and assaulted a Brazilian hotel employee , calling her a ` bloody foreigner '  The couple pleaded guilty to
Kevin Pietersen is being urged to make the England selectors ` lives difficult .  Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have both had their say on Pietersen 's chances of a return to the Test arena .  The 34-year-old made 170 off 149 balls against MCC Universities Oxford on Sunday , at the start of Surrey 's three-day match against Oxford MCCU .  Stewart is hoping Pietersen can
A memorial service will be held at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra , near Ms Scott 's home town of Canowindra .  Ms Scott , 26 , disappeared from her workplace at Leeton High School on Easter Sunday .  She was due to wed her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday .  Ms Scott was preparing the last minute details for her wedding and honeymoon when she
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision .  A surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina .  When the patient puts on the system 's dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer .  A connected ` pocket processor ' converts that recording into an infrared image , which the goggles will then beam into
Leaks from the investigation into Nightly News anchor Brian Williams were given to the press to pressure him into resign , a report claims .  Media executives who spoke to POLITICO say that the information was designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network .  Williams has up to a $ 50million contract and could receive up to $ 30million in an exit agreement with NBC
Colin Farrell , 38 , says he 's no longer the womaniser we once knew .  Says he has n't dated in four years and does n't want to chase women .  Has been linked with Angelina Jolie , Demi Moore , Britney Spears and Elizabeth Taylor .  Is about to appear in the second series of HBO 's True Detective .  Admits that he is celibate and happy with
Henri Morris , 67 , was caught in an FBI sting in 2012 .  He admitted drugging a female employee in order to take naked pictures .  The woman told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman .  Morris was jailed for 10 years without parole for his ` calculated and choreographed ' crime .
London 's Oshun Café will serve # 6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries .  Four types of berry bowls will be served with toppings and fruit accompaniments .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  No tickets for the fight have been put on sale .  SeatGeek , the world 's largest ticket search engine , is selling briefs for up to $ 30,000 -LRB- # 20,000 -RRB- .
Danny Willett was frustrated with a rules official for getting in his line-of-sight .  The 27-year-old Englishman vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface .  Willett said his ire had been raised because the official had been in his .  Willett carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta National .  The two-time European Tour
Engineers at the Shadow Robot Company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors .  The hands can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat , whether it is a simple home-cooked supper , or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef .  They imitate
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson tee off at 3.41 pm BST on Thursday .  The Northern Irishman is aiming to become the sixth man to win golf 's Grand Slam .  He will be joined over the first two rounds by fellow American Ryan Moore .  Tiger Woods returns for the first time since February alongside Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker .  The four-time green jacket winner returns to action
# NotAnAprilFools has been launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys .  It is based on idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke .  Images show a wide divide between aspirations set out for girls and boys .  Female girls are offered pink beautician 's outfits while males are offered doctor 's uniforms .  Male products for infants are equally polarised , with
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences .  The man , from Leumeah , south-west of Sydney , was charged with recklessly cause grievous bodily harm on Wednesday .  He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10 .  The woman , 51 , was found with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded Best Road in the World .  It cuts through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below .  Stretching for 27 km , the road includes heart-stopping 93 bends and jaw dropping scenery .  The A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District is Britain
Boston father of two Keith Boudreau , 42 , of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack .  Paul Fahey , 43 , allegedly beat the 42-year-old for just staring in his direction during the ` unprovoked attack ' , according to court documents .  He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries and was removed from life support on Monday .  On Wednesday ,
The 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil .  Gisele , who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady , has said she wants to spend more time with her family but has also vowed to continue working in the industry .  The mother-of-two sizzled in a pretty white embroidered halterneck dress along with some black knee-high gladiator-style boots .  Colcci
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season .  Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for the 23-year-old .  Rangers boss Robbie Neilson admits it will be difficult to lose the defender .
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi late on Thursday .  The alleged mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai terror attack has been released on bail .  Indian officials have slammed his release as an ` insult ' to the victims of the three-day onslaught .  He was granted bail in December , sparking an angry response from New Delhi .  The Lahore High Court ordered his
WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of militant group .  Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016 .  Hurricane Committee also backed Mexico 's request to retire the name Odile .
Neymar published a photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi on Tuesday night .  The Brazilian captioned the photo : ` Buena victoria chavaleeeeees ... Daleeee ! '  The cheeky Brazilian had used the typically Argentine / Uruguayan expression ` dale ' in reference to his team-mates .  Barca 's three amigos have clicked like no forward line in the club 's history smashing the 100 goal mark
Kate DeAraugo spoke out on KIIS 106.5 's The Kyle and Jackie O Show on Friday .  At her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs .  She underwent gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 to help her lose a staggering 68kg .  She said it was after her stint on Young Divas that she began to spiral out of control , eating herself ` into a mess '
Joel Wilkinson , three , was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago .  His parents , Emma , 33 , and Chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk .  Tests confirmed he had the incurable condition and he is likely only to live to the age of 20 .  His sister Phoebe , five , makes sure he is thoroughly looked
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to Rangers .  The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season .  He is adamant he does n't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs .  Shane Ferguson is finally set to arrive at Murray Park next week .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980 , and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him .  In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl 's Jr asking for a hamburger ` they show on
England ended the day in a strong position at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium .  Joe Root 's 142-run total has been largely overlooked .  Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara were in action for Sunrisers Hyderabad .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web is the fourth installment in Stieg Larsson 's Millennium crime trilogy .  500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist , whom she helps solve a murder mystery in the first book in the series .  Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died
The woman was lucky to escape from the IS capital Raqqa in Syria .  She said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone .  She said : ` This is all forced on us by IS , nothing at all of a woman is revealed '  She said that it is this fear that is making people join the terror
Manuel Pellegrini 's side were beaten 1-0 by Crystal Palace on Monday night .  Vincent Kompany believes that a win against Manchester United will help rectify their season .  The City captain admits that the derby game is crucial .
Rachel Lehnardt , 35 , was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their home in Evans , Georgia .  She allegedly had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters .  The teenager , 16 , took to Twitter days after her mother 's arrest .  She said : `
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , one of the world 's richest men , is looking to build a six-storey super car park to house his fleet of 114 cars .  It will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames .  It will have two basement floors and six storeys above ground , to include offices , bathrooms and three triple-bedroom flats for the drivers .
The 68-year-old revealed in an interview with Town & Country Magazine that he believes he has lost his natural flair for campaigning .  He said that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea 's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality .  The former President 's role in Hillary 's 2008 campaign was reportedly a source of great tension in the Clinton camp .  Mrs Clinton
Under EU rules , organic farmers must use homoeopathic remedies to treat ill fish .  Substances from plants , animals or minerals in a ` homeopathic dilution '  After this , ` veterinary treatments ' section outlines that farmers may use ` plants and their extracts not having anaesthetic effects '  British and Norwegian vets have called the directives ` scientifically illiterate '  They say that the use of homeopathy
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for # 10,000 wedding .  She also paid for a # 5,000 honeymoon in the Seychelles with husband David Osborne .  She started a # 40,000-a-year job at Insight Investments in June last year .  But she proceeded to embezzle # 17,000 using colleagues ` credit cards .  She forged taxi receipts at up to # 250 a
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Liverpool have signed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank .  The deal will run through to the end of the 2018-19 season .  Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds ` main sponsor in July 2010 .  This is the fifth season the company 's logo has appeared on the team 's shirts .  Reports suggest the current deal is worth around # 20million a season
Doug Hughes , a US Postal Service mail carrier , .  described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin , Florida , .  He said he fully expected to be intercepted before landing on the west lawn of the US Capitol .  Hughes flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters , one for each member of Congress .  His Russian-born wife , Alena , said she was ` proud '
Scott Stephenson found victim lying on the floor in South Shields .  He and friend Dale Walker , 25 , stole the phone and abandoned him .  The 19-year-old was due to be jailed for the incident but failed to turn up to previous hearing .  Stephenson shouted and swore outside court after he was re-bailed .
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib is being investigated for aggravated assault .  He and his brother Yaqub are being investigated after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning .  During the incident , a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas , Texas .  One of the men pulled out a gun and aimed it at him before firing a round off into the sky and
LeBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Heat 114-88 .  James also passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA 's all-time scoring list .  Golden State Warriors beat Phoenix Warriors 107-106 .  James Harden scored 24 points to help the Houston Rockets defeat the Dallas Mavericks .  The Rockets move half a game ahead of Memphis in the fight for the No 2 seed
Case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate , used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world .  Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails , telephone calls and electronic chats , the US said .  The $ 2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation .
Hayley Grimes , 42 , was just a teenager when she found baby 's body in 1988 .  She was accused of being the child 's mother after it emerged 27 years later .  The mother , who has not been named , was arrested after police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to his family .  Ms Grimes said it was ` unthinkable ' that the baby had
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed in a US drone strike in January .  The 73-year-old was killed alongside Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto .  They were killed in an anti-terrorist strike on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border .  Weinstein 's family have slammed the US government 's response to his abduction .  It has now been claimed that he gave money to his captors .  It has also been claimed they
Raymond Howell Jr . 's body was found near a culvert in McKinney , Texas .  Friends on social media reported that he died of a bullet wound .  Police have not confirmed how the 14-year-old passed away .  He had reportedly asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students .  School district officials have not yet responded to requests from DailyMail . com .  For confidential support
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court .  Matt Ritchie put the Owls in front early in the second half .  Yann Kermorgant levelled for Wednesday before Chris Maguire scored injury time .  Kieran Lee was sent off in the first half for fouling Lewis Buxton .  Eddie Howe felt Callum Wilson deserved a penalty when he appeared to be fouled .  But referee Paul Tierney decided not
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season .  Boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France .  The only exception will be Treve , who will continue to be partnered by veteran Thierry Jarnet .  Benoists is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot , who was unplaced
The Glass House , in the south east London suburb of Chislehurst , was built to accomodate civil servants in the event of a nuclear winter .  The bunker was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951 .  It was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building gave it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls .
Aaron Cresswell had given West Ham an early lead at Upton Park .  But Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke City in the 95th minute .  It is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the Hammers a point .  Sam Allardyce 's side are on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months .  The Hammers have already had two goals ruled out
Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat .  Research carried out by Forsa Institute found attitudes are changing among younger generation .  They now think of themselves as victims of Hitler and his Nazi Regime .
` The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted -- sensational headlines and sound bites , ' said Oz .  The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians .  The doctors accused him of being a ` charlatan ' who promotes
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb .  The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs , which they planned to have children with before their bitter split .  Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two
David Nellist , 38 , of Keswick , Cumbria was caught on CCTV punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room .  He was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco ` screaming '  Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months and banned from keeping animals for five years .  He was also ordered to complete 200 hours
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot .  19-month-old was left hanging mid air by her neck and was saved by her mother .  Her mother , Louise Conant , was watching the incident unfold on a baby monitor .  Days later a second toddler was found dangling from the # 450 bed .  Both mothers had purchased the Nutkin three-drawer cotbeds from Dicken 's
Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods , Hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season .  But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend , with forecasters warning Britons ` not to put the cagoules away just yet '  Tomorrow will be another fine day for many
Odds on the second royal baby being called Sam have been slashed .  It follows the success of Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree this weekend .  Part-time jockey and Duchess of Cambridge 's close friend helped rekindle their romance .  The 33-year-old amateur jockey helped the couple rekindled their romance .  He helped the Duke and Duchess rekindl their romance during their brief split in 2007 .  The Duchess is expected
Randy Linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $ 1million in damages to a suburban Toledo , Ohio , mosque .  Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St . Joe , Indiana , to the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and set it on fire .  Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate
Police believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive , despite fears he was abducted by a paedophile ring on the NSW mid-north coast .  The three-year-old 's parents have revealed the moment they realised their son was missing .  The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically , and is now ` progressing rapidly ' , according to Homicide Squad commander Detective Superintendent Mick Willing .  This comes as
Martin Odegaard was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane .  The 16-year-old wonderkid was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano .  He missed the two games before Sunday 's match , which ended 1-1 .  The Norway international is understood to be on # 40,000 per week .  He may be benefiting from training with Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale .
The couple have been named as Georgina Rojas-Medina , 41 , and her common-law husband , Gerardo Tovar , 44 .  Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple 's 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday .
Sgt . Daniel Knapp received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan , but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service 's strict policy on body ink .  Despite having several tattoos while he was in the Marines , it is the one he got on his forearm after he left -- a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for Marine riflemen -- that has cost him his chance
Wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks .  They recommends pairing Pinot Grigio with nachos and Shiraz Rose with salt and vinegar crisps .  A Riesling is the perfect companion to a sausage roll , Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus .  Sauvignon Blanc was found to be the perfect pairing for salted popcorn .  A Scotch Egg goes down a treat
Leah Williamson scored a 96th-minute penalty to make it 2-2 against Norway last Saturday .  Her England team-mate Rosella Ayane had encroached the box .  Norway goalkeeper Oda Marie Hove Bogstad was unable to stop Williamson 's brilliant effort .  She found out on Wednesday that England would have to visit the Seaview Stadium in Belfast for a single penalty .  She spent Thursday waiting as the frenzy grew and
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis .  Locke joined the club as assistant manager to Allan Johnston last summer .  The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over .
The 34-year-old man is seen staggering towards an elderly man .  He barges into the man , who then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor .  The man then walks off as people gasp and try to help the man .  He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face .  The man was named on social media as a manager called Terry .  He
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series .  No tourists have played in Pakistan since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka 's team bus in Lahore in March 2009 .  Pakistan Cricket Board president Shaharyar Khan has stated that he expects the short tour to go ahead .
Caen are willing to sell midfielder N ` Golo Kante for around # 5million .  The 24-year-old has impressed for Caen this season .  Arsenal , Newcastle United and Southampton have all checked on the midfielder .
The religion 's share of the world 's population will equal the Christian share in 2070 .  The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the population .  By 2100 around one per cent more Muslims than Christians , according to Pew Research Center .  Number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151 .  It is thought the
Randy Pierce was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder 's ` King of the Swingers ' obstacle course in California last week .  Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old , from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair .  He has since climbed all 48 mountains in New Hampshire , as well as run 30
Faith Myers , 14 , from Nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ` high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia .  Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread .  ` You do n't want any boys in your yard ? Will your milkshake bring all the
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer played for New York Cosmos together in the 1970s .  The pair were pioneers at the time , bringing football to a territory that had rarely seen the game before .  After the club went bankrupt in the 1980s , the pair returned in 2010 with Pele as the club 's honorary president .  The pair turned the Empire State Building green to celebrate the start
Arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch .  The 26-year-old compared his gadget to TV character Michael Knight .  Ozil is expected to start for Arsene Wenger 's side against Chelsea on Sunday .
Tiffanie DiDonato , 34 , from Swansboro , North Carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia , a rare form of dwarfism .  She underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 ` 10 tall , instead of her previous height of 3 ' 8 , which is how tall her son Titan currently is .  Even with the additional inches , parenting a
Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti account for a third of the black population .  About 50 per cent of black immigrant population come from the Caribbean .  The shift is causing black population in the US to become less homogenous .  Black immigrants tend to be older , more likely to have a college degree and less likely to live in poverty than the US-born population .
Amir Khan has waited for Floyd Mayweather to fight Manny Pacquiao .  The fight between the two is set to take place in Abu Dhabi this November or December .  If Khan wins his bout with Chris Algieri in New York next month , all that would appear to stand between him and his long-awaited mega-fight is the outside chance of a re-match between Mayquiao and Mayweao .  Khan is
Katie Cope , 17 , had to close her mother 's Baklash shop to detain the shoplifter for three hours until police arrived .  When police finally got to the vintage clothing store , they said the stolen knickers , which had been reduced to # 1 , were not worth enough to prosecute .  Katie and her mother Eve Cope , 60 , said of their fury at the
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  She is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership .  Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for leaders ` debate , rocked a coral two-piece by Scottish
Gang of eight rented a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple .  They dug their way towards the Hua Pagoda in Zhengdin County , North China .  A seven-metre-deep tunnel led to a passage leading to the ancient temple .  The gang 's leader is a man named Zhang from Tianjin , China .  He is a known artefact thief and his associates have also been involved in similar
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college .  Glenna was diagnosed with melanoma after she found a golf ball sized lump in her groin just before graduating from college in 2005 .  The cancer had spread to her lymphatic system , doctors removed 13 lymph nodes from her groin .  Glenna tried
George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin tied the knot at the Belmond Hotel Cipriani on the island of Giudecca in 2014 .  The hotel 's heated swimming pool , set in extensive gardens , is filled with heated seawater and is the only hotel pool in central Venice .  George kicked the celebrations off with a stag do at one of his favourite eateries in the city , a traditional-style restaurant
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids , Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls .  ` Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it , ' a jury heard this week .  Day met up with Musick at a bar on
One of Australia 's most loved cooks , Lyndey Milan , has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes .  The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast .  Her results include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes
Gary Field was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting Nigel Farage 's arrival .  The row started after a group of far-Right supporters supported Mr Farage .  They were led by Mr Field , a former regional organiser for the EDL .  Mr Field drank beers behind the cordon and gestured to onlookers .  He said he was opposed to the ` stand up to U Kip
Ex-PM said he wanted to create a ` cadre ' of ex-statesmen to advise governments .  He said : ` You can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors . Why not use their talents and their experience ? '  He added : ` Why not come and help the president of this country or the prime minister of that country ? '  Mr Blair also praised the
Regulator Ofgem said the penalty reflected E . ON 's ` repeated failings ' on billing rules after it incorrectly imposed exit fees and overcharged customers .  It has refunded # 8 to # 12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque .  It is now trying to find another 7,000 meter customers to pay them an average of # 3.42 .  British Gas is the worst offender
Lib Dem Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election .  He joked that the dog had ` unresolved anger issues ' after posting photo online .  Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay .  The animal took a lump out of his right hand as he posted a leaflet through a letterbox .  But undeterred by the injury ,
The coin has an image of poppies-symbolic of remembrance-among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers .  It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers .  The coin was released as part of the Royal Australian Mint 's Official Anzac Centenary Coin Program .  There will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked .  The 6-year-old would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football .  Tim Sherwood wrote to the youngster congratulating him on his credentials .  The youngster is captain of Norton Lindsey and would have appointed his parents as assistant managers if he had been offered the dream job .  CLICK HERE for all the
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week .  The new menu includes two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts , one 380-calerie bagel , one 640-calarie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a ` low fat ' 210-Callorie steak and cheese wrap .  The new Pretzel Roll Chicken Sandwich contains 640 calories , almost a third of your recommended daily intake of salt .  The new coffee flavors are Rocky Road Swirl
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean .  The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s .  The World Health Organisation said the procedure should only be carried out when ` medically necessary ' because it can lead to infections and even death .
The baby , known as Mary , had been born at Alder Hey Children 's Hospital in Liverpool .  Six-month-old died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach .  Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant .  Mother admitted to police she used cocaine and cannabis in the home .  Post-mortem revealed the presence of cocaine at ` very low levels
The question , ` So when is Cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad .  Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is .  Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates : May 15 , May 16 , June 17 , June 18 , July 14
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many major developed nations , said the International Monetary Fund .  The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt , along with Portugal .  It was lumped together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis .  The findings , in the IMF 's Global Financial Stability Report , are
Perry Clawson , a former Army colonel , pitched up outside the fraternity .  He said the members had ` p * * * 'd off ' servicemen across the country .  Nicholas Connole said frat members spat on him and his service dog from balconies .  Linda Cope , who founded retreat after her son lost both legs in IED blast , said : ` They actually spat on
Ted Loveday 's Gonville and Caius College beat Magdalen in University Challenge final .  Law student answered 10 ` starter ' questions in last round of BBC quiz show .  Viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess-but he admitted he had help from unlikely sources .  The law student has revealed after team 's triumph that they had revised for the programme by watching YouTube videos and researching possible
Chris Copeland , 31 , and his wife , Katrine Saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am Wednesday when a 22-year-old man , Shezoy Bleary , interrupted them .  Copeland reportedly told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into Saltare 's abdomen and elbow .  He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League on Monday .  Jay Dasilva , 16 , was part of the Under 19 side that won the competition .  Ian Wright has praised the 16-year-old for his performance in the competition .  Former Arsenal and England striker Wright also said he is better than any current Premier League left-back .  Tammy Abraham , Charly Musonda and Charlie Colkett are
The crisis in A & E has led some people to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments .  Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution .  By improving access , many patients wo n't need to take up other care services .  In 2010-11 , the GP surgeries that were most accessible also had lower A &E non-urgent visits
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history .  The team tried to tweak the gene responsible for Gracie-thalassaemia using a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR / Cas9 .  CRIS PR technology precisely changes target parts of genetic code .  Unlike other gene-silencing tools , the CR ISPR system targets the genome 's source material and permanently turns off
Brian Stow was attacked by two men outside the LA Dodgers ` stadium in March 2011 .  The father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months .  He was left permanently brain damaged and has short-term memory problems .  He was awarded $ 18 million compensation but has not received any cash due to legal delays .
San Antonio stretches its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against Houston .  The defending champion moved onto the tail of Houston and Memphis .  Memphis pulled even with Houston by routing New Orleans 110-74 .  Atlanta Hawks won 114-111 at the Nets , with Al Horford making the go-ahead basket on a dunk with 19 seconds remaining .  Cleveland Cavaliers defeated Milwaukee 104-99 to clinch
With the rouble in trouble , Russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in India 's flop-in-the-sun western state .  The beaches are more relaxed , the restaurants and bars quieter .  Even without the Russians , the beach is a hive of activity .  There are yoga and Pilates classes , massage sessions , trinket sellers , football kick-arounds , Frisbee games , joggers .  On the
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick steel spikes , angled away from the White House , to the existing fence .  One television network mocked up what 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders .  The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between , but barbed
Homes such as these in China are known as ` dingzihu ' or ` nail houses ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail .  One house in Wenling , Zhejiang province , had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move .  Another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction
With enough room for five guests , the underwater suites -- Poseidon and Neptune -- boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the Ambassador Lagoon aquarium , which holds 65,000 marine animals .  The signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room , an inter-connecting bedroom , a majlis / television room and a private lift .  Each suite
Jack Wilshere was on the bench for Arsenal 's match against Reading .  The 23-year-old has been out of action for five months through injury .  Ray Parlour believes that the England international can be the future of the club .  Parlur says he thinks if he stays fit he could be another Abou Diaby .  The Arsenal midfielder is at the heart of a core of players at the
Jon Moss will take charge of the FA Cup final between Aston Villa and Arsenal at Wembley on May 30 .  Mark Halsey has slammed the FA 's decision to overlook Mark Clattenburg .  Former Premier League referee said the English game would be a ` laughing stock ' over the decision .
Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derbyshire as part of election campaign .  Asked year six pupil ` Do you know who you would vote for ? '  When the child said Ukip , Mr Hunt replied , ` Very good ' and asked why .  Youngster replied : ` To get all the foreigners out the country '  Labour spokesman said schoolboy had been ` drinking in propaganda
Dai Young 's side became the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe 's premier event over a punishing weekend .  Toulon 's Ali Williams crossed for a late try after he should have been sin-binned .  Helu Bastareaud scored a brace for Toulon in the first half .  Will Helu added a second for the home side in the second half .  Michalak made it 2-0
Broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual , and .  Experts say it sets men free to flex .  tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or .  feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel .  Grokker , which is aimed at broadcasting fitness , food and yoga classes directly to your home or office , to partake in weekly yoga sessions .  Founder Robert Sidoti
Crash happened at 8.20 am in Tulsa , Oklahoma , on Monday morning .  The driver of the Dodge Durango , a 44-year-old man with a history of seizures , had to be cut out of the wreckage .  Five pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene .  Police are investigating whether the driver had a seizure before or during the crash .  Police
Demi Moore is selling the penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $ 75million .  The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of Central Park and the Hudson River .  Moore and Willis purchased the San Remo building in 1990 from Saturday Night Fever producer Robert Stigwood .  The couple split up in 2000
Adrian Schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog Sintha .  The Appenzeller mix appears to be completely at ease as it sits on its owner 's shoulders .  The dog jumps from its owners back and begins barking and running in the snow .  After a long ski to the bottom , the skier comes to a stop and the dog jumps off his shoulders and onto the
QPR are facing Football League fines of up to # 50million for Financial Fair Play breaches .  Tony Fernandes , owner of QPR , wants to avoid fines .  Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over their FFP troubles .  Raheem Sterling 's stand-off with Liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him .  He will suit his agent Aidy Ward , who
Some are charging up to a ` shameful ' # 2,700 for one eye -- treble what it costs the health service .  This raises suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients .  Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money .  Millions was being wasted on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste .  Many NHS trusts have imposed arbitrary rules to determine who is eligible .  Patients
The MHOX Eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye .  The group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight .  They say their synthetic eyes , which include lenses that improves the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision , could be available by 2027 .  Under
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs .  Her Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on petrol forecourt in Hulme , Manchester .  Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath seat .  He is described as being between 30 and 40 , with a beard and wearing surf-style shorts .
Kyle Walker injured his foot against Burnley on April 5 .  The England defender had not broken his foot but faces another four weeks out .  Walker could be fit in time to return for the last day of the season against Everton .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Porsche owner was left devastated after his # 80,000 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder 's lorry .  Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road .  One onlooker said : ` The bloke looked absolutely distraught . It was obviously his pride and joy '
Eric Abidal believes Barcelona have the potential to win a treble .  Luis Enrique 's side beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 to advance to the Champions League semi-finals .  Barcelona also sit top of La Liga and will take on Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final .  The former defender was an integral part of Pep Guardiola 's Barcelona team that won six trophies in 2009 .  He warned
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County , about 30 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky .  Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested .  But the growing number could put pressure on Gov . Mike Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Sunday .  Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored for the Leith outfit .  Hearts moved into second place in the Championship with a win .  Alan Stubbs ` side are now three points clear of Hibs in the table .  There was no guard of honour for Hibs but the travelling fans were in full voice .  Hibs settled the
Millwall defeated Charlton 2-1 in their Championship clash at The Den .  Magaye Gueye scored the only goal of the game in the 87th minute .  Charlton defender Chris Solly was sent off for deliberate handball in the box .  Stephen Henderson saved Lee Gregory 's resulting penalty .  The result moved Millwall up to 22nd in the Sky Bet Championship .  Charlton remain 11th and without a win over
RSPCA South Australia released the shocking images of a pet owner 's squalor living conditions in Adelaide .  The cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September .  The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats .  The cats suffered from high-temperatures , flea-allergy dermatitis and significant respiratory issues .  The case
Queen 's Hospital , Burton , Staffordshire , ran out of space to store bodies .  Bosses admitted they did n't tell relatives about the arrangement .  Hospital said there were ` unprecedented number of deaths ' over Easter weekend .  Spokesman said the use of a refrigerated lorry is normal practice across the country .
Tori Spelling was at Benihana 's Japanese Restaurant in Encino , California when she tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food .  She shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm .  Tori 's doctor 's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the
Rhiannon Wilkinson , head of Wycombe Abbey , said single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the ` highly sexualised world '  Two years ago scientists at Newcastle University found that girls really mature faster than boys .  Tony Little , the head of Eton College , has also spoken of the benefits of single sex schools .
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than # 1,300 .  The prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver , Callaway xR 3 Wood and a set of XR Irons .
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year .  Rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers .  But they 'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul 's face , ` Stand with
Mark Selby beat Elliot Slessor in the second round of the China Open .  John Higgins and Ding Junhui also progressed to the third round .  Shaun Murphy came from behind to beat Anthony McGill 5-4 .  Shaun Murphy beat Stephen Maguire , Michael White , Robert Milkins , David Gilbert , Robin Hull , Kurt Maflin and Gary Wilson .
West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table , just above Burnley .  Sam Allardyce 's side have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against Stoke .  If they finish top of England 's top flight is within the top three ` fair-playing ' leagues in Europe -- which it was on last count-they will earn a Europa League place .  The
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo .  The Serbian became the first player to win the opening three Masters 1000 events .  The 27-year-old Serb extended his winning streak to 17 matches .
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen on penalties to reach the Champions League quarter-final .  Medhi Benatia was taken off in the first half of the game on Wednesday .  The defender will miss between two and four weeks with a muscle injury .  Bayern travel to Porto next week before the return leg in Munich .  Pep Guardiola has a long injury list to contend with as he aims for
Toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after Alaskan Malamute mauled her .  Three-year-old suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull .  She was airlifted to Morriston Hospital in Swansea 60 miles away .  Family 's dog was destroyed in accordance with family 's wishes .  Eliza-Mae Mullane was pulled from her pram and bitten by the dog at her home .  Neighbours heard : ` The dog ate my
Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco president Vadim Vasilyev on Sunday .  The Manchester United chief executive said they would make a decision on the right to sign Radamel Falcao permanently at the end of the season .  Under the terms of the original loan United would have to pay # 43.5 m for the striker .  But it has since emerged that Monaco are willing to negotiate on the
Paramedics were called to a home in northern Darwin on Wednesday .  The 38-year-old man reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle .  He then went for a lie down , at which point his family called Royal Darwin Hospital .  There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm on Wednesday .
Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their TVs .  They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem .  But the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee because viewers are currently able to use the BBC 's online services without paying for them .  The rise of catch-up TV
Gareth Bale is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League .  Kasper Schmeichel has been named in as part of three Football League Team -LRB- s -RRB- of the Season .  Angel Rangel has risen from League One to the Premier League with Swansea .  Ashley Williams is now an established top-flight international centre
Tom Ballard , 26 , was just six years old when his mother Alison Hargreaves died .  She was swept to her death on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995 .  She was only the second person to climb Everest without sherpas or bottled oxygen .  Mr Ballard said he saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother 's footsteps .  Last month he became the
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London today .  He was inspecting a black Ferrari Pininfarina 275 , which had Italian number plates .  After 15 minutes , he drove off in his Lamborghini , which has number plates .  Clarkson was also spotted cheering on Chelsea as they drew 0-0 with Arsenal .  The 55-year-old was sacked by the BBC last month after a `
Kim Sei-Young shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the ANA Inspiration .  The South Korean leads by two shots at the halfway stage .  The 22-year-old won the Pure Silk-Bahamas Classic in February .
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday after nine months of exploratory drilling .  Group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands .  The bonanza , which could be worth billions of pounds , will add to fears of renewed conflict .  Comes just days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a ` very live threat ' from Argentina .  Lord
Flight from Kansas City to Denver was rerouted due to bad weather .  Plane took just an hour and a half to get to unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs .  But it languished for another six hours before everybody was ordered off anyway .  Passengers were told if they got off , that would be the end of trip .
Pupils could face disruption to classes as teachers prepare to vote on walkout .  National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote this weekend .  The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election .  Last time teachers across the country went on strike was in July , when 21 per cent of schools were forced to close .  NUT deputy general secretary Kevin
Gemma , 23 , has two children under five by two different fathers .  Handed both infants over to her mother when they were four months old .  Mother Debbie , 52 , is now threatening to ban her from seeing the children .  Says her daughter 's drinking and partying is getting out of hand .  Says she stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his teddy bear mascot on every Spitfire flight .  The 30-year-old pilot was one of just seven of his squadron who survived the 1940 battle .  He was known as one of ` The Few ' , a phrase from Winston Churchill 's famous phrase : ` Never , in the field of human conflict , was so much owed by so many to so
Derry Mathews will take on Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title .  The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban Richar Abril on April 18 .  He has been elevated to ` champion in recess ' with Darleys Perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division .  Mathews was due to fight Barroso in March but was forced to withdraw through illness .  Barroso has recorded 16
Florida Senator spoke to CBS 's Face the Nation after admitting he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer-even if he did n't agree with the decision .  The Florida Senator said he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman '  He added : ` I ' m not
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway in Ortford , Kent .  Kent Police received reports of people kicking a ball about in closed stretch of road .  Two teenagers were stranded on the wrong side of the motorway when it reopened .
UFC 's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey appeared in Fast & Furious 7 .  She stepped out in a sleek black dress and pair of Tania Spinelli heels .  The event was held at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on April 3 .  It was her first appearance as an official participant in the franchise 's seventh film .  She took on The Rock at WrestleMania 31 in which she
The 30-year-old reality TV star posted-then later deleted-the message ` Pray for Baltimore ' to Instagram on Monday night as protests turned to riots in Baltimore .  While over 417,000 followers liked the photo , it did not escape criticism .  Just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of criticism with a Tweet that read : ` Yall are too much . Damned if I do n't .
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted part in two-and-a-half year con .  He and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin invented cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ` property during broadband installation .  They paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .  But Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy '  But he ordered him to repay
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week .  It details a method of scanning a user 's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position .  If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo , the phone unlocks automatically .  It is an extension of Face Unlock that launched on Android Ice Cream
Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year , leaving behind four murals .  That painting , titled ` Bomb Damage , ' was drawn on a metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the Dardouna family in northern Gaza .  Unaware that Banksy 's works have been valued for hundreds of thousands of pounds , Rabie Dardosuna said he
Researchers isolated strains of TB from mummies found in crypt of church in Vác , Hungary .  They found 14 different strains of the disease that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb .  They traced them all back to a single source .  Mummified remains of 28-year-old Terézia Hausmann were among those found to have died of tuberculosis .  Researchers used samples taken from the mummified bodies
Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game .  The player , who was not named , reported the approach to the Indian cricket board .  The player immediately reported the incident to the anti-corruption unit .  Rajasthan are aware of the threat of match-fixing after former India paceman Shanthakumaran Sreesanth and two other cricketers were arrested in 2013 on suspicion of taking money to concede a fixed
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  The photos were taken on the frontline of fighting outside Aleppo , Syria .  They show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees .  He is then shot at point blank range and dragged through a public square .  Analysts believe his death was almost certainly by shooting , even though his moment of death is not shown and there are
Drone was flying asparagus to De Zwann restaurant in the Netherlands .  Pilot followed remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck .  The restaurant had to settle for a more traditional method of delivery .
Chef Jacques LaMerde 's Instagram account pokes fun at high-end dining .  He dressed up cheap , fattening , convenience store goods to look like gastronomic creations .  They include corn dog with packet ham , Spongebob Squarepants macaroni and ketchup .  To see the full account , visit @ chefjacqueslame .
The three ex-cops were caught on camera smoking marijuana in the state of Washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year .  In between bong hits and self-administered field sobriety tests , the trio debates the dangers and benefits of using marijuana .  ` It costs more to put someone in prison than it does to send someone to Harvard , ' says Robert
Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death .  The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner 's body to die from lack of oxygen .  The method has been touted as ` foolproof ' by supporters .  Comes after a botched execution last year in which officials struggled to administer the poison to an inmate who
Kevin Franklin , 58 , siphoned off the # 400,001 fortune over an eight-year period .  He married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk , a court heard .  When he was finally arrested he told police : ` I played him '  He was jailed for four-and-a-half years after
The Karen was towed 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland .  The 60-foot boat 's captain Paul Murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident .  It is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine .  Last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was nearly dragged down
Addison Russell , 21 , was playing for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning .  He accidentally let his bat slip through his fingers while trying to catch up to a fastball .  The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs ` on-deck circle in the face .  The rookie , who was ranked the No . 5 prospect in baseball earlier in
Unite boss Len McCluskey boasted that trade unions ` own ' the Labour Party .  He said : ` The Labour Party is our party . We built it , to serve us '  The boast comes just 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged he would be writing Labour 's budget .  The arrogant claim by the former Scottish first minister was featured on the front page of yesterday 's
U.S. . population could reach 51million by 2023 , according to U.S. . Census .  By 2060 , immigrants could account for 82 per cent of U.S. . population growth .  In 1990 , immigrants accounted for just 7.9 % of U.S. . population .  By 2023 the total immigrant population in the U.S. . will reach 14.8 % .  That number could rise to one in five by 2040
Flour made from peanut kernel stimulates the growth of friendly bacteria .  The type of bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks .  The peanut flour was able to reduce the amount of a dangerous bacterium , Enterohaemorrhagic E . coli , which can cause food poisoning .
Moses Kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been abusing female athletes , some as young as 15 .  The 28-year-old was approached by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships in Kampala , Uganda , last year .  He says he would tell them he wanted to get them pregnant and then have an abortion .  He has received death threats after reporting the
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at Arizona 's Arena Pro Swim Series .  Phelps has served a six-month suspension after a drunk-driving conviction .  The 29-year-old has won 22 Olympic medals , 18 golds , but was banned in September .
Jacob Phillips , 23 , had been drinking in Cardiff before getting a taxi home .  He did n't have enough money to pay for the journey to Penarth , South Wales .  The trio got out of the taxi to ` use an ATM ' before making a run for it .  Mr Phillips was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade .
Former Strictly Come Dancing star says she is ` terrible ' at dancing .  She left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception .  Judy 's mother , Shirley Erskine , 80 , left the venue , she admitted the wedding of Andy , 27 , to his girlfriend Kim Sears , also 27 , had been ` fantastic ' and ` wonderful '
Charlotte Cobbald , 17 , was on day release from a mental health unit when she died .  She was suffering from anorexia and depression at the time of her death .  Inquest heard that she was an A * GCSE student who had a talent for sheep farming .  She was a ` perfectionist ' who had battled anorexi and depression , inquest heard .  Charlotte had lost around
Prime Minister 's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood , seat held by Mark Reckless .  She joined Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst at Abbey Court School in Rainham , Kent .  Mrs Cameron said : ` He does n't seem too nervous but I ' m very glad it 's him doing it and not me `  She is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night .
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th Premier League appearance this weekend .  Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in 2012 .  Here , Sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Former White House florist Ronn Payne claims that Chelsea Clinton called the Secret Service ` pigs ' as a young girl in 1995 .  The Clintons ` only child , Chelsea Clinton , said she learned it from her parents .  Skip Allen , a Clinton-era White House ` usher ' -- a high-ranking butler -- said in her new book that Bill and Hillary were ` about the most
Patrick Kluivert has helped Curacao progress to the next stage of World Cup qualifying .  The former Holland assistant has made a winning start as coach of the Caribbean island team .  Crotcao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at Montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate .
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager with immediate effect in February .  The former West Ham , Bournemouth , Portsmouth , Southampton and Tottenham boss has turned down a ` mind-blowing ' offer to coach abroad .  The 68-year-old says he would consider a return to management as long as it 's at the right club .  He will lead a Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends on Sunday
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by Al Qaeda-linked extremists in November 2011 .  He was rescued by French special forces at 5am today in far north of Mali .  President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured .  But there is no word on fate of two men abducted at the same time .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge .  Blues captain John Terry insists there is still work to be done .  Jose Mourinho 's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League .  Chelsea need two wins from their last six matches to claim the title .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Kim Richards , 50 , was arrested on April 16 following a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel .  She was charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting arrest and battery on a police officer .  Some sources say that Kim 's protestations that she was sober last season were laughable-while others say she was doing a better job than ever of keeping her addiction under control .
Brittany Huber and John Redman were killed in a car crash five days before their wedding last spring .  The bride to be was killed on impact and Redman was left clinging to life .  The 25-year-old assistant basketball coach at Dalton State College helped lead his team to its first NAIA championship title on March 24 .  The Dalton Roadrunners beat Westmont College of California 71-53 in Kansas City
Police Kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to London .  He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail .  He was jailed for the murder of Maureen Comfort , who was found dead in 1996 .  Police say he must return to prison ` as a matter of urgency '
Twitter 's Periscope app allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers .  The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours .  In the US , viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 - $ 99.99 -LRB- # 66 -RRB- to watch the fight while in Britain Sky is offering the bout for # 19.99 .  HBO , which will broadcast Floyd
Hadas -LRB- not her real name to protect her identity -RRB- had ` the cut ' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old .  Says she does n't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure .  Hadas , who now lives in the UK , says it is believed when the vagina is cut , the desire to have sex is cut as well
ISIS ` leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein 's Baathist army .  Almost all of the commanders appointed by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .  They played prominent roles in the army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq .  They became involved with ISIS either in the insurgency or after dictator 's 2006 execution .  Ex-Baathists have extensive contacts among oil smugglers .  Oil smuggling is considered the most lucrative
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore , Maryland .  The aggressor , driving a Toyota , hit the truck driver 's car as he changed lanes and , according to the driver , cut him off .  The truck driver Tommy Solis was driving by and filmed the incident , eventually getting out of his car
Scottish First Minister said Labour leader would soon ` change his tune '  Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to ` confidence and supply ' deal with SNP .  They look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold balance of power .  Miss Sturgeon has previously ruled out a formal coalition , but said she will seek to put him in No 10
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs when the quake struck .  He was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him .  Mother Rasmila Awal said : ` I could think of nothing else but trying to save my baby . I was very sad . I did not eat '  Sonit , aged five months , emerged from the wreckage covered in dust .  His parents and
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff .  The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day .  Police are investigating claims made by a former royal footman .  He said Clarence House aides tried to force him into an orgy in the 1970s .  But his complaints were ignored for months before the police
Westwood-designed penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month .  It will cost a eye-watering $ 25,000 -LRB- almost # 17,000 -RRB- a night .  The 10th-floor penthouse-measuring 11,000 square feet with two levels-will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings .  Guests can spot Westwood 's prints , tiles and even scarves in the LA suite , before spending an hour of exclusive
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was found in possession of 441 MDMA tablets .  He was charged with supply prohibited drug , refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday .  A further 16 people were charged with possession of MDMA pills and three others were issued Criminal Infringement Notices .  It comes after the best friend of Georgina Bartter , a Sydney teenager who died after taking ecstasy
The collection , which was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker , will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles , California , and on PropStore . com this May 29 .  The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions , according to Icon Versus Icon .  Items from those films , as well as from Michael Jackson 's 1988 Moonwalker film
Jessica Mejia , 20 , was killed in the early hours of December 31,2009 when her ex-boyfriend , Nicholas Sord , lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole .  When deputies arrived on the scene , they improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photos of her , according to a lawsuit filed against the Cook County Sheriff 's Office in
Rory McIlroy will begin his quest for a Grand Slam when the Masters kicks into action on Thursday .  Sportsmail 's Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta on Thursday .  Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the Swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge .  You can hardly have faith in Adam Scott to emulate Bubba Watson and win
Usain Bolt is currently in Rio de Janeiro ahead of next year 's Olympic Games .  The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin .  Bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit .  He will compete in the ` Mano a Mano ' 100-metre challenge on Sunday .
Liverpool host Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their responsibilities .  Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Ibe earlier this season .  Ibe was present during Liverpool 's training session on Friday .  Rodgers has n't disciplined Sterling or Ibe for the incident .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Guy Martin , 33 , wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar .  He said he reached 180mph in a 40mph zone on the Isle of Man 's TT course .  Mr Martin said he was ` revving with excitement ' and ` wanted to see what the car would do an a road '  Police have confirmed they are looking into the incident .  Mr Martin ,
Christianne Shepherd , seven , and her brother Robert , six , died in Corfu in October 2006 .  Their father Neil Shepherd , 46 , and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson were also almost killed by the fumes .  Coroner David Hinchliff said : ` The family of these children have waited a long , long time for this day '  Sharon Wood , 44 , sat in anguish as
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Bristol City became the first team in the Football League to secure promotion .  Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday night .  Defender Aden Flint scored 11 goals for the Robins this season .  City need another win to make sure they will be promoted as champions .  City currently lead Preston North End by 10 points but have a game in hand .  The
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by US attorney Alan Dershowitz .  He said that he wants to have her thrown in jail if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself .  Miss Roberts has also been branded ` despicable ' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel who said he is considering legal action of his own .  Earlier this week Florida Judge ordered Miss Roberts
The booster appears to have landed but Elon Musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over .  SpaceX said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by Musk reveal that the booster landed successfully .  Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year .
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 4-2 in their FA Cup replay at Ewood Park .  Philippe Coutinho scored the winning goal after 161 minutes .  Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time .  Sportsmail 's Oliver Todd rated the player 's performances .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ` the boob-job bra '  It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four , according to their size .  The lightest , size one , weighs in at 50cc , followed by size two at 100cc , size three at 200cc and size four at 300cc .  The # 150 bra claims to take you from a B-cup to a
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B . Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead , New York .  The mother , Annika McKenzie , 34 , walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher , Catherine Engelhardt .  McKenzie believed the teacher had ` put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day .
Up to 2500 passengers on board the Carnival Spirit are at the mercy of the wild seas as storms batter the east coast .  The cyclonic winds battering Sydney have also caused drama for passengers .  Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia , Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves .  High winds have caused minor damage to some external features
Luxury ski company Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for après cocktails in the grounds of one of its chalets in Verbier , Switzerland .
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United on transfer deadline day .  The 23-year-old is hoping to get his hands on the Scottish Premiership title .  Armstrong says he would feel even more like a Celtic player with a league winners ` medal .  The midfielder says winning the title would be a ` great way to start '  Armstrong admits that a title party in the east end of
Scientists at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 men and women .  They were asked to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk .  Tipy people , who had downed one large 250ml glass of 14 per cent wine-that 's one-third of the bottle-were consistently voted as the ` most attractive '  Alcohol ` mimics ' how a person 's body `
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year .  Prince Ottaviano de ` Medici di Toscana has proposed adding Florence to UNESCO 's endangered list .  The Save Florence campaign aims to appeal to ` true travellers ' rather than tourists blitzing the city in a couple of hours .  Tour operator Mark Gordon Smith wants to show the city 's decline through a series of short video documentaries .
Andrew Hichens is trained to respond to crimes , fires and medical emergencies .  He will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle , Western Cornwall .
The Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world-and 150 of them can fit in a thimble .  It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light .  This includes indoor rooms with no natural sunlight , allowing the computers to run perpetually .  By strobing light at a high frequency , the operator is able to send information to the computer via conventional radio frequencies
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
An extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger in a slouch hat .  The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York , far north Queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn .  The 50-year-old describes it as ` the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100
Man was walking close to the edge of Philadelphia 's 15th Street Station on Wednesday night when he tumbled .  Bystanders rushed back in shock as he fell from view .  But almost instantaneously , a man in an Eagles jacket ran over and threw himself onto the tracks to save him .  The pair lay on the platform in shock for a minute .
Manuel Pellegrini says academy players at Manchester City are not ready for the first team .  Defender Dedryck Boyata is City 's only academy player near first-team contention .  City may look to cherry-pick the best youngsters from their top-flight rivals .  Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players , which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an English
Pablo Mandado , 27 , and Ilze Zebolde , 31 , have cycled almost 7,000 miles -LRB- 11,131 . 92 km by their measurements -RRB- in 356 days .  Couple have been through 16 countries since leaving London last year .  They have been living on less than three euros each a day , or 10 euro cents per kilometre .  Pair have been sleeping on hosting websites such as
Federal judge has approved a plan to resolve concussion lawsuits brought by more than 5,000 former players that could cost the league $ 1billion over 65 years .  The deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions .  The NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday
Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham 's record for England 's leading wicket-taker in Tests .  The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua .  It is far from easy for a fast bowler to play 100 Tests and in Anderson 's case you cannot say he has lost a yard of pace because of all that hard work he has
Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Blackburn 's Jordan Rhodes .  The 25-year-old striker has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons .  Dougie Freedman failed in a bid to sign Rhodes on loan with view to a permanent deal in March .  Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for Rhodes .  Gary Bowyer expects further interest in Rudy Gestede .
Graeme McDowell believes Jordan Spieth may not be the only rival Rory McIlroy has to face as he looks to complete the career grand slam and add more majors to his collection .  The world number one won his first major title at Augusta 12 months ago with a record-breaking victory at the Masters on Sunday .  McIIlroy 's fourth place in the Masters is his best finish in seven
Chris Rowe , 31 , was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer .  Father-of-one visited doctors five times in two months .  He was sent home each time , reassured he was most likely suffering a virus .  But after coughing up blood and being taken to A & E , an X-ray revealed a tumour .  Mr Rowe , from Gloucester , has been told his cancer
California 's Golden State is turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought .  The state has long been one of the world 's biggest producers of fruit and vegetables .  In total , almonds are annually consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water in the state -- a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39999 people .  But domestic water consumption is dwarfed by
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final .  The Slovenian goalkeeper made a string of excellent saves to deny Gareth Bale an early goal .  Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the Bernabeu next week .  Diego Simeone did not want to put the blame on Sergio Ramos for an incident which saw Mario Mandzukic left with a bloodied face .
Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink was found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml .  This is more than the amount in a can of Coca-Cola , officials said .  PomeGreat ` Super Juice ' had 12.1 g , which is the same as 15.1 g in Old Jamaica Ginger Beer .  A 300ml serving of any of the four drinks would breach the 25g daily sugar limit recommended
Jan Hansen , 58 , from Sleaford , Linconshire , made the egg using 352lbs -LRB- 160kg -RRB- of chocolate .  Layers of chocolate cover an egg-shaped iron frame .  The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars .  Mr Hansen hopes to raise # 1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice .  The chocolatier has
Joseph O ` Riordan , 73 , stabbed his 47-year-old wife Amanda eight times .  She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back .  The couple , from Polegate , East Sussex , met in 1991 and had been married for ten years .  He rang an ambulance after the attack in October last year and admitted what he had done .  Four
Matt Stopera misplaced his phone in New York City and ended up in the hands of Li Hongjun in southeastern China .  Mr Stopera said he asked himself , ` Who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? '  The phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern China .  Mr Hongjun had received the phone as a
Tim Sherwood took over as Aston Villa boss on Valentine 's Day .  Villa have won five games in their last nine matches .  Christian Benteke has scored nine in his last seven for Villa .  Villa have already surpassed the total goals managed with Lambert at the helm this season .  Villa have scored 16 goals in 10 games , compared to 15 in 28 .  Rushian Hepburn-Murphy made
The USA Freedom Act would allow phone companies to request certain records held by the companies under a court order in terrorism investigations .  The authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it .  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is apparently out of phase , sponsoring his own bill to extend the PATRIOT
Chris Early , who owns a production company in Knoxville , Tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too .  The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to ABC News , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies .  The clip shows his daughter , Katie ,
The 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the world map from memory .  A professor in New York invited him to a class .  During which he got up on a chair and drew the map .  The world map was highly accurate and even included political borders .  Reddit user Bobitis said : ` I just was amazed ... especially as a father of a child with similar
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look .  Nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look-even it proved hazardous to their health .  The survey , conducted by beauty research organization LQS and Associates , looked at the lengths 1,000 American women go to to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity ,
Alastair Cook -LRB- 95 -RRB- and Jonathan Trott -LRB- 72 -RRB- both scored centuries in St Kitts .  Ben Stokes impressed with a lively spell with the ball .  Cook had been axed from the one-day side on the eve of the World Cup .
Binmen in Farnham , Surrey , said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of rules .  Said it had been dropped there by litterbug and not by owner of bin .  Elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because scrap of cellophane on top .  Residents have branded waste collection squads as ` little Hitlers '
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif , the resident experts on the popular E ! reality show Botched , spoke to Cosmopolitan . com about the ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season .  One of their patients this season , Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh , received black market injections from a self-proclaimed ` physician ' who had her face filled with cement at
The Brody WorkLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community .  The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $ 2,700 .  Brody features an LED task light , privacy screen , foot rest , storage space and personal adjustable work surface .  The Cognitive Neuroscience Karolinska Institute
Ben Affleck appeared on Finding Your Roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner .  He asked the network to leave that information out of the show .  This enabled him to hide the identity of his ancestor , named today as James McGuire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in the 1840s .  Today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium .  The Yorkshire side were entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in League One .  Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights .
The 202mph supercar crashed into a tree and careered into the middle of the road .  Onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar said he would buy another .  The young man is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it was a write-off .
The Sokaze-ki Q fan has a diameter of 10 inches -LRB- 25cm -RRB- and weighs 4.6 lbs -LRB- 2.1 kg -RRB- .  It uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch device .  It then moves through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front .  Once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure
A hue of blue inspired by the waters of Hawaii is a prominent feature of the Obama state china service being unveiled by the White House .  The first lady chose what 's being called ` Kailua Blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services .  Pickard , America 's oldest fine china company ,
Hailo claims to have launched a piggy back taxi service on April 1 .  The taxi app allows customers to find a black cab wherever they are in London .  Online gift store Firebox has touted a shiny jelly mould inspired by Kim Kardashian 's behind .  Licktators introduce a ` bootyful ' lollypop of their own-with an 18 rating too .  You can make someone a nice slice of
Brett Anthony O ` Connor was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago .  The former head of child safety at Education Queensland has been charged with ten counts of sex offences .  His lawyer , Phillip Mulherin , applied for a suppression order in the Tweed Heads Local Court on Monday .  Magistrate refused the request after
Usually at this time of year we would still be eating vegetables imported from Spain and South America .  But thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until August .  It is stocking large Jack Hawkins , aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums .  And the supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month .  Strawberries are already on the shelves-far
Abou Diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday .  Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Diaby a new contract .  Wenger said he has made it clear how he envisages the future for Diaby .  Diaby has featured just once this season , playing for 67 minutes in the Capital One Cup defeat by Southampton in September .  Club captain Mikel
Solomon Bygraves , 29 , has been jailed for 30 months for mugging Stanley Evans , 93 .  The pensioner was knocked to the ground for # 5 after the attack in Soho , London .  Thug , who is homeless and has 21 convictions for 49 offences , asked the courts to lock him up for a ` long time '  Mr Evans said : ` He should not
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side have not lost to Atletisco Madrid in six meetings .  Fernando Torres has hailed Diego Simeone as the reason for their success .
The 27-year-old sex trade worker emerged from a home in Toronto bound by handcuffs , badly bruised and naked from the waist down begging for help .  Peter Hamilton heard her cries as he was passing by and desperately tried to free her from her restraints .  He wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home , forcing him to take out the only item he
Benjamin Carr , 22 , harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five Pennie Davis .  He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier .  Mrs Davis , 47 , was stabbed 13 times as she tended her four horses in a farm paddock near Beaulieu , Hampshire .  Carr was caught after the killer accidentally
Australian model and environmental scientist Laura Wells designed the line .  Collaboration with US brand Swimsuits For All .  SwimSexy is made from 100 per cent recycled materials .
Scientists analysed 11 rock samples from around the .  nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the .  Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age .  Little Foot , a member of the species .  Australopithecus prometheus , lived at roughly the same time as .  Austraopitheci afarensis , the species whose most famous .  fossil , known as Lucy , comes from Ethiopia .  The findings may have important implications
Paul Pogba is said to be the subject of a # 50m bid from Barcelona .  Spanish press reports indicate Chelsea are their only rivals .  Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem to start against Celta Vigo .  L ` Equipe look ahead to a big weekend in the French title race .  PSG are top of Ligue 1 with eight games to go .  Champions PSG face
A video uploaded by YouTube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen .  As the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes .  When the first egg emerges she cries for joy and with the third delivery she lets out a shriek .  To date the video clip-originally filmed in 2013-has been watched more
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O. . S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home .  Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself , she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt .  When she was rescues she had an awful flea infestation , ear
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against David Price .  ` Del Boy ' has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury in November .  The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko 's WBO title .  Fury is now the mandatory challenger for that title .  His promoter Frank Warren has confirmed he has been back in the gym
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup .  The pre-season tournament , which is now in its third year , is set to be played between July 11 and August 5 .  Barcelona , Porto , Paris Saint-Germain , Fiorentina , New York Red Bulls , San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will also take part .  Louis van Gaal will lead his side out
Medical and law enforcement sources said Gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van '  It is believed Gray fell into the door , breaking his neck during the journey .  It comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop .  Police Commissioner Anthony Batts revealed a private security camera
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya .  The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday .  Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League .  Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send them through .  Cristiano Ronaldo provided a superb assist for the Mexican striker .  Michael Carrick led the tributes to Hernandez on Twitter after the game .  Sky pundit Thierry Henry criticised Hernandez for not immediately running to Ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal .  Marca
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Manchester United were beaten 3-0 by Everton at Goodison Park .  Goals from James McCarthy , John Stones and Kevin Mirallas did not flatter Everton .  Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton 's motivation .  Van Gaal fears the defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure to United in the race for fourth .  Chris Smalling admitted that United were ` second best from the first
A third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions , according to a recent survey of 1,025 Australian parents .  More women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ` more important ' things in the last week , than had men .  The cost , says clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins , will be our happiness-and
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico .  Bale injured his calf in Saturday 's 3-1 win against Malaga .  The 25-year-old took to Facebook on Wednesday to wish Real Madrid good luck .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side face city rivals at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday night .  Bale will be without first-team regulars Karim Benzema and Luka Modric .  CLICK
Since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO .  Last year 1.1 million people reached its dizzying peak .  A new master plan , to be implemented between 2015 and 2019 , has been revealed , calling for the re-conceptualisation ` of Machu Picchu .  Entry to the site will be moved to a
John Brown says Ally McCoist will be welcomed back at Ibrox ` with open arms '  The club 's record scorer has not been spotted at his old ground since last month 's general meeting to see the board which axed him as manager swept out of power .  The 53-year-old was removed from the manager 's office in December as relations with the old board crumbled and has spent
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds .  The pair were filmed at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre .  They were pitted against another couple of pandas , Yi Bao and Jin Xin .  The average length of a ` romp ' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes .
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35 am as the most hectic , frenzied time of the morning routine .  Mum of two Sophie Falkiner has told Daily Mail Australia that she has a ` million and one ' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door .  Australian parents spend an average 140 hours per year getting children breakfast .  The study
Yaya Toure has hinted he is open to leaving Manchester City .  The Ivory Coast international 's agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to City about the way forward .  Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season .  Toure earns more than # 1m a month at City .
Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out , compared to a fifth of the general population .  Young people admitted to forgetting how they got home , driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated .  A new poll of 4,000 British adults found 7 per cent reported they have a drinking problem
Cathryn Parker , 72 , has lived under at least 74 different people in Los Angeles .  She was stopped for a traffic violation after giving police a false name .  Police tracked down her house , they found she was leasing under another false name .  The case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft .  Parker was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud
Google has been in the White House more than 230 times since Obama took office -- approximately once per week .  At least 190 of those meetings were with senior officials .  Google spent $ 16.8 million on lobbying last year .  That 's four times the amount spent by Apple , whose market capitalization is twice as big .  In 2011 , the FTC found Google allegedly manipulated search
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday .  Craig Gardner scored a spectacular second-half goal for the Baggies .  Tony Pulis ` side are now eight points clear of the relegation zone .  The Welshman left Palace on the eve of the new season .
The 25 to 35-year-old man entered a branch of the U . S Bank in Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money .  His blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name .
Heather Mack , 19 , is accused of murdering her mother , Sheila von Wiese-Mack .  The Chicago socialite , 62 , was found dead at the St Regis Hotel , Bali , in August last year .  Mack and boyfriend Schaefer , 18 , have been jailed for 15 years and 18 years respectively .  Prosecutors have asked judges to jail the U.S. . teenager for the murder .
Luke Lazarus was jailed on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross , inner Sydney in May 2013 .  Lazarus said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it was n't made him ` absolutely sick to my stomach '  When sentencing him , Judge Sarah Huggett found the offence was not premeditated but said
Economists Olivier Marie from the Dutch University and Ulf Zölitz of IZA studied 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world .  They found that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses .  At the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League .  If he ` was a betting man , which we ' re not allowed to do , I would be putting a bet on him keeping them up , ` says Ramsey .  QPR have scored four goals in a Premier League away game for the first time since March 1994 against Norwich .  A second
Andreas Lubitz purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 , killing 150 people .  Strict German privacy laws prevented doctors treating him from telling his airline about his ` suicidal tendencies '  He had been forced to stop his training because of severe depression .  TIME article said : ` German .  privacy laws let pilot ` hide ' his illness from employers `  Frank Ulrich Montgomery , president of the German
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off .  The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface , almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future .  Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg .  It is so powerful it can help propel riders into the air off
Brandon Afoa , 33 , was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed .  The incident , which took place at 2am on December 26,2007 , left him unable to use his legs or right arm .  He went on to sue the Port of Seattle-which owns and operates the Sea-Tac airport-saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace
In January the commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as ` inadequate ' and placed it in special measures , along with a dozen of the worst hospitals in the country .  Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by Labour Party activists and trade unionists who oppose privatisation .  The new version of the report rates the hospital as ` good ' in
The 28-year-old Sydney fighter , known as Ahmed Shaheed , bought the tiger cub from a small village , near the Syrian city of Aleppo .  Abou Shaheed al-Muhajir tweeted a picture of a little owl in a dirty cage .  Shaheed said he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company .  The fighter 's extravagant purchase was met with surprise by one of his fellow
NBC have moved their Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford , Connecticut , to England for this weekend 's round of matches .  NBC host Rebecca Lowe has helped to improve coverage of the Premier League in America .  Lowe was at Turf Moor to present Burnley 's Premier League match against Arsenal .  Lowe was joined by retired MLS star Kyle Martino and former Wimbledon midfielder Robbie
Almost half of headteachers have vacancies in English , maths and science departments .  They are struggling to fill core teaching positions , with some posts attracting only one or two applicants .  School leaders warn the ` bleak ' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and ` greater competition ' for graduates among employers .  86 per cent had ` difficulty ' recruiting
Tibor Racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle , north of Sydney , on Sunday night .  The 42-year-old was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head .  The incident took place outside the shopping centre in Newcastle .  The teenagers could have been dealt with
A 49-year-old woman was treated at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York .  She developed a huge tumour underneath her left breast , which protruded through the skin .  After just one dose of ipilimumab and nivolumab , she reported her tumour ` kind of dissolved '  She returned to the hospital three weeks later for her second dose of the drugs combination , she revealed to doctors
Experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space-a sense of gravity .  In the weightless environment of the space station , researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull .  Results will show if the plants can sense changes in gravity , and adapt levels of calcium in their cells to compensate for
All 13 choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church in Lavenham , Suffolk , have now resigned over Stephen Hogger 's sacking .  The 55-year-old music director had been at the 14th century church for 17 years .  He was given three months ` notice to terminate his part-time paid post on March 29 .  The walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the
Spectators have flocked to see local boy Jordan Spieth in action .  Phil Mickelson has also impressed in the run up to the Masters .
James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their argument with a referee during Friday night 's clash between South Sydney and Canterbury at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney .  The NRL Judiciary Code of Procedure states that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will ` form part of the review '  Both Canterbury forwards could have these charges referred to the NRL
Robert Blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car and ploughed into Liberty Baker , 14 .  He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone .  Maureen Baker , 45 , wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene of her daughter 's death .  Her husband Paul , 47 , said : ` If it was not for our
Traffic started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside .  A silver Mercedes tried to sail up the inside lane to avoid having to wait .  But a Renault driver pulled into the outside lane to block the Mercedes .  The pair then swerve around the lane blocking the Mercedes from passing .  The pair are then forced to wait 10 minutes in the queue like
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years .  More than 2,000 labiaplasty operations were performed in 2010 .  Trend is reflected in Australia where procedures have more than doubled .  The surgery involves reducing the size of a woman 's labia minora to make them more symmetrical and smaller than the labia majora .  Experts at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists have called for
Applicants must measure 5ft 6in , have a 25 1 / 2 in waist , a high hip of 35 , low hip of 36 1-2 , and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob .  They must not have tattoos or body piercings and must also be an expert in yoga .  The casting call , for Austrian water brand Vöslauer , will feature a group
There is a rising number of firms in the US that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol , or CBD , taken from hemp .  Cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids .  Hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods , hemp oil , wax , resin , rope , cloth , paper , and fuel
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 2-1 at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .  The Magpies were beaten in the last five Tyne-Wear derbies .  John Carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve .  Phil Neville was scathing in his assessment of Newcastle a fortnight ago .  He said they played like a side with their flip-flops on .  Sunderland had won the previous
Claudia Martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' which she no longer suffered from .  Court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a ` pathological denial of pregnancy ' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl .  She ` intended ' to dispose of the tragic baby 's body
David Raven scored the winner as Inverness Caledonian Thistle beat Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park .  The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years .  Celtic should have had a penalty when sub keeper Lukasz Zaluska bulldozed into the back of an opponent .  Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths said : ` We should be ashamed of themselves '  Celtic are like the
Audrey Dimitrew , 16 , of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors in November believing she would get playing time , but was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team .  The sophomore at Woodgrove High School and her family have filed a lawsuit against the league , Chesapeake Region volleyball Association .  They said she was accepted to another
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday .  Nearly 4,000 fans watched Roberto Martinez put his players through their paces for free .  The Toffees take on Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday .
LaNia Roberts , 18 , is an art student at Syracuse University in New York .  She made a New Year 's resolution in 2012 to lose weight and love herself more .  The Louisville native also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw .  Earlier this month , she gave a moving motivational speech titled ` Love Yourself Unconditionally
The EA Sports Performance Index is the official player rating index of the Premier League .  Sergio Aguero , Cesc Fabregas , Aaron Cresswell , Santi Cazorla and Phil Jagielka all make the EA Sports Team of the Year XI .  Chelsea 's Eden Hazard won the individual gong at the ceremony in London .  Click here for all the latest Chelsea news .
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach .  The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 .  Donald said : ` It was always a big dream of mine to work in the South African cricket environment after my playing days '
Man believed to be impersonating as Army Infantry caught on video in Florida .  Accused of wearing uniform to get free drinks and meet women in city of Sunrise .  Young man asks the ` fake army infantryman ' where he did basic training .  The young man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in Fort Benning , Georgia .  The man then says : ` Do you
Over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday 's main event , the Crabbies Grand National .  Seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu , ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis , take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices ` Chase and following up from his second place at the World Hurdle at Cheltenham .  A . P McCoy rides Don Cossack and Eastlake
Frankie Franz had a go at the trick shot after watching Martin Montoya pull it off .  The nine-year-old kicked the ball and sent it straight through the net twice .  The youngster is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club .  His mother Lucy , 32 , said : ` He is very good at football , but that was just amazing '
Iona Costello , 51 , and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport .  Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan , but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts .  Mrs Costello , who was her late husband George 's third wife and inherited his entire estate along
Thousands of Newcastle United fans protested against owner Mike Ashley .  Protest group AshleyOut . com had urged fans to boycott the game .  Several hundred gathered outside St James ` Park before kick-off .  Supporters were upset at a lack of investment from the club .  Sunderland fans rented a plane and banner to fly over the stadium .
Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace .  James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies .  West Brom ended their run of 10 away games without a victory , drawing five and losing five .
Manchester City were beaten 4-2 by Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are now fourth in the Premier League .  Pablo Zabaleta admits they are facing a battle to finish in the top four .  City are now 12 points behind leaders Chelsea , who beat Sunderland 3-2 on New Year 's Day .  Sergio Aguero and Marouane Fellaini scored in the win at
Bruno Labbadia has been appointed as Hamburg 's new coach .  The 49-year-old has previously coached Bayer Leverkusen and VfB Stuttgart .  Hamburg are currently bottom of the Bundesliga table .
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to ` taxing for the sake of taxing '  Remarks highlighted divisions in Labour 's top ranks over the 50p rate .  It was introduced for the last few weeks of Gordon Brown 's government as a trap for Tories .  When George Osborne reduced it to 45p , Labour railed against ` millionaires ' tax cut `  In fact , rate applied to
Manny Pacquaio takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown .  He thanked Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support on Instagram .  The pair also thanked NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .  Pacquiao 's trainer , Freddie Roach , believes he is better equipped to
An American soldier was killed Wednesday when an Afghan soldier opened fire on a group of U.S. . troops in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad .  The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. . Embassy official .  All U.S. . Embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission .  NATO confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack ,
Lib Dem leader met by protesters in Surbiton , south-west London , today .  They chanted : ` Nick Clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free '  He ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the Dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor .  He said : ` I find it socially and morally unacceptable , but
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season .  Rangers are second in the Scottish Championship table with 12 players out of contract .  But he may not be in charge after being lured back to his old club .  He is compiling a dossier of targets as he looks to put the club in the best position .  Rangers have operated a haphazard transfer
Child Patrick Loughlin was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course .  He was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he 'd molested two boys aged between four and five .  Police searched his dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children 's underwear and diapers .  The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn , Lancashire was arrested on April 2 .  He allegedly communicated with an Australian man over a planned terror attack .  They allegedly planned to use knives and swords to hack officers to death .  Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack .  It is claimed they planned to knock over a policeman with a car then stab him .  It is
Stoke came from behind to beat Southampton 2-1 in their Premier League clash at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday .  Morgan Schneiderlin gave Southampton the lead in the first half before a second-half turnaround frommeme Diouf and Charlie Adam .  Stoke manager Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones is stopping Stoke from qualifying for Europe with his side 's win .  Stoke boss believes Jones 's hit Delilah is causing his
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL .  The 27-year-old posted a homophobic slur on Instagram in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans .  The good Samaritan had intended to donate a jersey to the injured young fan who was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium in Sydney .  Luke hit back to the taunts , saying : ` get off my page you lil poofters
England wing Christian Wade has been slammed by Wasps team-mate Andy Goode .  Goode accused the 23-year-old of having ` bad values '  Wade pulled out of a charity event for the Matt Hampson Foundation on Tuesday night .  The event was named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop .  Danny Cipriani , Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars at the ` Beers with the Boys
A new lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants , despite being closely related to notorious carnivore Tyrannosaurus rex , has been discovered in Chile .  Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' because of its bizarre combination of features including its small skull and feet .  Fossils dating from the Late Jurassic Period , around 145 million years ago , reveal an unusual combination of
Carl Thompson , 32 , from Dover , Kent , has gained 30 stone in just three years .  Spent # 200 a week on takeaways and online food shopping .  Spends # 10 a day on Chinese , curries , pizza or fish and chips .  Spens # 25 a week eating four sausages , five fried eggs , fried bread , mushrooms , pasties , crisps , sandwiches
Diego Maradona scored the winner during a friendly match in Bogota .  The Argentina legend lost his cool to kick out at a steward and a cameraman .  He was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans .  The 54-year-old was keen to get a message of peace across to his fans in the stands .  ` Enough of the violence in Colombia ! We want peace
A Gronking To Remember is a work of fan fiction about a woman 's sexual infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob ` Gronk `` Gronkowski .  The book was self-published by the pseudonym Lacey Noonan , meaning she is likely the one who chose the photo for the cover .  The unnamed couple are suing the book 's author , Apple , Amazon and Barnes & Noble for
Lewis Hamilton beat his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to win the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday .  The 29-year-old said he is prepared for further criticism from the German after the race .  The German claimed the Briton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race , drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel in his Ferrari .  Toto Wolff and Niki Lauda insist Hamilton was
Mark Zuckerberg opened up in a Q & A on the social media site .  He said the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments .  Facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed .  Users will be able to put on a VR headset and explore a location of their choosing .
Pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches , and since it launched in 2013 , more than a million have been sold .  Neptune Pine has a mammoth 2.4 in face , making it about twice the size of most smartwatch screens .  It is roughly half the size .  of an iPhone 4 screen .  With GPS , pedometer and compass , it can also .  track your activity
Marc and Shanon Parker , from Port Canaveral , Florida , have built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles .  Among their wonders are lifelike versions of Batman 's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car-or Ecto-1 .  They have even made an Optimus Prime truck , based on the most recent Transformers movie , as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike .  The brothers have turned
Washington Wizards moved 2-0 lead over the Toronto Raptors .  LeBron James led the way with 30 points and Kyrie Irving contributed 26 .  The Cavs beat the Boston Celtics 99-91 at the weekend .  The Wizards have won seven of eight away from home in the post-season .  The Raptors have won just one playoff series in six previous post season appearances .  The Houston Rockets beat the Dallas
Mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United .  The 26-year-old has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund .  Franz Beckenbauer believes the German defender is at the right age to leave Dortmund .  Dortmund are likely to miss out on European football next season .
London Mayor will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron .  Growing calls for Mr Johnson to be ` weaponised ' as party seeks to break away from Labour .  One by Survation for the Daily Mirror lifted Tory spirits by putting their party up four points in a week and moving ahead of Labour .  Internal polling suggests Mr Johnson is by far the most popular senior Tory
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September .  The Colombian striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford .  Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims United have yet to decide on a permanent deal .
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City .  Arsene Wenger 's side are ahead of the Gunners in the Premier League .  The Gunners are now ahead of City in the table and appear to be a club on the up .  But if # 30million or more is truly on the table , Arsenal must consider it .  He has n't played for the first
Random Darknet Shopper was designed as an online shopping system .  It would spend up to $ 100 a week by randomly purchasing an item .  The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists .  They then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen , Switzerland .  The dark net is a subsection of the deep web-the part of the
The Trussell Trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks .  The number of people who were given three days ` worth of food at one of its 445 branches in the past financial year at 1,084,604 .  The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as ` shocking ' evidence that millions need emergency food because of low pay , the so-called bedroom
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona after 14 minutes with a superb finish .  David Luiz doubled Barcelona 's lead in the second half to make it 5-1 on aggregate .  Edinson Cavani and Blaise Matuidi also netted for the French champions .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic had the ball in the net on 17 minutes but he was a yard offside .  Barcelona were held to a 1-1 draw by PSG
Sasha Obama , 14 , was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday .  Reporters initially seemed to fear that the unscheduled departure was some sort of emergency , but officials apparently tipped them off to the president 's destination .  The family 's hike happened to take place during the National Park Service 's
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The fight will be a reported # 160million mega-fight between the pair .  Actor Mark Wahlberg visited the Filipino at his training camp .  CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Lionel Messi , Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 goals in their first season together .  The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry , Samuel Eto ` o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals .  In this campaign Messi has 46 , Neimar 28 and Narez 19 despite missing the first three months through suspension .  Gareth
Series of mysterious signs have appeared in the affluent village of Milford .  One read : ` I love you do much please forgive what I said please '  Another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the ` best day of my life '  Signs have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author .  Do you know who wrote the signs or
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park .  Philippe Coutinho scored the winner to send Liverpool into the semi-finals .  Mario Balotelli was not included in the squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn Rovers .  The # 16million striker withdrew himself from the squad on Saturday .  Robbie Savage branded the striker ` pathetic ' for missing the game .  The Brazilian posted a photo
James Rodriguez opened the scoring for Real Madrid .  Cristiano Ronaldo doubled the lead with a deflected free-kick .  Almeria have won two of their last three games .
Women aged 17 to 25 were found to judge themselves alongside pictures of friends .  They read magazines ` infrequently ' but checked Facebook every few hours .
Bentley design chief Luc Donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur .  He posted a comment on Lincoln designer David Woodhouses ` Facebook page that was subsequently deleted .  He wrote : ` Do you want us to send the product tooling ? '  Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand
Sharon Edwards , 55 , was last seen on March 14 in Grafton , NSW .  Investigators , including forensic officers and the dog squad , returned to her home on Monday with a crime scene warrant .  Police also went back to the nearby suburb of Lawrence , where Ms Edwards and her husband , John , still own their family home .  The mother-of-three 's disappearance has rocked
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video .  It looks at the composition of Iron Man 's suit and Captain America 's shield .  Stark 's original suit , made only of iron , would have weighed around 70kg -LRB- 150lbs -RRB- .  He later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy , but that would make things worse .  This suit is
Liverpool host Arsenal at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday .  Robbie Fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in Premier League history in 1994 .  Thierry Henry scored a treble for Arsenal at Highbury in 2004 .  Martin Skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in Liverpool 's 2-2 draw in December .  Peter Crouch also scored a hatreble against the Reds in March 2007 .  Liverpool have produced the most hat-tricks
British photographer , Laura Stevens , 38 , created the series ` Another November '  The series captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship .  She asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love .  Titled each image after the first name of the woman posing to help create greater intimacy .  The 38-year-old said the project helped her deal
In an interview with NPR , Obama said likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker may change his ` foolish ' position on a deal with Iran ` after he 's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy '  Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter , saying , ` Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than
German Chancellor Angela Merkel threw down the gauntlet to David Cameron .  She called for a new system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on population and economic strength .  The call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean where hundreds have died trying to get from northern Africa to Italy .  David Cameron insisted at an emergency EU summit on Thursday that the
A Utah photographer , Alan Lawrence , created a photo series called ` Wil Can Fly ' in which his 18-month-old son , Wil , who has Down Syndrome , appears to be flying .  Lawrence began taking the photos when Wil was just months old , created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out .  He posted the photos on his
The fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its tongue onto beef steak .  Realising that its tongue is stuck , the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free .  Luckily for the fly however , help emerges in the form of a human thumb .
Experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch -LRB- 10 kilometres -RRB- means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time .  Nine sections of the Wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region .  The first complete Wall was built during the reign of China 's first
Yom Hazikaron-or Memorial Day-is held the day before Israel 's independence day , linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state .  Under law all places of entertainment , including cinemas , theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day .  In total , Israel remembers 23,320 people who died ` fighting for the national cause ' since 1860 .  In recent years the
Mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock , an island off the coast of Weymouth , Dorset , on Sunday .  The group included renowned trial bike riders Jack Gear , 25 , Andrei Burton , 29 , and Joe Seddon , 19 .  It 's not the first time the riders have pulled such a daredevil stunt-last year they cycled
Celtic were beaten 1-0 by Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of ` sour grapes '  Brown was part of the Ibrox side which contested an Old Firm Scottish Cup final with two trophies already banked .  He was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy Aitken that saw the skipper take a throw-in that should have gone
The I ` m UP Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room , forcing you to get out of bed to do so .  A code matched specifically to your app can be printed on your favourite mug or a fridge magnet .  When the
Dale Cregan has reportedly been transferred from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital .  The 31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting police officers in 2012 .  He was said to have started refusing food after being moved to solitary confinement .  Source said : ` If he 's offered a move he likes , he will start eating '  He was ` playing the system ' after going on hunger
Bahar Mustafa , 27 , student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University .  Picture of her pretending to cry posted online as she was being accused of discrimination .  Handmade poster also refers to a ban on ` cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match , which is the opposite of transgender .  Photograph first appeared on
Patrick Miller , a self-employed personal trainer , created the video with friend Damien Rigden .  The video , titled ` Never letting him book a hotel again ' , offers a glimpse into every traveller 's nightmare .  The pair stayed at the family-run hotel in Cyprus last week for a friend 's wedding .  They were shocked to find deplorable conditions at the ` horrendous ' hotel .
Alan Stubbs ` side beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby .  Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored the goals for the Hoops .  Hibs remain level on points with Rangers , who have a game in hand .  Hibs manager said his players had always answered the criticism .  Hibs face Falkirk in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Saturday .
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer , police say .  Police say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .
Rodrigo Alves , 31 , is best known as the new Human Ken Doll after reportedly spending more than $ 265,000 on plastic surgery .  He has had four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six-pack implants .  The London flight attendant is set to appear on the new season of the E ! reality show Botched , this time as a mentor for another patient .  Doctors in the UK started
Jennifer Drew , 31 , has saved # 17,000 by shopping for deals and coupons .  Mother-of-one estimates that she saves # 70 each week on food .  She has even dedicated the garage at her home in Ashby-de-la-Zouch , Leicestershire , to stockpiling extra products .  The frugal English teacher is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to
A new report claims Ivan Milat , Australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been caught before he killed seven backpackers .  Boris Milat was 17 when he shot his first victim , Neville Knight , in 1962 .  Mr Milat confessed the shooting was his murderous brother 's first violent crime , despite police never once considering him a suspect .  He was sentenced to life in
Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday 's Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes .  The 1,000 Guineas hope is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas .  Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes last September .  Trainer Richard Hannon is represented by Osaila and Marsh Hawk .
Alison Hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening .  She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat .  The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue .  After five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose .  It was part of a cheap # 1.50 set she had
A pair of turkey-sized ` egg thief lizards ' dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s .  Palaeontologists from the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia .  One is a complete skeleton , while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail .  They suggest that male oviraptors had broader and
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $ 2.5 million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal .  The trader bought 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them .  The trader paid $ 36 a share , and the call option was a mere 35 cents as options on the stock were
Graham Dorrans gave the Canaries an early lead with a deflected free-kick .  Adam Le Fondre looked to have rescued a point but Gary Hooper lobbed the ball over Adam Bogdan to score an invaluable goal .  Former Celtic striker Gary Hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich on track for promotion .  Norwich remain second in the Sky Bet Championship after a
Pablo Osvaldo believes that Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti should move to Boca Juniors .  The 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from Southampton .  He has scored three goals in six games for the Argentinian giants .
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months .  A stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a # 400 a week gardener .  Their loss of income saw Victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant .  But the pair then had their benefits cut and were forced to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans .  Philip was given
The analogue promotional watch is listed on the auction site with a ` buy it now ' price of $ 2,499 . 99 -LRB- # 1,707 . 47 -RRB- .  For the same price as the 1997 timepiece , Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport , which cost # 299 in the UK and still have some change .  The watch was made by Quartz
Jerald Christopher ` JC ' Jackson , of Immokalee , Florida , was arrested on Saturday .  He entered an acquaintance 's apartment Saturday with two men .  The 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment , and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun , police said .  Police said they took two video game consoles , marijuana and $ 382 from the apartment 's three residents
Maternity style can be a hard thing to get right .  With a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape , it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy .  Some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising that it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically .  Others choose to showcase a softer , more demure side to themselves .  Others will simply continue with their glamorous
Steve Bruce is confident he can keep Hull City in the Premier League .  Hull were beaten 2-0 by Southampton on Saturday and are just two points clear of the drop zone .  Ronald Koeman 's side moved to fifth in the table ahead of Tottenham and Liverpool .
Dirk Kuyt has signed a one-year deal with Feyenoord .  The 34-year-old is aiming to end his professional days at the club .  Kuyt retired from international football in October .  He was part of the Netherlands team that finished second at the 2010 World Cup .
Warrington lost 30-10 to Widnes Vikings in the Cheshire derby .  The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand .  Wolves ` losing run is their worst since 2009 .  Kevin Brown returned from a three-match absence with a hamstring injury .
Gianni Paladini appears to be keen on taking over at League One side Bradford .  Former QPR chairman has registered as a director of Bradford City holding company .  The Italian has been searching for a way back into football since leaving QPR in 2011 .  He has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung .
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night .  The result lifts them to within a point of Atletico Madrid in La Liga .  Valencia last won La Liga in 2004 under Rafa Benitez .
Both federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year .  As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015 , some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk .  The average American ingests about 3,500 milligrams of salt per day-the amount of
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season as Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad .  David Silva and Jesus Navas were also on target for the Hammers at the break .  West Ham 's James Collins missed an own goal in the first half to make it 3-0 up .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side now sit third in the Premier League , six points
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner .  Arsenal , Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw .  Arsenal , who were knocked out by Monaco this season , could drop down in the pots for the group stages .  If Real Madrid do n't win La Liga or the Champions League they will be in pot 2 .
The victims of a medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis are now suing Johns Hopkins University .  The lawsuit , which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families , is seeking $ 1billion .  It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease , and of the roughly 75 % who were treated , only 25 %
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death in a hallway at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25,2014 .  Hundreds of people gathered at the school to pay tribute to the slain student .  The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother .  A classmate ,
Defending NBA champions San Antonio Spurs took part in music video .  Kawhi Leonard , Matt Bonner , Patty Mills , Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all appeared .  Spurs have won their last 11 matches , including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns .  They face New Orleans Pelicans in their final match before begin their play-off run .
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria .  It emerged that Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up for the Napoli job .  But Napoli president Massimo Ferrero appears to quash rumours of a job swap .
Sponge Bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries after being hit by a boat or a jet-ski .  The six-month-old seal had been nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctury .  It is feared that the seal could have been struck by a fast moving jet ski or speed boat .  She was found with breathing problems at Widemouth on the north coast of Cornwall .  Wildlife campaigners were able
Felipe Massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008 .  The Brazilian driver has twice been written off in the past .  Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together .  Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings .
The Boeing 757 was flying from Reykjavik , Iceland , to Denver , Colorado .  Passengers on the plane said the lightning struck shortly after takeoff .  It was n't until after landing that the passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane .  The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed .  The plane landed safely
David Cameron will say Tories are party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds .  He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment .  Claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid .  Suspicion of the Tories among ethnic minority voters could cost party nine seats at next month 's election and 50 within a decade .  Some senior Tories believe Mr Cameron has
Martyn Waghorn was sent off in the first half for a senseless kick at Dan Harding .  Magaye Gueye scored the second goal of the game in the third minute of stoppage time .  David Forde came on to break the deadlock with a rare strike from Jimmy Abdou .  Millwall 's Ed Upson was also sent off for reacting to a foul on Luke O ` Brien .  Wigan
Paris Picnics offers made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps .  Customers can select from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online .  The Tuileries gardens near the Louvre is one of Paris ` perfect picnic spots in the spring time .  For an additional fee , romantics can add a photo shoot , flowers or arrange a surprise set-up .
Jessica Hardy , 23 , from Hereford , was desperate to remove ex-flame 's name .  Mother-of-one tried to burn it off with acid when she met Ryan .  She said : ` I ' m desperate to get rid of it , I have bad dreams about it `  She applied the acid without diluting it with water or reading the instructions .  As a result , it immediately
Dave Roberts has bungee jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees .  He followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister 's footsteps by leaping off the bridge in 1913 .  The 50-year-old said ` Daniel , this one 's for you . I am going to collect your winnings '  He said : ` I screamed like a child as I was going down , but thoroughly enjoyed it
Grace Rebecca Mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in a home near the University of Mary Washington campus about 3pm Friday .  She was asphyxiated and had a plastic bag stuffed into her throat .  Her male roommate , Steven Vander Briel , 30 , was home when the two women stumbled upon the body , but ran out of the house .  He was
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Referee Mark Clattenburg will officiate the derby on Sunday .  City captain Vincent Kompany has been suspended for two bookable offences .  The 40-year-old has only sent off two players in the Premier League this season .  Both Tyler Blackcett and Luke Shaw have been from United this season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester derby news
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado 's Lotus on lap 49 of the Chinese Grand Prix .  The pair were dicing for 13th place when Button was sent into a spin .  The incident was referred to the race stewards and Button received a five-second penalty .  He was also given two penalty points on his superlicence .
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea 's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma .  The 18-year-old was on the bench for the Premier League clash at QPR .  But just hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side .  Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the final of the UEFA Youth League .  Cesc Fabregas scored a late goal to take the trophy
Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years , Febyanti Herewila .  According to Chan 's family the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday .  This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan prison in February .  The pair met each other in prison in 2012 after a friend introduced the
A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano .  Since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views .  ` There are n't many people here , ' the hiker says in Spanish in the video .  The volcano is believed to be among the three most dangerous
Peter Alliss has said that the BBC should have tried harder to win the rights to the Open Championship .  The 84-year-old said equality for women had ` b * * * ' * * up the game for a lot of people `  He added : ` The equality thing is a great part of golf . Equality for women : a few people battled away to get it
Landen Martin ran behind the car as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville , Georgia home on Sunday .  Joshua Saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including DUI , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .
Dr Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct .  The doctor , who opened one of NSW 's first anti-ageing clinics , has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission -LRB- HCCC -RRB- for her conduct between August 2007 and August 2009 .  It was revealed she had been prescribing drugs such as steroids to some 40 patients .  Some patients , such as bodybuilders and bouncers
More than half of UK children do n't have any veg , and 44 per cent have no fruit .  Annabel Karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables .  It 's easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to dishing up healthy food .  Her son was a fussy eater , so she had to think of ingenious ways
Jessica McCarty 's partner , Christopher Swist , allegedly killed her three children in a botched murder-suicide in Palm Bay , Florida , on March 20 .  The children were seven-year-old Lacey , six-month-old Phillip , and five-month old Christopher .  The mother , who was on a break with at the time , left a note at the scene saying she was ` sorry for what she had to
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 -LRB- 3 -RRB- , 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open on Friday night .  The No 1-seeded No 1 closed to within one win of his fifth Key Biscayne title .  His opponent Sunday will be two-time champion Andy Murray , who defeated Tomas Berdych 6-4 , 7-4 .  The Serb became the first player in the tournament to break Isner
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal to reach Monte Carlo Masters final .  World No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row .  Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfils 6-1 , 6-4 .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 to reach the Champions League semi-finals .  Neymar opened the scoring for the Spanish side at the Nou Camp .  Luis Enrique 's side went on to win 5-1 on aggregate on aggregate .  Sportsmail looks at the five things we have learned from the win .  He has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset .  Andres Iniesta has n't
Wander on the Isle of Wight to explore the Cotswolds Olimpicks in 1612 .  The Brighton Fringe and Brighton Festival paint the place every colour of the rainbow .  Cabaret , comedy , club nights , burlesque , street performance and theatre combine to make up an eclectic programme of events for the world 's third-largest fringe festival .  Norwich Cathedral will be expecting to shine bright this year 's
Dylan Miller , a senior at Juniata College , in Huntingdon , Pennsylvania , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour 's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities .  Miller built the hut out of fallen trees , leaves , rope and a tarp .  He has spent the last eight months studying
England full back Mike Brown could miss the rest of the season after failing to recover from concussion .  Brown was knocked out of the RBS 6 Nations Test against Italy in February .  The 29-year-old is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in training or team meetings .  Harlequins director of rugby Conor O ` Shea has ruled Brown out of Saturday 's Aviva Premiership match
Perth Glory supporters will face the prospect of a five year ban .  Two teenagers have been charged for allegedly setting off flares .  A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during the match at nib Stadium .  The Perth Glory supporter base vented their frustration at the club 's hierarchy .  The flares were set off during a match between the Perth Glory and Sydney FC .  The
Nearly 10,000 Edwardian felons are listed in the UK Midlands criminal register .  They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898 .  List was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol .  Offenders caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of ` hard labour ' in comparison to today 's fixed
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford -LRB- Sunday , 4pm -RRB- .  Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Luke Shaw will not feature .  Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble .  Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful with a hamstring injury .  Wilfried Bony and Stevan Jovetic are also out .  Sergio Aguero scored four goals in his last three Premier
Three Mormons , all from Utah , have been identified as transgender .  Grayson Moore , 22 , is a math student at the University of Utah .  Annabel Jensen , who was born Christopher , now lives alone .  She is estranged from her parents and siblings and has started taking hormones to be more female .  They are devout members of the Church of Latter Day Saints .
Jiang Min 's father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year .  He told them he was going to Binzhou City to find work but has not been heard from since .  His wife phoned a restaurant where he previously worked but was told he had left his job a while ago .  She says she ca n't understand why she has n't heard
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down ` without a fight ' , a source close to NBC .  He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being on a military chopper hit by an RPG over Iraq .
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a # 1.5 million Bugatti .  The boxer said the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours .  The # 1.5 million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later .
Grace Mann , 20 , was found with plastic bag stuffed down her throat .  Her roommate , Steven Vander Briel , 30 , has been charged with first degree murder .  University of Mary Washington student 's parents have paid tribute to her .  They said : ` She just wanted the world to be a safe place '
Shabana Bibi , 25 , died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body .  Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh .  Bibi 's brother said he will set himself alight if he does not get justice .
The former U.S. . Secretary of State is aiming to become US president in 2017 .  If she reaches her goal , she will be the second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House .  A black-and-white photograph of Clinton as a toddler has been posted .  It echoes Lord Kitchener 's famous slogan : ` Your country needs you '  Last week , Clinton posted the
Brazilian legend Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne on Monday night .  The pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf , Fabian Barthez , Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta .  The match reached double figures at the Geoffroy-Guichard Stadium .
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an England call-up .  Austin has scored 17 Premier League goals for QPR .  Danny Welbeck , Harry Kane and Daniel Sturridge are also in Roy Hodgson 's pecking order .  CLICK HERE for all the latest England news .
For the super-wealthy , money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts .  Wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen .  Victoria Hoffman , founder and CEO of the Miami-based concierge service , reveals she 's had clients request special access to exclusive events such as the Cannes Film Festival
Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club has become one of Britain 's most elite sporting venues .  Prince Charles was the first member of the club when it was founded in 1982 .  The club has attracted celebrities including Prince William and Harry , actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman .  But attempts to cash in on this elite status have been scuppered by the European Court .
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday 's Championship game .  The Welsh club backed their fans in handing back 500 tickets .  The reverse fixture earlier in the season saw Leeds fans offered 2,200 tickets .  Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club , council or police , when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets to away fans .
Collision was more than just a minor skirmish on tarmac at Tashkent airport .  It is unknown if the engine of the Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 777 was damaged .
Andrew O ` Clee , 36 , secretly moved in with Philippa Campbell , who lived 40 miles away .  He married her in a lavish wedding while Michelle was pregnant with their first child .  The bigamist told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was on a witness protection scheme .  He left mid-way through the birth after claiming police were waiting for him
Paul Allen , the Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ` Vulcan Aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems .  This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- .  The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the
Margaret Tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for 40 years .  The pensioner , a mother-of-four , has amassed a collection worth # 10,000 .  These are stored in four rooms , each with a different royal theme .  The drawing room is devoted to the Queen , while another has a # 75-a-night B & B .  The Sandringham Room has been turned into a #
Millions of years of erosion , explosions and a touch of folklore form the narrative behind some of the most unbelievable sights in the world .  Arizona 's The Wave in the U.S. . to the Fairy Chimneys of Turkey 's Cappadocia , the simple flow of water over stone has created some remarkable features that look as though they are n't even of this planet .  Svinafellsjokull glacier ,
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S .  A defect may prevent the mat detection system from deploying in a crash .  Only one person has been injured so far .  BMW will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free .
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation strugglers QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night .  Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick with seven minutes to go to earn Aston Villa a point .  Tim Sherwood 's side have now won six games to achieve Premier League survival .  The former Tottenham boss was in the dugout for the game before kick-off .  Sherwood launched his jacket to the ground in
James Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 wickets in 102 Tests .  West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin edged him to Alastair Cook at No 8 .  But that was to be the final English success in a gripping final day of the first Test in Antigua .  West Indies held on for a draw with nine wickets down after Anderson had set them a vast target .
Snow-covered coastline on Hokkaido Island , Japan , has risen 50ft from sea surface .  Geologists believe it is a result of a landslide nearby .  The mass , which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000-1 , 640 ft long , and 100ft wide .  Authorities have not been able to determine exactly when the landslide hit the coastline , but they do
David Ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty when he clattered Oscar .  Laurent Koscielny cruised through the first half owing to Chelsea playing with no striker .  Per Mertesacker showed little sign of a problem in a strong performance .  Olivier Giroud had little joy up front against Cesc Fabregas .  Mesut Ozil was not quite # 42.5 million , but he could n't find a
Nine-year-old Yazidi girl has been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in ISIS .  She was ` sexually abused by no fewer than ten men ' while in captivity , aid workers say .  She was taken to Germany by a Kurdish charity , where she is receiving medical care .  Comes after the release of 216 women , children and elderly prisoners near Kirkuk .  Around 40,000
Kristy Peckham , the mother of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon , has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered .  The single mum from North Queensland has spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair .  Gordon 's criminal past was revealed by Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk .  He resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament .  Ms Peckham says she and
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton in May to join Tottenham Hotspur .  The Argentine will be given a hostile reception at St Mary 's on Saturday .  Southampton fans are still angered by his decision to leave the south coast club .  Ronald Koeman and assistant head coach Erwin Koeman will wear orange instead of the usual red and white club colours .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news
Brayden Travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing .  His lungs and kidneys failed , and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage .  His mother , Kelly Smith-Miller , shared a picture of him unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body .  ` If my son 's story and picture can save one life or
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff at the Madejski Stadium in the FA Cup .  Pavel Pogrebnyak opened the scoring for Reading in the fourth minute .  Garath McCleary doubled Reading 's lead in the 90th minute .  Conor McAleny scored a late equaliser from Aron Gunnarsson 's cross .  Reading will face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18 .  On their previous semi-final appearance , in
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 in Super League clash .  Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try for the Red Devils .  Weller Hauraki and John Bateman were sent off two minutes from time .  Matty Bowen , Ryan Hampshire and Larne Patrick were also in the squad .  Salford organised a reunion of their 1996 side , which famously ended Wigan 's record-breaking Challenge Cup run .
Kellogg 's uses a complex web of companies to do business here .  Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland , where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent , compared with the UK 's 20 per cent .  Latest figures show the cereal giant effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013 .  Payments to HMRC by some of its
The Rubber Bowl in Akron , Ohio , was built in 1939 and served as the home for the University of Akron 's football team for 68 years .  It hosted acts such as Three Dog Night , Ringo Starr , Black Sabbath , Simon & Garfunkel , Alice Cooper , Bon Jovi , Van Halen , Metallica , Tom Petty , Bob Dylan , The Grateful Dead and Aretha
CCTV footage shows a woman allegedly stealing a box of ANZAC badges from an RSL club in Elsternwick , south-east of Melbourne .  The woman is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest .  She allegedly covers the box with her black vest as she casually walks out .  Caulfield RSL general manager Pete Frost has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down
A surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine and we need not be discouraged by the sight of the unusual sea creatures .  Jellyfish are an important part of our British wildlife and lead amazing lives , ` says University of Exeter natural environment lecturer Dr Matthew Witt .  If the person stung does n't have serious symptoms
The city of Puno is located on the shores of Lake Titicaca , one of the world 's largest lakes .  The city is home to the Uros Islands , which are hewn from mats of totora reeds , which grow abundantly in the shallows of the lake .  Men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters , while local women , known as cholitas , wear skirts puffed up with
Cell phone footage , recorded by the unnamed customer , claims to have been taken on Tuesday at a branch in Lake Charles , Louisiana .  The employee repeatedly asks to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshake that she had just been served .  After four requests to speak , the customer finally got the employee 's attention .  ` Baby , you '
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been suspended by the French league 's disciplinary commission .  The Paris Saint-Germain striker lost his temper following his criticism of a referee .  He insulted a referee and used an expletive to describe France .  He will miss league games against Nice , Lille , Metz and Nantes .  The 33-year-old is available for Saturday 's League Cup final against Bastia .
The 41-year-old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on son Romeo , 12 , today .  Accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ` Team Romeo ' T-shirt .  Alaïa Boots , which retail at approximately # 1,500 , were worn by the star .  Wore the shoes in the children 's marathon with husband David and her three sons .  Admitted in an interview : `
Ed Balls has ruled out any post-election pact with the SNP that would put Scotland ahead of England .  Shadow chancellor said he was ` unequivocal ' that he would not allow Nicola Sturgeon 's party to dictate a deal at England 's expense .  Mr Balls said it would be a ` betrayal of the English vote '  More than half of Scots plan to back SNP in the
Sacha Whitehead , 26 , was spurred into action after reading a friend 's Facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm .  The financial adviser was inundated with offers from people offering donations .  The mother said she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home at the peak of the violent storm .  She is collecting more donations today and handing them
Brooke Geherman , from Alberta , Canada , posted a video of her son , Kowen , flushing it down the toilet .  Kowen is devastated by the loss of his pet goldfish , Top .  He cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move .  The video has so far racked up 374,551 views on YouTube .
The Research Vessel Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years .  The 355-foot scientific platform turns 90 degrees , leaving just 50 feet above the surface .  As it sinks it looks like it is about to break up and plunge to the bottom of the ocean .
The three-inch house spider crawls out of Limmy 's mouth onto his chin .  The 38-year-old Scottish comedian kept a manic grin on his face during the clip .  The Glaswegian commented ` Sweet dreams ' to his fans in the seven-second clip .  One fan said : ` How does it know not to just go down your throat and get killed in an oesophagus spasm ? '
Jordan Henderson played as a wing back in Liverpool 's defeat against Arsenal .  John O ` Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in Sunderland 's 1-0 win over Newcastle .  Steven Caulker made 20 clearances for QPR against West Brom .  Loic Remy scored Chelsea 's winner in their 2-1 victory over Stoke .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .  Sportsmail takes a look at 10
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over PSG .  David Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva .  The Brazilian was a night to forget for the former Chelsea defender .
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday .  No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. . Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver , but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars .  In Aurora , near Denver , one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225
Boston Red Sox defeated the New York Yankees 6-5 in the first game of the season at Yankee Stadium on Friday .  The game lasted nearly seven hours-becoming the longest game in team history for both teams .  Boston took a six-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts .  Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy minutes after she was born .  It is a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood .  She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth .  She was kept at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours .  She was given hypothermia in a bid
Paul Scholes believes Angel di Maria 's red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to his fringe players .  United 's impressive run of form has seen them pick up 25 points from their last 10 games .  Scholes says United are still some way off challenging for the title .
Google Wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users ` funds .  Money will now be stored in multiple federally-insured banks .  This is because the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $ 250,000 .
Amanda Knox and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder .  They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US .  Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding them guilty .  In a shocking twist Italy 's highest court last week conclusively cleared the pair .  A third man Rudy Guede is serving a 16 year sentence for the
Carl Frampton will face Scott Quigg in a fight in Manchester on July 18 .  The two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill .  Eddie Hearn offered the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishman 's career to date .  The proposal was made live on television , with Quiton 's team , led by Barry McGuigan 's Cyclone Promotions , given until the end of the week to accept
Family court judge ruled boy must stay in the care of his local authority .  Details emerge about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading , Berkshire .  Judge Eleanor Owens said boy 's parents had accepted ` poor dental hygiene '  She said boy had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago .  NHS fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run .  Chris Ramsey believes his players can get a good result in both games .  The west London club have lost 13 of 14 league away games .  QPR are in 19th place just three points adrift of safety .  Villa have lost their last two league games , including a 3-1 defeat at Manchester United at
Karen Wakefield appeared in BBC 's controversial documentary ` People Like Us '  She took her 13-year-old daughter out of school to go on holiday to Turkey .  The mother-of-two said she does n't like the school telling her what to do .  She said her daughter 's school , the Manchester Communication Academy , refused to give her permission to take her daughter abroad during term time .  The
Rodney Stover , 48 , was arraigned on Thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street .  Stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a Long Island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar .  When the 23-year-old victim had entered the
A man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute into the front doors of a police station in the Northern Territory .  The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving the car at full speed towards the Harts Range police station .  Luckily the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs , was vacant at the
Gayla Neufeld , 52 , from Manitoba , Canada , inherited her big belly from her family .  Aged eight , Gayla already weighed 13st and continued to pile on weight in teens .  She married at 19 and embarked on a mission to battle the bulge .  She met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum .  She says men love her ` perfect belly ' and
Exeter has been dubbed ` too posh for Monopoly ' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road .  Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill more expensive slots , which are taken up on the London version by the likes of Mayfair and Park Lane .  Exeter has outdone all previous cities to
The $ 45.2 billion deal would have merged Comcast 's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable 's 11million .  The new company would have spun off or sold 3.9 million customers .  This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox .  On Wednesday night , the Wall Street Journal revealed that FCC regulators questioned whether the creation of mega-size TV and
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as ` the love of my life '  She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia .  John Suchet , 71 , declined to comment , saying it was a ` private family matter '
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video as they steal from passenger luggage .  The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft .  Airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 , according to airline customers .  A baggage handler at JFK Airport in New York was also caught on
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Young job seekers are filling in application forms using ` txt spk ' - text speak .  Forms saying : ` U r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ` Btw am out of work atm ' are examples hitting their job chances .  Insurance giant Admiral said many youngsters addicted to their mobile phones lose out at the very beginning of looking for work .  Cardiff-based car
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go .  Villarreal 's Diego Castro header gave Getafe a 1-1 draw in La Liga .  The Argentine suffered a dislocation and break of his left ankle .
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National at Aintree on April 11 .  The eight-year-old had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner , who was pulled up in the Cheltenham Gold Cup , in the # 1million race .  But the champion trainer said on Wednesday it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding which is far from certain
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges .  Allegations relate to her care and treatment of 14 patients at Furness General Hospital in Cumbria between February 2004 and September 2013 .  Ms Ratcliffe is the first of eight midwives accused of misconduct and poor care at University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay Foundation Trust to appear before the NMC .  In March , an independent inquiry found
Experts said training was ` heavily geared ' towards young people .  Many older workers were left behind in the workplace when companies start ` shedding ' jobs .  Over-55s had the same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 .  They were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s .  The Association of Accounting Technicians said the death of a ` job
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year .  Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa .  There were 52 shark attacks in US waters in 2014 , compared to 29 in 2015 .  Great White , Bull and Tiger sharks account for the vast majority of attacks .  Experts warn swimmers not to wear jewellery or items that reflect the light .  If you
Adam Prowse , 34 , of Torquay , was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson 's Do n't Stop ` Til You Get Enough .  The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed ` the happiest postman in the world '  The postman gyrated with customer Nichola Sullings 57 , of Exeter , Devon .  The 40-second-clip has been viewed 1.5 million times on YouTube .  Adam says he has
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Former CIA Director David Petraeus was sentenced to two years probation after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material .  He was also fined $ 100,000-more than double the $ 40,000 his attorneys had requested .  The former U.S. . Army General 's career was destroyed when the affair with Paula Broadwell emerged in November 2012 .  He was seen wearing his wedding
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away after falling foul of new rules following the switch to digital tax discs .  Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper disc documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands .  Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a ` money-making scam ' after figures showed clamping soared after the paperless system
Queensland toddler Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father , forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room .  The three-year-old 's body was found in squalid surroundings at the unit she shared with her father in Petrie , north of Brisbane , on March 30,2013 .  Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent have been charged with manslaughter and
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House .  It was designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in the atmosphere ' in the room .  But heritage experts have branded the move ` misguided '
President Barack Obama defended a framework nuclear agreement with Iran as a ` once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ' to prevent a bomb and bring longer-term stability to the Middle East .  He insisted the U.S. . would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack , but admitted that his pursuit of diplomacy has caused strain with the close ally .  ` I ' ve been very clear that Iran
Vivienne Garton , 65 , was devastated her West Highland terrier Ben was snatched .  The 10-year-old dog was partially sighted , partially deaf and cannot walk long distances .  He disappeared from the family home in Knowle West , Bristol , earlier this month .  She began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home .  But shortly after she received two phone calls threatening
Naughty Boy , real name Shahid Khan , has been working on Zayn Malik 's solo music .  He posted a clip of a track , I Wo n't Mind , which has since been removed .  It was thought to have been the 22-year-old 's first single .  The track , which is thought to be his first , sent fans and Louis Tomlinson into turmoil .  The pair
A man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy .  He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on Saturday .  Police are appealing to the public to help identify the robber .
John Terry is on course to appear in all 38 Premier League games this season .  The Chelsea captain has made an appearance in all 33 games .  The 34-year-old made just 14 Premier League appearances in 2012-13 .  Jose Mourinho described Terry 's defensive performance as ` amazing '
Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous Parisian gallery planned outside France .  It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area .  The first overseas branch of St Petersburg State Russian Museum has just opened in a refurbished tobacco factory .  Next door is the Malaga Automobile Museum , an extraordinary celebration of
Bella Hadid , 18 , is one of the hottest young talents in the fashion industry .  She is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi , 19 .  In her latest spread for Elle Magazine , Bella models several risque pieces that you would n't see on the average teenager .  In one image , the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit and
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016 .  Many people were genuinely upset-blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii .  Others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers , blaming ` shirtless f * * * wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ` gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would
Legendary goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has picked his Champions League dream team .  The Italian has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo , Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram .  Roberto Carlos , Iker Casillas and Fabio Cannavaro make his team .
London-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike .  Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage .  Crispin Sinclair is seeking # 50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo .  The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
Bunkie King , 60 , has finally laid to rest rumours about her relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her older sister , Leona .  Ms King 's first meeting with the actor was when she was 15 years old Sydney school girl .  She also appeared with Thompson in 1975 movie Scobie Malone .  Ms King , who has two children with her ex-husband , also revealed how
AP McCoy will ride Mr Mole in the Celebration Chase at Sandown .  The Paul Nicholls-trained horse will be McCoy 's last ride in a Grade One race .  His book of rides for his final day as a professional jockey will not be finalised until Friday .
Aimee West , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper .  Draper was a former comrade of Fusilier Rigby 's ex-wife , Jane .  He was a mourner at her fiance 's funeral in Woolwich , south-east London .  Miss West and Draper have been on several dates in the past few months .  Source said it was ` common knowledge they ' re
Mike Tindall bought the horse for # 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner .  After a whopping # 105,500 payday he tweeted ` Holy s * * * , I ' m lost for words and emotions . All I can say is yes the dude ! ! ! `  Monbeg Dude was a 40-1 outsider when the race began at Aintree .  It was the first time in
Right-handed reliever John Axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies .  His son Jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment .  The family was hoping for ` better things ' after the surgery .  Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment .  The surgery will be needed
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage .  State supplies more than three-quarters of the world 's $ 4.93 billion -LRB- # 3.3 bn -RRB- almond market .  The state is in its fourth year of drought and has seen residents attack bottled water industry .  Local residents are calling for Nestle to seize water from some of the driest areas .  Almonds
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba this season .  The 22-year-old is valued at around # 6million by Aston Villa .  The Romanian striker is currently at the bottom of La Liga .  Andone was born in Romania but moved to Spain when he was 12 .
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich meet in the Bundesliga on Sunday .  The two giants have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them .  Dortmund are now only five points from the top six after a win against Hannover .  Bayern Munich have won the last four league games between them .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane to protest van hire company Wicked Campers .  The group has spray-painted offensive slogans on the side of campervans .  The vans include the slogans ` In every princess , there 's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once '  Over 120,000 Australians signed a petition to remove the vans in 2014 .  Wicked Pickets
Moya Gerber was travelling through the Kruger National Park , South Africa .  She spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo .  Moya 's sister Rone Odendaal , 24 , began taking pictures of the struggle .  They noticed the buffalo was heading for the road , before noticing it .  After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions ` clutches
Louis Jordan , 37 , was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina .  He was found by a German-flagged container ship on Thursday afternoon .  Medical officials said he suffered no dehydration , no significant sun damage and was in good health .  The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting
More than 70 per cent of people think Manchester United will win the title next season .  Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Old Trafford after a stuttering start .  If he is to take United back to the very top , he 'll need more than Memphis Depay .  Van Gaal cannot win the same number of trophies Sir Alex Ferguson won .  The Dutchman has
Doug Hughes , a postal worker from Florida , was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace .  He was released on his own recognizance and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week .  Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter ` apparently literally flew in under the radar '  Lawmakers said the incident exposed a gap in security
Paddy Morrall spotted the Christ on a scaffolding board in Inverness .  The son of God appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours .  The 31-year-old builder , from Keighley , near Bradford , has kept the board .
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer .  The two-time Olympic medalist was allegedly caught in a toilet cubicle with white powder .  The kayker was already facing serious drug charges at the time of the incident .  He has pleaded not guilty to the Bluesfest offence and his case will be heard at Tweed Heads Local Court on May 7 .
Dramatic scenes were witnessed in Hwange National Park , Zimbabwe .  The determined cat had been chasing the giraffe with its pride .  But the other lionesses were distracted by a passing warthog and chose to chase the easier prey instead .
Gov . Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists .  The popular tourist site was pilloried in this month 's issue of National Geographic magazine as having ` all the historical character of an office lobby '  The hours and days the Lincoln tomb is open have been reduced , and it 's staffed with fewer employees
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Lesia Tsurenko .  The 21-year-old lost to Tatjana Maria in the second round at Indian Wells .  The Canadian has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled since .  Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year .
The Wide Leg Trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends .  Be it denim , cropped , printed or striped , the wide leg trouser appeals .  Louise Redknapp says that a wide-leg can be a welcome relief from the skinny jean .  A high heeled shoe with an exposed top of foot will elongate the leg .  If going for a longer length go high-waisted and very long
Collision happened during rush hour in Changchun city , China , on Thursday April 16 .  Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo and quickly went viral .  It 's unclear if this is a military tank but people inside the vehicle wear camouflage uniforms .
Xiangyu Ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde-a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid-starting last September .  The recipient of Singapore 's prestigious Agency for Science , Technology and Research -LRB- A * Star -RRB- scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison .  She admitted
Police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb .  The lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport .  The stash would have been worth $ 2000 if it had been sold .  It is about four times the normal price of the drug in suburban Australia .  Police said the sender would be ` feeling a little sheepish ' after their attempt to
Christine Carriage , 67 , hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her bungalow .  Police raided her one-bedroom home in Bowthorpe , Norwich , in November 2013 .  Found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on .  Grandmother admitted acquiring , using or possessing criminal property .  She was given a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court .
Staff at Scooter 's Coffee , in Omaha , were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours .  An ` unknown third party ' took control of the picture feed at 5pm on Sunday .  Instead of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons-similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola 's pages .  After trying to contact Facebook officials
An account purporting to be Sydney radio station 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning .  The tweet appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee .  The hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader Steve Blanda , who had read the news at 2UE for over a decade .  A 2UE spokesperson said they were aware of the posting but denied the message came
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus .  The former Manchester City striker 's deal with the Serie A champions does not expire next season .  Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old .  Tevez joined Boca 's youth academy in 1996 and scored 26 league goals in 76 appearances for the club before joining Corinthians in 2005 .
James Oatway captured the brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole in South Africa .  The Mozambique-born migrant was stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township .  He was taken to hospital where he later died of a direct stab wound to the heart .  The journalist was in the area to interview foreign-born shopkeepers .  He was interviewed by a man carrying a metal wrench as he lay injured
Three men arrested on suspicion of murder of missing chef Claudia Lawrence .  The three men , in their 50s are all from the York area .  Miss Lawrence was reported missing by her father Peter on March 18,2009 .  She failed to turn up to work for her 6am shift at the University of York .  Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from York in March .
Cesc Fabregas ` image hangs from the Ken Friar Bridge at the Emirates Stadium .  Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari has called for the flag to be taken down .  The 27-year-old is set to start against his former club on Sunday .  Jose Mourinho 's side travel to the Emirates in search of three points .
The Egyptian-themed mansion , advertised online as Pharaoh 's Palace , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in Tampa .  Owner Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property .  On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lowndes had violated their rules by holding events without the
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr . was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday .  Six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself .  Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013 .  According to the criminal complaint , the order was against
Cobbles on the road , which runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour , will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again .  The history of the area dates back to the 19th century .  The council said the reaction had been ` overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme from cyclists , pedestrians and wheelchair users .  The work is part of the
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi , a former Iraqi Army colonel better known as Haji Bakr , were found in Syria .  They detail the plans to take over villages and establish the caliphate .  One or two men , in their late teens or early 20s , would be asked to spy on their village on behalf of what would then become the Islamic State .  They would
Each year , 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film .  The Old Town , where much of the movie was shot , is too narrow for tour buses , and that fact -- combined with the lack of tourist tat -- means there 's nothing to break the spell as you slide into The Sound of Music mindset .
Dairon Asprilla scored as Portland Timbers beat New York City FC 1-0 .  Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as New England Revolution beat Philadelphia Union 2-1 .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car .  It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '  It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future '  While in self-driving mode , the front seats of the vehicle swivel 180
Kim Howe , 69 , died in a car crash on the Pacific Coast Highway in California .  Her two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing Bruce Jenner .  Mr Jenner is said to have ` rear-ended ' her Lexus , which was pushed into oncoming traffic .  It is believed he shares a $ 125million fortune with ex-wife , Kris Jenner .  However , sources say he
Kecil the one-year-old orangutan had a tough start to life after his natural mother and a surrogate mother both rejected him .  He was moved from his birthplace at Toledo zoo , in Ohio , 14 months ago after his mother failed to bond with him properly after birth .  He was given to a second surrogate , but she did not form a bond with the older ape .
David Cameron set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East .  He said that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ` on the screens of the traders in the City of London '  Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 , and the Tories have
David Zaslav was compensated $ 156.1 million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing from Friday .  This amount , thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week , makes him one of the highest paid television executives .  This is a remarkable boost from the $ 33million he received in 2013 , with $ 22.5 million of that also
Eve Addison , 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic .  She assumed she must have develoepd an allergy when switching brands failed to help .  She developed night sweats and a rash-she saw her GP .  Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma-cancer of the lymphatic system .  Most common symptom is painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin .
Summer Michelle Hansen , 32 , was sentenced on Friday to three years in state prison and must also register as a sex offender for life .  The mother of three admitted to having sex with five underage male students in her classroom , a school utility room , her car and at one victim 's home between May 2012 and 2013 .  The crimes included seven counts of oral
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst Aussie clothing brands and companies for their ongoing exploitation of overseas workers .  Lowes , Industrie , Best & Less and the Just Group-which includes Just Jeans , Portmans and Dotti-were identified as some of their worst performers .  Among the best performers were Etiko , Audrey Blue , Cotton On , H & M and Zara
Martyn Uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of four-inch deep pothole .  Council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard .  But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary .  Coroner said there was ` no doubt that the condition of the road on that occasion was the cause of the incident '  He was riding
Izaak Gillen , seven months , was taken to Randall Children 's Hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter .  The boy 's death has been ruled a homicide and investigators are still looking into what led up to the injury .  The state medical examiner 's office concluded the child 's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics .  The Sheffield-born star has not competed since 2013 .  The 29-year-old could compete in the long jump or 110m hurdles .  Katarina Johnson-Thompson has emerged as the new rising star of British athletics .
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam 's flailing arm .  The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose .  The 27-year-old took to Instagram to show off a large gash across the top of his swollen nose .
Manchester City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg .  Vincent Kompany , Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance .  City 's first-team are currently top of the Premier League table .
Six-month-old cat fell from a building in Zetland , inner-east of Sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries .  It was taken in by a local vet clinic , My Vet Animal Hospital , who shared the story on social media .  Doctors found maggots in its mouth and discovered it had injuries including a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs .  Since
Islamic State has launched their own social media rules to censor its recent defeats .  They have been forced to abandon the Iraqi city of Tikrit two weeks ago .  ISIS supporters on social media appear to be exasperated by the leak of information .  One fan wrote : ` You are doing more harm to the mujahideen than good . Fear Allah '  British terror twin Zahra Halane and
The plane crashed at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport around 4.30 pm on Sunday .  The pilot declared an emergency , but the aircraft crashed in a wooded area close to the runway .  Eye-witnesses say they heard a ` loud explosion , a big fireball '  It is not known why the plane crashed .
Veteran CBS News ` Face the Nation ' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer .  It 's not his first retirement announcement but , at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking .  He was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at Texas Christian University 's
Charles Terreni Jr , 18 , was found dead at the Pi Kappa Alpha house on March 18 .  His official blood alcohol reading was . 375 , according to WISTV .  Neighbors said the house had a party the night before , on St Patrick 's Day .  On Wednesday , several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch .  The fraternity 's national office said
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday .  Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for the Catalan giants .  Laurent Blanc has described Messi as ` unstoppable '  Messi will lead the line against the French champions at the Parc des Princes .  The second leg will be held at the Nou Camp on April 21 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington D.C. .  She said he ` just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he paid a visit to the hospital .  She said it was like Bush ` expected and needed to hear the anguish , to
Matthew Bird has halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic .  He said he was happy to give up is $ 70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $ 38,000 .  If it meant his child support payment dropped to $ 554 a month .  He said the increased figure is ` unreasonable ' and believes illegal employment
Prime Minister 's wife wore a # 185 Hampton dress by London-based designer The Fold at Conservative Party 's manifesto launch in Swindon .  Samantha Cam , 43 , a huge fan of British designers , showed her commitment to UK brands by plumping for the # 185 emerald green wrap dress .  She sat next to George Osborne and William Hague as he outlined his party 's plans for
West Bromwich Albion host Queens Park Rangers at The Hawthorns -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Craig Dawson is suspended for his challenge on Wilfried Bony .  Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments .  Callum McManaman is also out with a foot injury .  Darnell Furlong likely to miss game with calf problem .  Alejandro Faurlin is a long-term absentee with cruciate ligament
Poll of 15,560 family doctors found one in six is considering going part-time .  7 % are contemplating quitting altogether , according to the survey .  Senior GPs say they are facing ` incredible ' pressures brought on by ageing population .  Morale is low despite they benefited from pay deal ten years ago .  Number of GPs applying to work abroad has increased by 40 % in five years
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle .  The 11-year-old 's brother Saffat , 10 , died of meningitis last month .  He was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma , a form of cancer .  After years of chemotherapy and radiotherapy , he died on March 4 .  The Home Office denied the family 's request to stay in the UK .  They
The 11th grade student , who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington , D.C. . , has already visited at UC Berkeley , Stanford , NYU , Columbia , Harvard , Brown , Princeton , Yale and Wesleyan .  President Obama said on Tuesday : ` I start tearing up in the middle of the day and I ca n't explain it , why am I so sad
Brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole in Johannesburg township captured on camera .  Four men surrounded the Mozambican man , beating him with a wrench .  Mr Sithole was taken to hospital where he later died of a direct stab wound to the heart .  Four men are arraigned at the Wynberg Magistrate Court in Johannesburg .  They will remain in custody until a full trial , set to be held
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River , Massachusetts , was defaced with black and green paint .  The vandalism was discovered on Monday , the day after a Lifetime miniseries , The Lizzie Borden Chronicles , premiered on Sunday night .  Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their Fall River home in 1892 .  She
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world 's best heavyweight fighter .  The 46-year-old retired from the ring with a rumoured $ 15million fortune .  Now he has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages for anyone who pays him $ 20 .  He recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through PayPal .  His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed
May Pat Christie , 51 , has quit her $ 475,000-a-year Wall Street job .  She is a managing director at New York City finance firm Angelo Gordon & Co .  Official reason was ` to spend more time with her family and children '  But many will see the move as a sign that Christie , 52 , is running for president .
Films and TV shows depicting ` beautiful young vampires ' are said to be driving surge .  TV shows such as True Blood and Twilight said to drive the surge .  Professor Giuseppe Ferrari , head of the Italian occult watchdog , made the revelation .  He said : ` Those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people 's blood , or encourage them
Online fitness company Protein World caused a Twitter storm with its London Underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini asking : ` Are you beach body ready ? '  The poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming .  Now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster , with
Abdulkadir Zeyat , 45 , and his wife Antika , 43 , and their six children were found dead .  Neighbours discovered the bodies at their home in Alintepe , Turkey .  Authorities believe the family died of food poisoning or gas poisoning .  The family 's eldest son , Kemal , 19 , was out at work at the time .  He is now receiving counselling to try to
Valerie Cadman-Khan , 56 , appeared on This Morning to talk about the incident .  The council worker was handcuffed in front of her daughter Aimee , now 19 , in 2008 .  The mother of five , from Middlesborough , was interviewed by Ruth Langsford .  She said she felt ` like I had to reaffirm certain things to everybody ' after the incident .  Police accused her of
Jia Jiang was determined to become an entrepreneur .  He dug a hole in the garden , intending to reach America by the shortest route .  Instead of avoiding rejection , he would spend 100 days seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected , film them and put them up on his blog .  But he is n't a humorous writer . He may adopt a
Ukip leader was accused of ` dangerous scaremongering '  Latest official figures show that more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain -- where their country of origin is known -- were born overseas .  Mr Farage : ` There are 7,000 diagnoses in this country every year for people who are HIV positive . It 's not a good place for any of them to be
Thomas Brock , 30 , was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena , California .  He was involved in an argument with another motorist in the lead up to his death .  Brothers Steven Rodriguez , 24 , and Jacob Rodriguez , 29 , have been charged with capital murder .  Mr Brock 's widow Julie said : ` We did n't even know these guys . They came
Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits .  Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 per cent likely to binge drink .  Between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use-but only six per cent were classified as adult only .  Lead
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 .  The only person who raised a paddle for $ 260,000 was a Sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding .  The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson , who bought the letters ` on a lark '
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth 's stratosphere for several years .  He says the organisms test positive for DNA , and have masses that are ` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height '  The organisms , he claims , are contained in a microscopic metal globe
Only 44 per cent of the former secretary of state 's followers are ` good ' ; 15 per cent are ` fake ' ; and 41 per cent ` inactive '  Michelle Obama 's Twitter audience is 25 per cent fake , according to StatusPeople . com .  At least 7 per cent listed Baghdad , Iraq as their hometown , a larger number than any U.S. . city
Saige , five , who 's from the US , tells her mother what 's behind her bad mood .  Says she 's been in the house ` too long ... for , like , five years '  Tells her mother : ` Why ca n't you make my house clean ? '  ` If Tanner wants me to move , I ' m moving ! ` says Saige .
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  City have won the last four meetings between the two sides .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are currently fourth in the Premier League .  United have never lost five in a row to City before .  Vincent Kompany has struggled for form this season .  Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala do not provide the most robust competition .  CLICK
Alain Robert scaled Dubai 's 1,007 ft Cayan Tower without a safety harness .  The 52-year-old daredevil set off at 8.25 pm and the climb took him an hour and a half .  Robert has previously been arrested , imprisoned and banned for illegal ascent .
MailOnline Travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist .  It 's not as simple as turning a key or pushing a single button to start a plane .  Flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers .  But it 's rare for some airlines to provide meals to flight attendants on flights under 12 hours .  Caterers will sometimes
As many as 1,800 workers at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile -LRB- CMT -RRB- factory went on strike last week .  Women made ` This Is What A Feminist Looks Like ' T-shirts for Whistles , Topshop and Next .  69 women have been deported to Bangladesh and scores more fear for their jobs .  The women , who work six-day weeks , are not paid for all of their
Jonathan Keats , a San Francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher , has designed a ` millennium camera ' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus .  He hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western Massachusetts mountain range .  The camera , which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny
Texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones .  Hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top in Angleton on Friday night .  More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday .  Cars were left floating in Harris County in half a foot of rain water .  Storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few
Robert Clark , 96 , is one of Britain 's oldest surviving prisoners of war .  He was one of the few British soldiers to survive Hitler 's 1,000-mile death march .  He was a gunner in the Durham Light Infantry when he was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942 .  He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland , before being forced to
On Saturday , Rosetta swooped to within 8.6 miles -LRB- 14 km -RRB- of comet 67P 's surface .  Its camera was able to capture a stunning four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m / pixel .  It shows the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right .  In the same frame , details in the cliffs of
In the summer of 2014 Avril Lavigne started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath , but did n't know what was plaguing her .  So she started visiting specialists , but no one could help her out .  ` I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems were n't exist , ' the 30-year-old singer said
Michael Owen dismissed Charlie Adam 's 66-yard strike against Chelsea as a potential Goal of the Season contender on BT Sport 's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday .  Owen said he did n't believe the strike was worthy of the season .  The former England striker scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool , Real Madrid , Newcastle , Manchester United and Stoke .  Owen 's comments
Dozens of items from Davy Jones ` estate will go under the hammer in New York .  Memorabilia includes stage costumes and a pair of record awards .  Also on sale are a director 's chair with ` The Monkees ' logo across the back .  Items also includes a collection of framed vintage posters featuring band members .  Jones died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age
Kei Nishikori won the Barcelona Open for the second consecutive year .  The Japanese world number five beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-four .  It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese .  Shakira and Gerard Pique were in the stands at the final .
The PFA Awards took place at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair on Sunday .  Tottenham striker Harry Kane is nominated for Player of the Year and Young Player of Year .  Liverpool 's Philippe Coutinho and Steven Gerrard were also in attendance .  Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea appeared pensive as he passed photographers .  Chelsea 's Diego Costa and Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez were in attendance .  PFA
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan . com .  In a house style that is identical to Google , and operates just like the search engine , users have the option to ` Zlatian Search ' or ` I ' m feeling Zlatans `  The click of the former button takes users to articles about the striker on Google , while the
The Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike .  He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern .  But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public .  Mr Miliband 's enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes
Twiggy , 65 , models summer range for the high street store .  Says she has never had cosmetic surgery but has n't ruled it out .  Admits she does n't want Botox to cause botulism in her body .  Says : ` I do n't like what it does to people 's faces '
The findings , in the Journal of the American Medical Association , are based on a study of about 95,000 young people .  All those in the study had older siblings .  Some of the elder children had autism and some did not .  Autism is on the rise , and affects as many as one in 68 children in the United States , but its causes remain poorly understood
Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side are seven points clear of La Liga leaders Barcelona .  Cristiano Ronaldo , Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale trained on Monday .  The World Player of the Year pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during training .  Real Madrid are in good spirits ahead of the clash at the Vicente
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC President on Wednesday .  He accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh .  Kamal , a Bangladeshi , also criticised the umpires and questioned their partiality over a disputed no-ball against India 's Rohit Sharma .  The ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres .  They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles -LRB- 33,000 km -RRB- .  The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres .  And it will soon study the whole planet-including its mystery bright spots .
Boris Johnson and David Cameron warned of a ` constitutional crisis '  SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament .  But it is ready to do a deal with Labour , even if it finishes in second place .  Mr Salmond boasted that he would write Labour 's first budget .  He said it would mean ` truckfuls of taxpayers ' doh up the
World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy 's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey 's Dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings .  An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916 .  Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs , many taken by the troops themselves , including poignant images
Molossia , Westarctica , Vikesland and Broslavia will be represented at MicroCon 2015 .  These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money .  Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 .  Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty .
Manchester City are currently fifth in the Premier League .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are four points behind leaders Liverpool .  Yaya Toure , Samir Nasri and Eliaquim Mangala are among the high-profile casualties .
Yaakov Naumi , 32 , was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school .  He trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press , Behadrey Haredim , and revealed that he encountered rituals and traditions he 'd never seen before .  These include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string
The Todd family-a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15-were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home .  Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November .  The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday to pay their respect to the family .  Men , women
Alexander Bradley appeared in Bristol County Superior Court on Wednesday for Justice Susan Garsh to decide what he could testify to in front of a jury in Aaron Hernandez 's murder trial .  Bradley , who has sued Hernandez over a February 2013 shooting incident , will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel .  Bradley said Hernandez often
Andreas Lubitz , 27 , crashed Germanwings plane into French Alps on March 24 .  Investigators believe he was prescribed anti-anxiety drug Lorazapam .  It also emerged that he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors .  He told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying , prosecutors said .  Second black box from flight found in good condition in Seyne-les-Alpes , France .  It
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad .  The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- # 9.90 -RRB- a month .  It includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep and Sex in the City .  Apple is believed to be preparing a new
Google announced the tool on its Google + page .  It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed .  To locate a lost phone , sign into a Google account on Chrome and type ` find my phone ' into the search engine .  A map appears as the first search result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their
Woman known only as Goska was volunteering at Criadouro Onca Pintada .  She has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there .  Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , Perseu .
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday .  Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored for the Dutch .  Vicente del Bosque 's side are second in qualifying for Euro 2016 .
Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs .  The chairman is facing opposition from the Premier League .  Graham Taylor , Glenn Hoddle , Kevin Keegan , Steve McClaren and Sven-Goran Eriksson have signed a letter to Dyke .  Only 81 of the 220 Premier League starters in the last round of matches were eligible for England selection .
Karim Benzema posted a video of him singing along to Tupac in his Bugatti Veyron .  Real Madrid star has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Real Madrid this season .  Benzema boldly stated earlier this week that he can win the Ballon d ` Or .
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has denied claims she used to shave the heads of her sister 's dolls .  Gillian Owens , a part-time actress , said she was prone to hacking the hair from dolls as a child .  The politician said : ` I ' m sure I did n't cut the hair off her Sindy doll , just for fun `  The accusations sparked a Twitter trend
Mick Schumacher will make his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series this weekend .  The 16-year-old is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team in Germany .  Schumacher Jnr will drive under his own name for the first time in his career .  He will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on Sunday .  Schumacher SNR
World boxing champion Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in his home town of Sheffield on Thursday .  Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place .  Adrian Lewis 7-4 James Wade before returning later in the evening to thrash James Wade 7-1 .  Raymond van Barneveld beat Phil Taylor 7-2 to maintain his place
Aston Villa beat Tottenham Hotspur 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday .  Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Tottenham on 35 minutes .  Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace pushed Sunderland closer to the drop zone .  Hull City remain in danger after a 2-0 loss at Southampton .  Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a win over Burnley .  West Ham-Stoke City and Swansea City-Everton
The SNP demanded the retirement age be frozen-in a move which would cost billions of pounds .  At the same time , she issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the State pension .  Miss Sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to ` at least ' # 160 a week .  Parts of Scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the UK
Lloyd Byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with Leighann Duffy , 26 .  He armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife .  He smashed his way into her flat in Walthamstow , east London , on September 1 last year .  He pleaded guilty to murder and was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years .  Judge Nicholas Cooke told
Adrien Broner is pictured with 50 Cent in a happy snap on Tuesday .  The pair were at the Barclay 's Center in Brooklyn on Saturday night .  Broner called Garcia out for a September fight after ` Swift ' kept his unbeaten record .  Broner recently stirred up controversy when he called a $ 40million contract offer from Jay Z and his Roc Nation ` bull * * *
Two paintings , from the brush of famed art director Jack Martin Smith , sold for # 35,000 .  One shows the moment Dorothy , Toto , the Tinman , the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard of Oz for the first time , went for # 25,000 .  The other , imagining the Emerald City , capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard ,
The defendants-including teachers , a principal and other administrators-were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system .  They fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses .  The person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy , Superintendent
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park .  Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal with 20 minutes to play .  Brendan Rodgers ` side will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the competition .  The result means Liverpool will face a place in the FA Cup semi-final .  Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up
Elspeth McKendrick , 16 , was diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome in 2012 .  The school prefect had desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends .  Her parents said she was ` happy to be odd and eccentric ' but was ` very much in denial ' about her condition .  She left a note apologising to her family and telling
One of the hallmarks of a tip-top inspector is that he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch '  Hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ` anyone who had trouble sitting down '  Frost and his team frequently detect drugs : socks impregnated with heroin , cannabis resin in shoes , soup cans or barrels of bitumen .  Once , Frost found a pack
The Duchess of Cambridge is close to her sister Pippa , 31 .  Pippa recently returned to London after spending several days with boyfriend Nico Jackson in Geneva .  Pippa says she still spends a lot of time with her sister .  She was not among the godparents chosen for Prince George 's second child .  FEMAIL reveals who will be helping the Duchess as she gets to grips with
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress .  He said Britain 's privileged judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society .  Rebekah Dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face veil to let the jury see her face while testifying .  Last year , the European Court
A recent SNL skit about a male student having sex with his female high school teacher painted the relationship as every teen boy 's dream , but drew a firestorm of criticism on social media .  The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims ` advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students .
Rafa Benitez takes charge of training at the Wolfsburg Arena .  Napoli face Wolfsburg in the Europa League quarter-final on Thursday .  The Italian side will face Napoli in the first leg of the quarter-finals .  Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo were linked with a January move to Napoli .  Kevin de Bruyne also trained with the German side .  There are no English teams in the last eight as
Manchester City have been limited to a net transfer spend of # 49million in the last two transfer windows .  The club 's overall wage bill is now # 205million-a-year .  Manuel Pellegrini is hoping that the financial restrictions will be lifted at the end of the season .  The Premier League club have been restricted to a total of # 23million .  City spent # 25m bringing Wilfried Bony
Phoebe Jo Chapman , 42 , turned herself in to the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office in Valdosta , Georgia on Tuesday .  She was booked on three counts of sexual assault-one count for each victim .
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000 .  They will have priority in the sale of new homes under a Labour government .  Mr Miliband will say Labour 's reduction in rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time .  Labour claims tax break -- which would last three years -- would be funded by a further squeeze on
Trucker caught on camera launching foul-mouthed tirade after crash on M6 .  Car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide .  Eventually the car comes to rest across the front of the van , blocking the slip road .  Trucker ranted : ` What the f * * * are you doing coming over on me ? '  Crash happened on stretch of the M6
Aaron Cruden ruptured anterior cruciate ligament in left knee .  The All Blacks fly-half will be out for six months .  England lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback .
Fellowes to give unique insight into his inspiration for period drama at Chalke Valley History Festival .  stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey , best-selling novelist Kate Mosse , award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin , explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes , Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor .  Festival co-chairman James Holland said : ` Our festival is the only one of its kind in the UK . There
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 at the world snooker championships .  The Chinese world No 3 had a bizarre lapse of concentration .  Ding potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points .  After knocking in the 13th red he screwed back up the table to get position on the blue .  Ding would have pocketed # 30,000 for a maximum break
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Attorney General Eric Holder sent memo to DOJ employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules .  Comes after a scathing inspector general 's report found the DEA mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes .  House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz called the allegations ` stunning '  He said : ` The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the Department
Logan Kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise .  Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but were unable to save him .  Spanish police have described the incident as an ` accidental drowning '  He was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath , Birmingham .  He also played as an centre-half
To mark its 10th anniversary , Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ` Ultimate Safari ' adventures .  Divided into four areas : Primates , Bears , Big Cats and Marine Life , the safari can be taken separately , but also as an epic world tour over 203 days .  Guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary , taking them through
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up to find the leg had gone cold .  Doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether the leg would have to be amputated .  The ex-Tottenham and England star was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17 .  He will not be able to play football again , leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters
Blake Cronkhite , 5 , and Jayden Secrest , 3 , were riding a kid-size 50cc ATV when they crashed into a pond in Placer County , California .  Blake lost control of the vehicle and the ATV plunged into a nearby pond .  Blake 's father , Brandon Cronkhaite , jumped into the water and pulled the children ashore but could not revive them .  Investigators say the incident
Former Australia cricket captain Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer .  Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut 's wife , Daphne , which she declined .  Instead , Benaud 's family opted for a smaller service at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park attended by family and close friends .  In the memorial
Annegret Raunigk , from Berlin , is already a mother of 13 .  She decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ` I want to have a little brother or sister '  Britain 's older mother , Sue Tollefsen , from Essex , revealed today 's This Morning .  Sue became pregnant thanks to IVF when she was 57 .  After researching fertility treatments
Mary Murphy , 66 , and her partner John Wood , 67 , died after falling down the stairs .  The elderly couple were both overweight and had severe mobility problems .  Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious , but after investigating it was a ` bizarre and tragic ' accident .
Kathleen Blomberg , who lived in a building badly damaged by Thursday 's explosion , has been reunited with her two cats , Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian .  The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took an hour to coax them out .  Two people died and 22 were injured in the explosion , which authorities
Nabil Bentaleb 's current deal expires in the summer of 2018 .  Tottenham want to improve his contract as a reward for his excellent progress .  Clubs from across Europe are known to be monitoring the situation .
Josiah Duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson , who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together .  The couple will have to follow his family 's incredibly strict courting rules , which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates , with ` side hugs ' the only permitted form of physical contact .  The 19 Kids
Tony Tancock , 56 , has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies .  But he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton , Devon , to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind .  He said : ` They left six which were not show quality , plus two other show ones '  A cavy expert has warned the thefts could be a
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday , going down 2-1 on aggregate .  Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp ` for an unlimited period of time ' if they do n't improve between now and the end of the season .  The result has seen Napoli drop from third
Yaya Toure will be offered a new contract by Inter Milan in the summer .  Former Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini is keen on signing the midfielder .  The Italian believes Toure can dominate games in Serie A well into his mid-30s .  City want to keep Toure , who currently earns # 220,000-per-week , and will offer him a new deal at the end of the season , which
Three men , two women and four children detained by soldiers in Ogulpinar .  It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 .  Turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach IS-controlled areas .  Over the past three months more than a dozen Britons , including three teenage schoolgirls , have made the journey .  A 19-year-old man
Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying ` I ' m beautiful `  The 44-year-old says she 's never a day when she would rather be someone else .  She 's a size 10 , but even so she could do with dropping 10lbs .  But as long as she does n't mind , who cares ?  Survey found 96 per cent of women chose the `
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday .  Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors .  At one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down .  Wearing smoke masks , they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways .  Although the
The U.S. . Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa 's Osceola County-prompting a massive bird cull .  The bird killer could find its way into chicken barns in the nation 's top egg-producing state and rapidly decimate the flocks that provide the U.S. . with its breakfast staple .  Minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for ` promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry '  The 31-year-old socialite said she ate whale carpaccio in a ` convivial atmosphere ' at the Juvet Landscape Hotel in Norway .  Ms Middleton said that she enjoyed a steam bath and rubbed ice on her body in a snow spa .  The hunting and importation of whale meat is banned in Britain .  Last
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop skin cancer today than 40 years ago .  Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago .  55.2 of every 100,000 people aged over 65 are diagnosed with skin cancer every year .  In 1975 just 7.9 per 100,00 were diagnosed-a seven-fold increase .  With sunbeds still very
Caroline Wozniacki made her Roland Garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007 .  The Dane has never won a grand slam title , although she reached the US Open final twice .  The former world No 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster .  The Danish star said : ` Even as a 10 / 11 year old I was looking
Sarah Owen , 21 , was attacked by her boyfriend Preston Wright , 23 , with a knife .  He then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman , Oklahoma .  Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated .  Police found a grisly scene at about 3 : 45 p . m . Sunday
Lionel Messi says he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014 .  The four-time Ballon d ` Or winner has scored 34 goals in La Liga and eight in the Champions League .  Barcelona lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals .  Messi is now top of the league and his personal goal tally is at 45 from 44 games .  Paris Saint-Germain are
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s .  Also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates .  NHS says the guidance will improve patients ` end of life care .  But medical professionals say it is ` blatantly wrong ' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being ` written off
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary , Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for the Islamic State in Syria .  Damien was bullied in high school and converted to Islam at the age of 17 .  He grew his beard out and refused to sit at the table when they were drinking wine .  In 2011 , he started distancing himself from the family ,
Jordan Spieth held his nerve in Sunday 's final round to keep control of the season 's first major championship .  The 21-year-old matched Tiger Woods ` record of an 18-under 270 and finished four shots clear of the field .  He said that despite never giving up the lead , he was still a bag of nerves as he looked to hold off the attentions of two major champions
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club .  The former Rangers boss worked closely with McDowall before taking over at the Ibrox club during four years of turmoil off and on the pitch .  But despite leaving the club under a cloud , Smith insists that both men have something left to offer in football .  He blames
Geraldine Schultz , 67 , was killed by a tornado in Fairdale , Illinois , last week .  Her husband , Clem , 84 , was in the house with his wife when the tornado struck .  He said he felt the house collapse underneath him-and by the time he made it out , his wife had been killed .  But he checked his wife 's pulse after finding her
Leroy Fer damaged medial ligaments in his knee against Sunderland in February .  The Dutch midfielder has not played since the 2-0 win at Sunderland .  QPR boss Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on Fer .
Kim , 34 , shared her beauty essentials on her Instagram page .  She shared a # 65 -LRB- $ 96 -RRB- Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid .  The cream is packed with gemstones , ` photonic spheres ' and smart seaweeds .  Also has a # 12 -LRB- $ 18 -RRB- rose water mist from Glossier .  Kim also has a hairbrush from her own
Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told ` monster ' James Tingley of Michigan ` the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet '  Wilson said he thinks locking Tingley up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison ` is worth every penny '  Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action .  Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises .  When her back is rubbed , she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds .  To date the clip of her singing has been watched more than 17,000 times .
The Brazilian supermodel , 34 , underwent the procedure on Tuesday .  A friend said she had been suffering ` constant headaches '  A spokesperson for the Victoria 's Secret Angel confirmed to Daily Mail Online that she is in good health .  Ambrosio was seen at the Coachella festival in California on Sunday .  She was with her fiance , Jamie Mazur , at an afterparty .  The super
Experts believe they have finally discovered how the Rapa Nui people placed distinctive ` hats ' made of red stone on top of some of the figures ` heads more than 700 years ago .  The heads , or ` pukao ' , were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the statues which measure up to 40ft -LRB- 12 metres -RRB- tall .  This is despite the largest
WARNING : GRAPHIC FOOTAGE .  Officer Michael Rapiejko overtakes his colleague 's car in Marana , Arizona .  He says : ` One round just went out . He 's definitely loaded '  Officer in the other vehicle tells him : ` Stand off , the gun is loaded '  But in apparent defiance of his advice , he speeds straight toward Valencia .  Seconds later , his vehicle mounts
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton for Tottenham Hotspur last summer .  The former Argentina defender spent 16 months at St Mary 's .  Koeman has praised his predecessor 's ` great job ' at the club .  Koeman 's side are sixth in the Premier League with five games to play .  The Saints could usurp Tottenham in the European spots with a win on Saturday .  The result would see
Ranulfo Perez , 48 , was arrested after allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl .  The girl claimed she was grabbed in a hug by a man dressed as the Cookie Monster .  Perez was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over the incident .  He was charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17 .  Officials said costumed characters in the area are
Julia Ware , who was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale , Pennslyvania , on Wednesday .  The families of Shamus Digney , Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher-who were all 15-watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors .  After the hearing was over , a grieving father branded Ware , of Pleasantville ,
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 to go seven points clear at the top of the Premier League .  John Terry hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world 's best players .  Hazard scored a penalty before Charlie Adam equalised for the visitors .  Loic Remy turned home Hazard 's square pass to wrap up the three points .  Diego Costa looks set to miss at least two weeks with
Django Greenblatt-Seay , 33 , used a drone to film the cinematic overhead shot at Hummel Park in Omaha , Nebraska .  The video begins from far overhead , showcasing the 2002 Ford Taurus as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees .  The ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford .  In the video , Greenblatts-seay sometimes interjects the audio with a dubbed voice over to
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson .  Lawes arrived in France with the Saints ahead of the Champions Cup quarter-final against Clermont Auvergne .  The England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel .  The 26-year-old is unfazed by the storm he had created .  Lawes has only been cited once and I ` ve never been red-carded . I do n't
Gwyneth Paltrow , 42 , has the figure of a woman half her age .  The actress is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise .  Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer / surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009 .  Lupita Nyong ` o and Rachel Bilson have been spotted wearing her feminine and whimsical pieces .  Halle Berry , Gwen Stefani
Gareth Bale returns to Real Madrid on the back of a vital double for Wales against Israel in Euro 2016 qualifying .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side have won just one of their last five games in all competitions .  Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country in a 2-0 home victory against Levante on Wednesday .  The Welshman scored his 20th goal for Real Madrid this season
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night .  Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings but could ` ve seen a straight red .  Newcastle boss John Carver has labelled the midfielder 's reckless lunge as ` indefensible '
Christie appeared at Kenilworth Town Hall Tuesday night to take questions from a group of citizens .  Kathy Mooney , a high school English Teacher from Roselle Park , questioned Christie 's decision-making behind a $ 225million legal settlement with ExxonMobil .  Mooney described the deal as ` favoring the affluent ' and ` kicking state workers under the bus '  ` You ' re not being bullied , because
Adidas go is an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit .  The songs are selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history .  These choices become more relevant the more the app is used .  Once installed the app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats
Researchers at the Max Planck Institute in Leipzig , Germany , studied the remains of a 35 to 40-year-old woman nicknamed The Red Lady of El Mirón .  They found microscopic evidence that the woman had been eating bolete mushrooms and sponge capped mushrooms .  They also found her teeth bore little signs of decay , suggesting she ate few carbohydrates .  The study now provides the oldest evidence yet
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool .  The midfielder 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week .  Henderson is the third big player in Brendan Rodgers ` squad to agree a contract extension .  He could replace Steven Gerrard as Liverpool captain when the 34-year-old departs .  Talks with Raheem Sterling are not expected to resume until the end of the season .
Patrick and Valerie Jubb purchased the four-bedroom property in Jimena de la Frontera in 2008 .  But the town hall ruled that the first floor , kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners in 1994 .  The couple say they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate .  They are planning to move back to the UK , but say their money is tied up in
Chris Greenwood and his wife Catherine stayed at Camping La Chappelle .  Families congregated around the pools for relief from the August heat .  Chris discovered that we did n't have any hot water and the baby bath had a big hole in the bottom and no plug .  With stubborn determination he slung the youngest over his shoulder , grabbed some towels and trudged off to the shower block
Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning Man United into the Champions League .  The Dutchman 's aim is to restore United to the Premier League top four .  But two seasons would be an absolute disaster and something would not be tolerated .  United were beaten 3-1 by Aston Villa on Saturday .  They are now eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool in the
Kim Jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous ` pleasure troupe ' of young women that North Korean leaders have traditionally employed to entertain him .  He disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in December 2011 .  Now that the country 's official three-year mourning period has concluded , the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the
Vanessa Santillan 's body was found in a flat 400,000 flat in Fulham , south west London .  The Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck .  A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed .  He has been told to return to a London police station for further questioning .
The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on April 11 .  The bride-to-be was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday as he battled Novak Djokovic in the men 's final at the Miami Open in Key Biscayne , Florida .  She opted for a black mini dress for the
Northampton were dumped out of the Champions Cup by Clermont .  Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time .  Nick Abendanon scored a break-away try from 90 metres out .  Brock James kept up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking .
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium .  The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and features air conditioning .  Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius .  The stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament .
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Nathaniel Clyne .  The England right back is out of contract at St Mary 's next summer .  Manchester United are interested in signing the England international .  Koeman 's side are pushing for a top-four finish in the Barclays Premier League with six matches to go .  Koeman says the club ca n't fight against big
Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall .  Five-year-old was playing hide-and-seek with her mother in Zheng Du City , China .  Her mother , Zheng Jiayu , 31 , who left her at home on her own , cannot afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill .  She was bleeding from her eyes , nose and mouth and was covered in
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Manchester United .  The Colombian striker has admitted to being upset by his lack of game time .  He has scored three goals in two games for his country this season .  The striker 's former club River Plate are among those who have expressed an interest .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news
Marc Wabafiyebazu , 15 , and his brother Jean , 17 , were the sons of Canada 's Consul General Roxanne Dube .  They were living in a gated community at the heart of Miami 's wealthy Coral Way district .  The boys drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs , the younger boy has told investigators .  On March 30 , they were shot dead in a drugs
Jay Dasilva left Luton Town 's academy to make the 100-mile round trip to Chelsea 's Cobham training base on Wednesday .  The 17-year-old is earmarked first team potential for Jose Mourinho .  Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season .  John Terry is the last player to come through the club 's youth ranks .  He moved through the junior teams at pace
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship .  But Nico Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel .  Hamilton said : ` I was n't controlling his race , I was controlling my own race . I had
Richard Henyekane was on loan at Free State Stars from Pretoria-based Mamelodi Sundowns .  He made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009 .
The first print ad , which shows images of various female American Apparel employees , has the words ` Hello Ladies ' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice .  According to the ad , 55per cent of the company 's staffers are women .  The brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account last month in celebration of International Women 's
Naypyidaw , Myanmar 's newly-built capital city , is shrouded in secrecy after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon .  The city was developed mainly for government staff , including residential zones to house employees in four-storey apartment blocks .  Despite a reported population of 924,000 , the city 's streets are barren and it 's rare to see more than a couple of people at any
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months .  Twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing .  One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call .  In February a coroner warned that airlines must take action to prevent passenger deaths from toxic fumes inside aircraft cabins .  Dorset coroner Sheriff Payne said
Robert Bates , 73 , has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris , 44 , on April 2 .  He has been released after posting a $ 25,000 bond .  On the Today show , he said he was immediately hit by shock when the gun went off .  In an attempt to subdue Harris , he went to grab his Taser , but
Wasps will appeal the three-match ban handed to Nathan Hughes .  The Northampton winger was found guilty of striking George North .  The incident occurred during Northampton 's 52-30 defeat at Franklin 's Gardens .  North suffered a third confirmed concussion in just four months .
Britain 's Got Talent judge is presenting new series on ITV highlighting plight of animals at RSPCA 's Newbrook Farm Animal Centre in Birmingham .  Amanda and her co-stars , including Loose Women 's Coleen Nolan , Denise Lewis and former Pussycat Dolls singer Kimberly Wyatt , will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured .  Viewers interested in adopting a pet can apply on
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in a repeat of last year 's European Cup semi-final at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard .  Brad Barritt will captain Mark McCall 's side against the French side .  Owen Farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash .  Saracens ` nemesis Jacques Burger is back after a one-match ban .  Maro Itoje will take the other flank
Director Gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first Star Wars spin-off Rogue One at the Star Wars Celebration in Anaheim , California , on Sunday .  At the same time , the iconic franchise 's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ` A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans in Star Wars anthology film ,
Aaron Stringer , of Bakersfield , California , allegedly ` tickled ' feet of Ramiro James Villegas .  The 22-year-old had been shot dead by cops after a car chase on November 13 .  Stringer allegedly ` loves playing with dead bodies ' and told a trainee officer to lie about what she 'd seen .  He has been on paid leave from the department since November .  Villegas `
Delta flight from Paris to Newark was diverted to Boston .  Two people taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with minor injuries .  One passenger said it felt like ` King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow '
Wolves moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory against Nottingham Forest .  Substitute David Edwards scored two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game .  Benik Afobe scored Wolves ` third goal of the afternoon after 19 minutes .  Charlie Taylor opened the scoring for Leeds in the first half with a deflected effort .  Wolves striker Benik afobe doubled the lead
The dramatic , up-close images show the incredible power of the tiny creature .  Student Frenki Jung , 17 , from Sambas in Borneo captured the hilarious images .  He shot the super close-ups in his front garden at home .
Andrew O ` Clee , 36 , married Michelle Agbulos , 39 , in 2008 .  While they were trying for a baby together , he had already started his double life with a new woman .  He later turned up at the birth of his daughter , Amelia , and cut the umbilical cord .  He later told his wife he had to leave with a police escort .
Adam Crapser , 39 , of Salem , Oregon , was born in South Korea as Shin Sonh Hyuk around the age of three along with his biological sister .  Abandoned by one adoptive family , separated for nearly three decades from his only biological sister , and exposed to abuse by another American adoptive couple .  At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for
Chris Brugger , 35 , was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's Lymphoma in December .  The non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for Brentuximab Vedotin has improved his condition .  His ` My Name Is Chris ' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it ca n't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme -LRB- PBS -RRB- .  Chris 's family are hoping that the
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 to go top of the Scottish Championship .  Nicky Law , Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored for the Ibrox side .  Rangers boss Stuart McCall has warned his players to be on their guard against Livingston in midweek .  Rangers face Hibernian in the Championship on Wednesday night .  The game is the chance to push three points clear in the battle for second
Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football .  The Chilean has come under fire following their title race capitulation .  The Hammers host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday .  The champions spent a combined # 44m on Porto pair Eliaquim Mangala and Fernando last summer in a move that has been largely unsuccessful .  UEFA imposed a # 49million fine on City
Raheem Sterling was allegedly pictured smoking a shisha pipe on Sunday .  The 20-year-old is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe .  Sterling recently snubbed a new # 100,000-a-week contract at Anfield .  The England international was pictured on a social media site with the picture captioned ` 1 down 3 to go '  Sterling attended the launch of the 2015-16 Liverpool kit on Friday afternoon .
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby at the iPro Stadium .  Tom Ince doubled his side 's lead in the 28th minute .  Howling Bent made it 3-1 in the second half .  Steve McClaren was unable to field top scorer Chris Martin due to a hamstring injury .  Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston 's side are now in the play-offs .  Derby are currently third in the Championship table
The 29-year-old American tourist , named by local media as Samantha or Amanda , was chased by police .  She drove the wrong way down a busy road and crashed into 13 vehicles .  Police broke the passenger window to arrest her when she refused to open the door .  The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car to protect her from an angry mob .  Crowd formed
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England Under 21s ` 3-2 victory over Germany on Monday night .  The 20-year-old is one of five children and grew up a Portsmouth fan .  Southampton scouts spotted him when he was eight .  The young midfielder is now a rising star for the Saints .  He has been linked with a move away from the club after impressing for England U 21s
Ukip leader Nigel Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury .  He is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits .  Party 's deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said she would step in as leader .  But she played down Farage 's medical problems , saying : ` He is the man for the job '
Rochelle Coulson , 21 , has sleep apnoea-a condition often linked to obesity .  Put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ` boredom ' and has not worked for five years .  Says she is so tired she ca n't stay awake when she falls asleep .  Claims she could make something go wrong , could n't I ? By falling asleep and making a mistake `
Jesus Salas Aguayo , known as ` The Liquidator ' , has been arrested by Mexican police .  He is a former gun for hire and Juarez Cartel boss known for his ruthless methods .  Arrest comes after he was placed on the DEA 's Most Wanted list .  Authorities say he is ` linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in the city '  He is charged with multiple
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa 's 3-3 draw with QPR on Tuesday .  The Belgian striker has scored seven goals in his last five Aston Villa games .  The 24-year-old is in line for a 30 per cent reduction on his wages to # 35,000 a week .  If Villa slip below the relegation zone , he faces a substantial pay cut .  Villa value their top
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new contract with Liverpool .  The 20-year-old has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal at Anfield .  Sterling revealed in a TV interview that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago .  The England international said it was ` quite flattering ' to be linked to Arsenal .  Sterling has attracted interest from Real Madrid , Bayern Munich , Manchester
West Ham are interested in signing Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur .  The 27-year-old joined Crystal Palace in a # 7million deal from Wigan last summer .  The Scotland international has formed a solid partnership with Mile Jedinak .  West Ham want extra legs in their midfield and have concerns over whether they will sign Alex Song from Barcelona .
A fight broke out on the Oman Air flight 102 to Muscat on Saturday .  One man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full .  A fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him .  One man allegedly threw punches at the other , and took of his shoe to use as a weapon .  On landing , one man was taken away for questioning
Former District Judge G . Todd Baugh , 73 , sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher .  Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case .  Baugh described the teenage girl as ` older than her chronological age ' and called her a troubled youth .  He was
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain .  Alice thinks apparent brain differences between the sexes have been exaggerated by how culture treats boys and girls .  She argues that parents ` unconscious actions often mould children into men and women who embody gender stereotypes .  If you are a man you may be surprised to
Asia Siddiqui , 31 , and Noelle Velentzas , 28 , were arrested in Queens , NY on Thursday .  They were accused of plotting to carry out a terrorist attack in New York City .  Khan , an American citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen .  Khan published a poem called ` Take Me to the Lands Where the Eyes are Cooled ' in
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for Arsenal in the 12th minute at Turf Moor .  The Welsh midfielder gave the Gunners a perfect start , but Arsene Wenger 's side did n't have it all their own way .  Olivier Giroud doubled Arsenal 's lead in the 82nd minute with a close-range strike .  Laurent Koscielny and Per Mertesacker were also on target for the home side .  Welbeck made
The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan 's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening .  The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320 .  The threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane 's scheduled departure .  Instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated
Thomas Buckett , 21 , plunged 15ft after friends dared him to jump on glass skylight .  He suffered life-changing head injuries and had to undergo invasive surgery .  It was originally claimed that he climbed on the roof to fetch a football .  But a police officer who investigated the break-in wrote an email of support to the council .  He said : ` This incident was the fault
The eBay listing , posted Friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date .  Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister .  The starting price for the card was $ 500 , though there
Spain lost 5-1 to Holland at the Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday night .  Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored in the space of four minutes .  Guus Hiddink 's side failed to find the back of the net in the first 20 minutes .  Del Bosque was impressed with the debuts of Malaga forward Juanmi and Sevilla winger Vitolo .
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be .  Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium .  However , upon closer inspection , it was found that ` none of the products met the requirements to make such
Keonna Thomas , 30 , was arrested in Philadelphia Friday as she tried to join ISIS .  Authorities said she communicated with an Islamic State fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation .  ` I can make that wish come true , ' the fighter reportedly replied .  Thomas ` home , which had been under surveillance by FBI for the past
Teachers helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams , it has been revealed .  They are giving advice , wrongly bumping up marks and writing coursework .  One in five teachers have reported colleagues have written sections of coursework .  Details of the unethical techniques emerged at a symposium at Oxford University .  Ofqual figures show 217 penalty notices were issued to schools and colleges for malpractice in
Viv Nicholson , 79 , became rich overnight when she scooped # 152,319 in 1961 .  The win , on a football betting pool , would be worth up to # 5million today .  Pair splurged cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying .  They frittered away half of their wealth within four years of winning .  Tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at the wheel
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network in Portadown , County Armagh .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .  However
Marble-sized hailstones , some up to 2cm in diameter , pounded multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on ANZAC Day .  Sydney 's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air .  Saturday 's storm was the result of an East Coast Low , which is also known as an extratropical cyclone .  This type of storm has always occurred
Joshua Vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown , Sheffield , on January 7 .  His ` on-off ' girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook .  Minutes before his death , his girlfriend had told his mother : ` He was going to end it '  His mother called the police , but by the time she got to the station
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on official engagement next Saturday .  The Duke of Cambridge plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph on April 25 , Kensington Palace said .  Duchess of Cambridge told wellwishers at a charity event last month : `
Karen Newton , a teacher and former professional musician , performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights .  She was on her way to deliver food to the victims of last week 's devastating floods .  Ms Newton had just finished playing at the Kurri Kurri dawn service .  She plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call across
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in Kimberley in September 2011 .  The motivational speaker said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours .  The 27-year-old ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .  Ms Pitt
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running .  Bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder , assault and vehicle theft .  The hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial .
Billions of barrel jellyfish spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall .  Each the size of a dustbin lid , they have been hauled in by fishermen .  Experts say they are attracted by warmer waters and lack of predators .
Thierry Henry responded to critics who disagreed with Javier Hernandez 's celebration .  Hernandez scored the winning goal for Real Madrid against rivals Atletico .  Henry said after the match that he owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo .  The former Arsenal striker then posted an 84-minute video of Michael Laudrup 's passing .
Research from the NASUWT union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils .  Some 82 per cent of 3,500 members polled were verbally assaulted by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union 's survey last year .  Meanwhile 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent last year .  23
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities .  Nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each .  Manchester City Council was the worst offender for its size .  Johnathan Isaby , chief executive of the Tax Payers ` Alliance , called the number of communications staff ' blatant hypocrisy `
A group of female fans , who ` ve dubbed themselves the ' Milifans ` , are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media .  The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the Labour leader .  Led by Twitter user @ twcuddleston , an AS Levels student by the name of Abby , the unlikely
Gary Kroeger announced Tuesday that he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa 's 1st District .  The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment .  He is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus .
Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London .  Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs .
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel , 59 of them were children .  Their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in Europe .  Their boat capsized on Sunday in one of the biggest maritime disasters since the end of World War Two .  Two Syrian men , aged 26 and 27 , were among the 90 survivors of the disaster .  The two
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman .  The 44-year-old said she thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached '  But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders .
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his car in Wembley , north west London .  A 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .  He is being questioned at a central London police station while officers appeal for witnesses .  Authorities remain ` open minded ' about the culprit 's motive for killing .
Michael Rapiejko rammed his police car into armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia .  He told investigators it was either ` shoot him or run him over ' in Marana , Arizona .  Police officer in the other vehicle warns him that the suspect is loaded and tells him to ` stand off '  But in apparent defiance of his advice , he drove straight toward the suspect .  Valencia is
Arsenal have won 15 wins from 17 games since New Year 's Day .  Arsene Wenger 's Gunners are now clear favourites to win the FA Cup again .  The Gunners lost 2-0 to Southampton on January 1 and are now sixth in the Premier League .  But once the pressure is on , the Gunners crumble and his players lose their bottle completely .  Arsenal are now making the
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Tony Blair said he is ` absolutely not ' in ` the league of the super-rich '  Former Prime Minister said he has left British politics behind .  Claimed the money he generates pays for ` infrastructure ' around him .  He said : ` I could not do what I do unless I was also able to generate income '  Mr Blair earns millions of pounds a year from
Jet Set Candy 's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm has eight options for a ` future husband ' - including ` King-to-be George ' and ` Earl '  The jewelry brand is targeting those commoners who dream of becoming the next Kate Middleton by marrying into the British Royal family .  The bracelet has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner , allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick
Misty Machinshok , 33 , has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse .  She ` coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive , and held her daughter 's hand ` the first few times '  She planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family and taken to warehouse in Mosul , Iraq .  She and six others were taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months .  The girl told them she had been beaten , handcuffed and raped .  They warned their
Tugce Taskin , 26 , was killed after the Lamborghini burst into flames .  Her friend Adem Kilic , 31 , is in a critical condition in hospital after the crash .  The Lamberghini swerved across a highway and hit another car coming the other way .  Witnesses said it was a ` miracle ' that friend survived the horror crash .  The pair had been driving their high-end sports
Luke Munro , 19 , and Dylon Thompson raided corner shop in Cleveleys , Blackpool .  Pair pulled out ` realistic looking ' handgun and waved it at family 's faces .  When the parents refused to hand over cash , they threw sweets at them .  Munro was jailed for five years for robbery , possessing a firearm and burglary .  Thompson was sentenced to three years and four
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in North Wales .  His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service , Dr Williams said .  He fears areas such as the LlÂn Peninsula will become ` no-go ' areas for young , aspiring GPs as none of them want to jump on a ` sinking ship
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League 's hardest working player .  The Burnley winger has clocked up 210.5 miles on the pitch .  Boyd has run the distance between Burnley 's Turf Moor ground and Crystal Palace 's Selhurst Park .  Christian Eriksen is second in the list-0 . 4 miles behind Boyd .  Sean Dyche 's side have three players in the top 10 .  Between them ,
Jia Huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to # 22,000 each .  He uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords .  They are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as Canada .  Mr Jia has previously been a garage owner , a fish farmer , a sales rep for golfing equipment and a well-paid middle-manager at a
Tony Abbott sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach Australia .  Hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to stop tragedies in the Mediterranean .  He said : ` The only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats '  EU leaders including David Cameron are meeting tomorrow in what charities are calling a ` life
Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion .  James Tavernier opened the scoring for the Robins after 16minutes .  Joe Bryan , Luke Ayling , Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also scored .  Bristol City reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season .
Series of pictures by German artist Jörg Düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland .  Models are so well camouflaged that it is impossible to work out where they are .  The 49-year-old artist is a body-renowned body painter who has used his skills in TV adverts .  The photoshoots , which take several hours to complete , are heavily planned before the artist arrives at the location with the
Hannah Bluck , 18 , was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia .  The rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen .  The youngster has played for the Wales youth national teams at U19 , U17 and U16 level .  She was struck down by a freak accident in March 2013 .  Bluck suffered a sickening dislocation of her ankle and
` Child 44 ' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in Stalin era .  The Hollywood blockbuster was due to premiere in Russia today .  It is set in 1952 , a year before Stalin 's death and features a maverick investigator .  It shows Soviet Army officers as ` blood-thirsty ghouls ' , shooting people , ` especially gays '  Culture minister Vladimir Medinsky slammed
Sarah Hamm , 33 , originally posted the photo of Rosa Camfield cradling her great-granddaughter Kaylee on Facebook a week before her grandmother 's death .  As of Wednesday afternoon , the photo had received over 2.5 million likes and nearly 78,000 shares .  ` I think it really sweet . My grandma would ' ve loved this , ` Hamm said .  Rosa 's family was well-off before and
A Russian-language version of Apple 's personal assistant Siri has been caught giving apparently homophobic responses .  A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about gay marriage , where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK .
A farmer has captured the adorable moment a duckling groomed a lamb 's woollen coat .  The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck .  The duck begins pecking away at the lamb as if grooming its coat .  A group of adult ducks can be seen walking past as the duckling begins to peck away at Winter 's face .
George North has been ordered to take at least one month off .  North suffered his third concussion in four months playing for Northampton .  The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April .
Julie Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet wives and partners of SAS members .  The 58-year-old Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party is famous for her love of shoes , claiming she 's a ` girly girl ' whose footwear gives her added ` confidence '  She did n't wear Jimmy Choo 's famous designs during their meeting , opting for another designer 's shoes .
Therend is inspired by anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon .  The ribbon is tied under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , tying them at the back .  Every time they lift their arms , their curves become more prominent .  Trend has also been copied by ordinary girls who post their own images online .
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 .  Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller told President Obama the citizens of her country loved him , and she loved him as well .  ` I just wanted to say you ' re well-loved in Jamaica . Well , first of all I can say to you publicly , ` she said .  Obama
Yaya Toure 's agent has called Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini a ` weak manager '  Dimitri Seluk has criticised the club 's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain .  Seluk said it was wrong to criticise Toure over City 's dismal run .  The 31-year-old has been linked with a move away from the club .  City face West Ham in the Premier League on
Cheteshwar Pujara has joined Yorkshire on a deal until the end of May .  The 27-year-old batsman was set to be Yorkshire 's overseas signing for 2015 .  Younis Khan was due to sign for Yorkshire but is now looking to be part of Pakistan 's potential touring party to Bangladesh .  He will instead link up with the Division One champions subject to receiving a work permit .
Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat to capture images of the well known landmarks .  He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river .  Prout 's collection is the oldest documented record of Britain 's best known landmarks , such as Windsor Castle , seen from the banks today .  The pictures are
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half in Stoke 's 2-1 win against Chelsea .  David Beckham 's strike from inside own half for Manchester United in 1996 .  Xabi Alonso scored a stunning effort for Liverpool against Newcastle in 2006 .  Thibaut Courtois was left helpless as his Chelsea side went on to win the game .  Danny Welbeck 's goal from a free-kick against Hull City in
Jonjo O ` Neill hosted a media stable visit on Thursday at his Jackdaws Castle yard in Gloucestershire .  He said he could not be happier with favourite for the Crabbie 's Grand National , Shutthefrontdoor .  AP McCoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys ` championship and retire .  McCoy has not decided yet whether he is riding Shutthe frontsdoor in the # 1million Grand National at
Sarah Thomas , who has worked exhibition games , will be a line judge for the 2015 season .  The 41-year-old was in the league 's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year .  She 's already broken ground as the first woman to work college games in 2007 .
Alexander Pacteau , 21 , charged with murdering nursing student Karen Buckley .  He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice .  Miss Buckley , a qualified nurse , went missing following a night out at a nightclub .  Her body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in Glasgow .  Pacteau made no plea at court and was remanded in custody
Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent # 15million deal for Stevan Jovetic .  The striker is keen to return to Italy after making just 39 appearances .  City would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree a loan deal .  Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing the Montenegro international to Inter .  Yaya Toure has hinted he could leave the Etihad Stadium
A Qantas jet bound for Perth has been forced to return to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air .  The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors .  Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon .
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at Queen 's .  The pair will join Andy Murray , Stan Wawrinka , Marin Cilic and Grigor Dimitrov .  Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year 's Wimbledon semi-final .
Ecuador 's leader Rafael Correa posed for a picture next to a boy wearing an ` I ' m With Stupid ` T-shirt .  The 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English .  The picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks .  It is now trending with the hashtag # IAmWithStupidMashi .
Rangers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall 's six-game reign .  The Ibrox side slumped to a 3-0 defeat at Queen of the South .  Kenny Miller fears Rangers ` promotion bid could be derailed .  Gers are currently third in the Scottish Championship on goal difference .
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid 's training ground .  The # 86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base early on Wednesday morning .  It came almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base .  Marca gave Bale just five out of 10 while AS
Calfornia Gov . Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday .  The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight .  State reservoirs have a year 's worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there wo n't
Fantasy Café is one of the first establishments in China to start charging an ` air-purifying fee ' on top of normal bills .  The cafe is located in downtown Hangzhou , the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province .  A label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge which costs 11p per person .  Owner Zhu Ze , 50 , bought the air purifiers earlier this
Princess Beatrice , 26 , was spotted at Shoreditch House with boyfriend Dave Clark , 31 .  She looked glamorous in a knee-length black leather dress .  The Joseph A-line dress has been identified as an alternative to a basic LBD .  But our future Instagram selfies will not include this dress because it is sold out .  We are in luck , our team has found great alternatives below
Bikram Choudhury , 69 , has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students .  He has denied the allegations in an interview with CNN .  ` Women love me . Women loves me , ' he said as he spoke to CNN .  He pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105F .  He has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .  But he was stopped at airport with stun gun disguised as baton and knuckle duster .  Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .  He lost his job before he even started it at Newcastle Crown Court .  Judge said : ` The general public need to be
Los Angeles-based developers Hyperkin have designed a case that adds the iconic .  arrow , plus the A and B buttons , from the Nintendo Game Boy , to an iPhone .  Called Smart Boy , the attachment also lets gamers play Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges .  It was originally devised as part of an April Fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league .  The defender played for a total of 10 clubs during his career , including Manchester City .  The 51-year-old has spent most of the past 13 years in places where TV rights do not sell for billions .  He says he has caught the management bug after playing for Wolves , Torquay
The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability .  The list price of Bentleys ranges from # 136,250 to # 224,700 .  The most reliable was Honda , with Suzuki second and Toyota in third .  The least reliable was the Audi RS6 , which was also the most costly to fix .
Agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in South Yarra .  Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos , including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family .  Contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000
Robin Williams stuffed collection of watches into sock and took it to friend for safekeeping .  Also spent final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online , convinced he had another illness .  Oscar-winning actor , 63 , had been diagnosed with Parkinson 's .  Post-mortem examination later revealed he had Lewy body dementia .  An undiagnosed illness would have been root cause of his bizarre behaviour .  Pathologist says
Jaysh Al-Islam , or Army of Islam , is a militant group that opposes ISIS and Syrian regime .  Thousands of troops , tanks and special forces soldiers took part in military parade in Damascus .  They are part of the group which is allegedly being funded by Saudi Arabia .  The insurgent group was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the
Paul Simon has topped the UK album chart for the first time in 25 years .  The 73-year-old rose to fame as one half of Simon & Garfunkel .  His latest album , The Ultimate Collection , outsold albums from Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith .  Simon is currently on his On Stage Together world tour with Sting .
James Corden tweeted a picture alongside David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr .  The comedian was on Corden 's Late Late Show in America last month .  The 36-year-old is currently filming late-night talk show Late Late in the US .  The pair are of no relation to the Beckhams , who are from London .  Brooklyn watched on from the audience as Corden retold the story of his first
Rhiannon Langley , from Melbourne , is posting her cosmetic surgery experience on social media .  The 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on Instagram alone .  She is currently in Bangkok recovering at a hotel post-surgery , but has remained active on her social media accounts , posting videos on Snapchat and sharing snaps .  She informed her followers of her impending surgery via the latter one week
Villagers in Ansai , Shaanxi Province , China , spent # 1,000 digging a well to get fresh drinking water .  When they pumped it to the surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire .  Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well .  But when they investigated they could find no trace of a spillage .  Locals have suggested
Elad Hershkowitz , of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv , filmed animals drinking .  He placed a GoPro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture different perspectives .  The animals-ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it -- were recorded for a total of 30 hours .  The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to
The woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks .  They found out their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ` incompatible with life outside the womb '  After an amniocentesis , the woman found out that her daughter would n't survive .  She also noted that her placenta could have ruptured , leaving her to ` bleed out in my bathtub faster than anyone
Vanessa Kennard was suspended in her absence by the Nursing and Midwifery Council .  She was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke , 45 .  The father-of-three suffered a brain haemorrhage in May 2012 .  It left him paralysed on his left side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate .  His partner Binny Moore planted a secret camera in an iPod docking station .  It
This is the claim made by his embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body .  They brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning , creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications .  The gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the ` Mausoleum group ' which
Mary Day , 60 , of Swanage , Dorset , claimed # 16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having # 27,000 in the bank .  She used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa for up to a month each time .  Day went on three trips to Goa in 2009,2011 and 2014 , but failed to tell authorities .  She was
Arsene Wenger accepted his side were ` a bit lucky ' to beat Reading on Saturday .  The Gunners failed to hit the level seen in recent games against Reading .  Garath McCleary 's volley was deflected past goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny , who could only palm the ball back over the line .  Alexis Sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond .  Announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer .  The 2015 LOTTE Championship , presented by Hershey
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
French coach driver was forced to perform U-turn on River Dart in Dartmouth , Devon .  He was carrying a bus full of French tourists under the watchful stare of passersby .  Eyewitnesses feared one wrong move and the bus would slid into the estuary .  Ferry company confirmed that the coach was too big to be allowed to cross the river .
Rhodri Giggs , 37 , lost his licence after being found guilty of driving without insurance .  The former player-manager of non-league side Salford City was banned from driving for six months , fined # 110 and ordered to pay a # 20 victim surcharge and # 85 costs .  Giggs was asked whether he would like to pursue an ` exceptional hardship ' application in an attempt to retain
Four men accused of theft have been beheaded in ISIS ` northern stronghold of Mosul .  They are seen being interviewed by jihadi captors before being dragged before crowds eager to see their beheadings .  One of the men is seen blindfolded and forced to his knees in a town square while a masked militant reads out the charges against him .  Locals on the ground suggested the men 's
Mohammed Dahbi ordered actress Kassie Thornton and her TV executive partner Christy Spitzer to ` keep that behavior for the bedroom '  He warned that if they ignored his request , he would throw them out .  When they got out , he called them ` b * * * 1 * ' , ` c * * ' * ` and ' whores ` after they refused to pay
Erica Kinsman filed a lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston , claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 .  The lawsuit was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft .  Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 .  He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year
Maxine Fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before .  The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride .  She alleged that she eventually woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her .  She called police the
Seven women , some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah , were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man .  Kayla had stolen the identity of a Montana student named Keagan , who the women had a chance to meet on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday .  He apologized to the women , saying she was trying to
John McCallum , 27 , broadsided Francesca Weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police .  The crash at an intersection in Redford , Detroit , flipped Mrs Weatherhead 's vehicle and killed her .  She had married her college sweetheart Matthew in June but she was killed only months later .
Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner , his cousin said .  He was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple 's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter .  He was trying to get his family out of the war-torn nation and fly them to Oakland .  But he could n't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff .  Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take
David Cameron and the Tories will get 31.8 per cent of the vote .  Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind Tories with 31.7 per cent .  Lib Dems are now expected to get 13.5 per cent , slightly ahead of UKIP .  Tories pledge an extra # 8billion to the NHS as part of their election campaign .  Chancellor George Osborne says next week 's manifesto
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked in Real Madrid 's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday .  The Portuguese was booked after being brought down by Antonio Amaya .  The Real Madrid star was set to miss Saturday 's game with Eibar .  But his yellow card has now been rescinded by La Liga 's appeals committee .
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy Lt . Dan was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet .  The dog 's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt . Dan , who was born with eight other puppies in a litter-and could have been euthanized .  Lt . Dan , named for the character in Forest Gump who lost his legs , was the only one
Steve Esmond and his wife , Dr Theresa Devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of St . John .  The toxic pesticide that poisoned the family has been found in various locations in Puerto Rico .  Sean , 16 , and his 14-year-old brother Ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized due to being poisoned
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals linked to cancers and diseases .  A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical ` above levels of concern '  Author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies ,
Ed Miliband received # 1.6 m from union barons in first week of campaign .  84 per cent of Labour 's donations came from just three trade unions .  It included a # 1million cheque from Unite , entrenching reliance on militant boss Len McCluskey .  Conservatives received # 501,850 and Lib Dems # 20,000 in the week to April 5 .  Critics accuse Labour of being bound by its
Of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , above in-laws -LRB- 21 per cent -RRB- but below grandparents at 26 per cent .  The ` Brady Bunch ' or ` blended ' household where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise .  35 per cent said that their family 's happiness was their top priority , compared to
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 .  The Dorset-born 24-year-old was left out of the 2012 London Olympic squad .  Cook applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici .  The British Olympic Association -LRB- BOA -RRB- have ratified Cook 's move .  British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says he is ` saddened ' to lose
Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg were quizzed about sending sexy text messages .  Green Party leader Natalie Bennett said it is ` OK for other adults but not for me '  Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered : ` A bit too risky , thank you very much ! '  Mr Milegband said : ` Drinking lots of water but it 's been a long time since I had one '
Asiana Airlines flight OZ162 crashed at 8pm local time at Hiroshima Airport .  Plane spun 180 degrees to be left facing the wrong way on the runway .  TV footage appeared to show evidence of a hard landing and no sign of the landing gear .  Airport has been closed as a result of the crash and emergency services are at the scene .
The robots were originally created in 2012 for a show called ` Peepshow '  They were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker .  The free event was hosted by Dutch hosting company TransIP .  More than 3,500 technology enthusiasts have attended the event .
Scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin , which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large , aggressive tumour .  Tests of new drug , carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs , achieved almost complete remission in mice .  Problem is partly caused by immune system ` B-cells ' that put a brake on the body 's
The car , which was carrying 12 , crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County , on central Florida 's Atlantic Coast .  Uriel Miranda , 38 , died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital .  Authorities say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of
Father-of-two Paul Doyle , 56 , moved family into # 820,000 home in Altrincham , Cheshire .  He had never worked and lived life ` on tick ' and incapacity handouts .  He put down # 200,000 deposit and obtained # 600,000 mortgage on property .  He falsely claimed wife Jeanette , 49 , worked as company executive .  But family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood .  His son
Viv Nicholson , 25 , and her coal miner husband Keith won # 152,319,18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 .  The equivalent of around # 3 million today .  In a phrase that decades later became the title of a hit musical starring Barbara Dickson .  Viv was so poor that she could n't even afford a pair of tights for the press conference .  She
South Yarra apartments have been valued between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million by listing agents .  Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up .  After last year 's bitter disappointment Darren and Dea are hoping they ` ve created a sophisticated apartment that potential buyers will like .  Jellis Craig agent Andrew McCann is telling potential buyers to expect Darren and Deanne 's chic apartment
Harry Kane will be available for the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship .  Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before approving his availability .  Kane played for England in recent matches against Lithuania and Italy .  Tottenham fear Kane may suffer burnout ahead of their pre-season tour of Australia and Malaysia .
Raheem Sterling will meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday .  The 20-year-old was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide .  It is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe .  Sterling scored in Liverpool 's 2-0 win over Newcastle on Monday .
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa beat QPR 4-2 at Villa Park .  Matty Phillips -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- and Fabien Delph -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- also scored for the visitors .  Gabriel Agbonlahor -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- was also on the scoresheet for QPR .  Tim Sherwood 's side are now 11th in the Premier League table .  Brad Guzan -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- could not have done much with any
Cassandra Fortin , 17 , was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma in September but did not want to receive the recommended treatment before exploring natural alternatives .  In January a court ruled that she could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and the state 's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of her .  Cassandra will be free to make her own medical
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez 's shot slip in extra-time at Wembley .  Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday .  Steve Clarke has backed the Australian to bounce back against Birmingham .  The 31-year-old will come up against an in-form striker Clayton Donaldson .
Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark off Heron Island in Queensland , Australia .  It 's thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal , but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator .  Dr Ken Collins , Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton , told
Andrew Sadek , 20 , was working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013 .  His mother Tammy Sadek believes that he signed his death warrant when he began working for the force .  Sadek 's death is raising questions about the use of young , low-level drug offenders as confidential informants .
Tianwen Chen , 65 , and his wife Gairen Guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989 .  They took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in Shanxi province , central China , over the past 26 years .  The couple , who live outside of Yuanping city , now have 12 of the children with the help of
Kevin Perz , 56 , graduated from Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield , Missouri , in 1977 .  In 1992 he sent a check to his calculus teacher , Marilyn Mecham , a check for $ 5,000 .  Then in 2002 , he sent $ 10,000 to his former business teacher .  Perz enlisted the help of the Alumni Association , who went through decades-old board room minutes .
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign .  ` Not until I see -- .  again , I would say this about any candidate -- until I .  ` I think she 's a tremendous public servant ... she is one of the most qualified people to
Saracens face Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday .  Billy Vunipola faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon .  The 22-year-old faces an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Mathew Tait during the match at Allianz Park .  Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper after missing out on Sale 's Danny Cipriani .
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium in Saturday 's lunchtime kick-off .  Arsene Wenger 's side moved up to second in the Premier League .  Manchester City could reclaim second by beating Crystal Palace on Monday .  Wenger says ` there is something happening , that shows you that they are ready to fight for each other '  Mesut Ozil scored a stunning free-kick on the half hour
First lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray that she was taught how to drive by the U.S. . Secret Service .  ` The Secret Service , actually , because they would n't let me in the car with her , ' Mrs . Obama said in an excerpt of the interview .  Mrs . Obama has n't driven herself in seven or eight years
Spain won Euro 2008 but their fans had booed them before , not recognising a great team .  Now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters .  Xavi , Carles Puyol , Xabi Alonso , Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles .  It is not clear what toll battle has taken on Victor Valdes , David Villa and Fernando
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal 's Under 21 side on Tuesday night .  Midfielder has been out of action since November with an ankle injury .  The England midfielder is hoping to regain his place in Arsene Wenger 's team .  Wilsher is targeting the FA Cup semi-final with Reading and the Premier League clash with Manchester United .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Ronnie O ` Sullivan moved into the second round of the World Snooker Championship .  The 39-year-old beat Craig Steadman 10-3 at The Crucible .  The title favourite could face a fine of around # 250 for briefly playing on without shoes .
Shop owner believed to be from Mozambique died from his injuries in Johannesburg .  He was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he died of his injuries .  At least six people have been killed and thousands displaced .  Gangs of machete-wielding gangs have ransacked immigrant-owned shops .  Many families have now fled to a makeshift refugee camp just east of Johannesburg .  South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma
Jose Aldo takes on Conor McGregor in Las Vegas on July 11 .  The featherweight champion insists he does n't want the belt in his presence .  Aldo made the eighth defence of his belt against McGregor .
Attorney General Eric Holder left the Justice Department on Friday after six years in charge .  He was confirmed by the Senate as the third-longest serving attorney general in U.S. . history .  Newly confirmed Attorney General-designate Loretta Lynch will take over from Holder , following a months-long delay of her Senate confirmation vote .  Holder described an ` em otional attachment ' to the department and recounted efforts to
Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong on Thursday .  He is accused of the murders of two Indonesian women .  Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih , both in their 20s , were found dead in Jutting 's upmarket flat .  Jutting , 30 , is being held at Hong Kong 's maximum security Siu Lam psychiatric prison .  Magistrate Jason Wan turned down an application for
Prince George 's birth in 2013 sparked a # 247m sales boom for royal memorabilia .  A modest sales increase of between # 60 and # 70m is predicted .  Most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs .  But the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term .  Scores of companies are hoping to cash in on the second
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page .  The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney .  According to several commenters on the post , the car owner put the chili peppers out on the grass on a tarp .  It is unclear if this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock 's permanent manager on Friday .  The former Hearts boss was asked to take charge until the end of the season .  Locke was given a three-year deal by the club on Thursday .  The 39-year-old paid tribute to the players who have helped him win favour .  Locke replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February .  The Ayrshire club were
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr . in Las Vegas .  The WBA super-middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury .  Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday .
Rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman .  deliberately obstructing its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints .  They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI .  Politicians have called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing , which took place between May 2011 and July 2013 .  Labour 's John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of
Niki Lauda is fully expecting Nico Rosberg to turn ` nasty ' at some stage .  Lauda accused the German and team-mate Lewis Hamilton of being ` egocentric b * * * '  Hamilton claimed his fourth Chinese Grand Prix victory and the 35th overall of his Formula One career .  The 30-year-old effectively accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference after he slowed in the middle stint
Martin Skrtel has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from Liverpool .  The Slovakia international has been linked with Wolfsburg and Napoli .  The 30-year-old 's contract at Anfield expires in 2016 .
Not all turtles can swim , said Florida Wildlife officials this week after beachgoers tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean to protect them from beach predadtors .  There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher torteoises because they were mistaken for sea turtles .  Tortoises are protected by Florida law and sea turtles are on Florida 's endangered species or threatened survival list .
JB Holmes took victory in a play-off at the Houston Open .  The 32-year-old stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start .  Overnight leader Jordan Spieth saw his advantage go before he was on the course .  Holmes birdied the par-four 18th with a 25ft putt to card a 69 .  Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt go by the hole , handing the title to Holmes .  Holmes
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club .  The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League .  Dortmund have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30 pm .  Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over at the club .  The former Mainz coach is understood to be exhausted after a difficult season in which the
The woman , who calls herself Zhu Diandian online , has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet .  The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs -LRB- 13st -RRB- .  The owner 's surname , Zhu , sounds exactly like ` pig ' in Mandarin .  But the same ca n't be said of her pet dog , who often peers enviously at the pig
Carlos Toro , 66 , worked as a member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s .  A confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life .  He came to the U.S. . and began working for the DEA as an informant .  He provided information about a number of his former bosses and associates .  He was n't paid for work , but
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A .  The Biancoceleste are nine points behind leaders Juventus with seven games remaining .  Lazio face Massimiliano Allegri 's Juventus on Saturday .  Roma have won just two of their last eight league games .
Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson scored for Birmingham City .  Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham .  Rob Kiernan 's clumsy handling of Derbyshire saw the former City forward go down in the box only for referee Dean Whitestone to wave away appeals for a spot-kick .
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson , Indiana , on April 5 , when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana 's Department of Child Services .  The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives .  Fleming left the home they shared with her daughter after the woman who
Peter Barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of # 23,000 to Chiltern Railways .  barrister travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone .  He pretended to have only gone from Wembley , in north west London .  Australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to # 9,714 . 40 in fares .  Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012
Kendra Spears , 26 , has given birth to her first child , a boy named Prince Irfan .  The supermodel , known as Princess Salwa , married Prince Rahim Aga Khan in 2013 .  The royal is said to be doing well and both mother and child are doing well .
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada at the weekend .  The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy .  Mundo Deportivo looks ahead to Barcelona 's clash with Almeria on Wednesday .  Juventus ` Coppa Italia semi-final win over Fiorentina continues .  Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is being linked with a
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2 .  Tickets will cost # 6.60 and will go on sale on Friday at 8pm .  All funds raised will go to two charities chosen by the pair .
Harold Ekeh , 18 , moved from Nigeria to Long Island with his parents aged eight .  He is now a straight A student at Elmont Memorial High School in Long Island .  He has an SAT score of 2270 and is editor-in-chief of his student newspaper .  He says he has set a high bar for his four younger brothers .  ` People say the sky is the limit-it
New episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .  The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .  Clarkson 's spokesman was unavailable for comment .
Choc on Choc 's Limited Edition Political Chocolates collection comes in three flavours .  David Cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , Ed Miliband 's comes in a red raspberry .  Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb .
George Bailey will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast for Sussex .  The Australian batsman will also be available in the Royal London Cup .  Bailey has captained his country in both limited-overs formats .
Tom Ryan , 40 , was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island .  Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding .  Mr Ryan , a married father-of-two , was transferred by air ambulance to Belleview hospital .  He has lost one leg , but is expected to live , a UPS representative said .
Boy , nine , was whipped with skipping ropes by his adoptive mother .  The 50-year-old had adopted the boy when he was six after being given up by her cousin .  She said she was ` strict ' with him and was trying to correct his bad habits .  Photographs of the boy 's horrific injuries have sparked outrage in China .
5,080 flight cancellations in the first four months of the year .  This is compared to the 4,239 cancellations during the same period in 2014 .  Low-cost carrier Monarch has experienced the greatest increase in delays .  EasyJet has a 19 % increase , while Thomas Cook 's delays have increased by 37 % .  Lufthansa , Virgin and Thomson have also experienced delays by 7 % .  Airline refutes
More than a third of owners want their dog to have a short , low-maintenance coat .  A similar proportion favoured soft , floppy ears , according to research .  36 per cent of owners prefer smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas .  The perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie and a beagle 's eyes .  The ` soft and round ' snout of a
Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night .  Pilots foiled two landing attempts at Manchester , where plane was due to arrive .  Passengers were made to stay in seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled .  Police were first called to tarmac when passengers ` kicked off ' , according to one witness .  Officers returned two hours later after angry passengers were trying
Prime Minister accuses Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having ` some brass neck '  Accused Tories of failing the poor , adding : ` Do n't you dare lecture us on poverty '  He said families stuck on benefits were not ` playing the system ' but ` victims of it '  A single mum , working 15 hours and earning # 87 a week , would have lost
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Carl Frampton has dismissed Eddie Hearn 's offer to fight Scott Quigg .  The IBF super-bantamweight world champion has branded the offer a ` publicity stunt '
Left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for an end to religious selection .  They claimed the Church was being ` turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged '  They said 6 per cent of parents with a child at a state-funded school admitted to attending church services in order to get their child into a Church school .  They said the level of false Church attendance rose to
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five players to play every minute of his team 's Premier League games this season .  John Stones has the best passing accuracy of any Everton player this season-90 . 8 % .  Andrew Robertson has made 40 dribbles this year , 17 more than any other Hull defender .  Steve Bruce admits he has already had calls from clubs interested in the Glasgow-born
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Josh Meekings was serving a retrospective notice of complaint after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic 's Leigh Griffiths with his hand .  Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek ` clarification ' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident .  Inverness went on to beat Celtic in extra-time to
Gianni Van , 45 , is accused of killing 24-year-old Gonzalo Ramirez in 1995 .  Ramirez 's blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of a road in Irvine , California .  Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza , who went on to become a psychology professor in France and the mother of a little girl .  Van 's lawyer
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer .  The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .  technical director Marcel Brands confirmed interest from ` big clubs '  Tottenham , Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also among the contenders .
Manchester City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday .  The reigning champions have laid on six coaches to transport 3,000 fans .  The move was made after TV scheduling made it impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night .  Meanwhile , hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare because of the Easter rail shut down
Zane Gbangbola died at home -- in the middle of the night -- after being poisoned by gas .  For months after his death , police and other agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a landfill site .  Instead , they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death .  But damning new evidence proves authorities knew for
Insurers are increasingly checking people 's social media accounts after break-in .  They are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled .  Most insurers have ` reasonable care ' clause , meaning they do n't have to offer cash .  Police have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will check social networks to see if people are out of their homes before striking .  The
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to a water fountain .  Each time the water sprays , the canine flies through the air .  After almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .
Sergio Perez fears ` a very painful year ' lies ahead if Force India 's roll out of their upgraded car this season .  The Silverstone-based marque started the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace .  The B-spec model is now not due to be unveiled until the Austrian Grand Prix in June .  Perez finished 10th in the season-opening race in Australia , where only
A chocolate bunny worth $ 64,000 -LRB- # 33,000 -RRB- made headlines this week for being the world 's most expensive Easter treat .  The five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania Origin chocolate .  It contains 548,000 calories and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes .  Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists including Jackson Pollock and Banksy .  Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo
Liverpool host Blackburn in the FA Cup third round on Wednesday night .  Brendan Rodgers ` side have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places .  The Reds are currently fourth in the Premier League table .  They have lost two of their last three Premier League games this season .  The Reds have not won a trophy in the last three seasons .  They are currently
Staff attorneys at the U.S. . Justice Department 's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps . $ 45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc . .  As reports surface that the multi-billion-dollar deal may be blocked , a spokesman for TWC questioned the reports and said the company has been working productively with both the DOJ and the Federal Communications Commission .  The
An unusual project by men 's face product company West Coast Shaving .  Each member of history 's most esteemed rock bands are merged into one .
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time .  Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK 's first official weekly vinyl chart has been established .  Noel Gallagher can also claim the most successful album of the last 20 years on the format , with Oasis 's 1995 offering -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ?
Jarret Stoll , 32 , was arrested on drug possession charges at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Friday .  The NHL player passed through security on his way to the Wet Republic pool when a security guard found a ` pink baggie ' filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and ` gel-caps ' containing 8.1 grams of Molly .  ` Molly ' is the name given to the
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio .  It shows the monkey having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers .  Owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick .  PETA 's UK Director , Mimi Bekhechi , said that videos like this ` often inspire ill-informed people to
Gemma , 34 , has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans .  Revealed she wanted to show curvy women how to embrace their curves .  Launched the collection at one of the high street chain 's flagship stores in Manchester .  Wore a floral number from the collection with a pair of stilettos and a golden tan .  Says her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen from his contract .  The Bosnia-Herzegovina defender was involved in a brawl with security personnel .  Spahic was sacked after the incident at the German Cup quarterfinal .  The 34-year-old was ruled out for up to four weeks with a knee injury .
Johanna Basford , 32 , has released a colouring book for adults called Enchanted Forest .  The mother-of-one 's second book has sold out within weeks of its release .  The 32-year-old 's first book , Secret Garden , has sold over 1.5 million copies .  It has inspired a flurry of similar books , from artists to bankers .  Miss Basford said she has been contacted by people from
Kyle Walker suffered a collision with Kieran Trippier during Tottenham 's 0-0 draw with Burnley .  The England defender was left with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused .  Spurs are confident Walker has not broken his foot following a scan on Tuesday .  Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising , but no fracture .  However , more tests are planned this week
Researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office .  From this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the North Sea warms .  And this could increase the price of fish and chips .  This is because species wo n't be able to migrate north to avoid warming
Bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion from his online marketplace , was pictured at the Campo de ` Fiori in Rome on Tuesday .  The Internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a security guard .
18-year-old Xie Xu carries his best friend Zhang Chi to school each day .  Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle .  He often makes it difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight .  Xie , who stands at 1.73 meters tall and weighs 75 kilos , decided to carry Zhang around the school 's campus .
Jordon Ibe will sign a new contract with Liverpool at the end of the week .  The 19-year-old has agreed a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020 .  Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County .  He is expected to return against West Brom on Sunday .
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate .  In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging .  The # 135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long furry creatures from their bankside burrows on the Somerset Levels .  In February , when
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday .  They are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization .  Authorities described the men as close friends who met secretly to plan their travel to Syria .  They are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final .  Josh Meekings handball on the line could have meant a penalty and red card .  Craig Gordon was also sent off in the second half .  John Hughes says it was probably the turning point in the game .  ` It 's part and parcel of football and you need a wee bit of luck to beat Celtic , '
Amira Abase , 15 , left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum and Kadiza Sultana in February .  She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa , Syria .  She tweeted a picture of chicken and chips with another ` jihadi bride '  The picture shows a Western-style takeaway with fried chicken , chips and kebab meat .  Amira , from London , is one of three
Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 .  Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan .  Iona 's stepson , George Costello Jr , 45 , was staying nearby at the time .  He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in jail in Florida .  His fiance said it was a ` weird
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match .  Dimitri Payet received a two-game sanction after aiming expletives at the closed door of the match officials ` dressing room after a goalless draw with Lyon .  The two clubs , bitter rivals of each other , put out identical press releases last Friday stating that they would no longer speak to Canal + until May 30 .
Alexander Soumbadze , 26 , has been charged with eight counts of child pornography .  Georgia-born martial arts expert admitted to trading and receiving child porn .  He was co-owner of On The Mat Sports International karate studio in Chevy Chase , Maryland .  Two days after his interview with police , he fled , possibly returning to his native Georgia .  Police have issued a warrant for his arrest
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Premier League on Sunday .  David Silva received an elbow by Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half .  The Spaniard was taken to hospital after being caught in the face .  Silva went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side announced on Monday that tests showed no fracture .  West Ham boss Sam
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out at Manchester City following a poor season .  Former Germany midfielder Dietmar Hamann believes Klopb would be the ideal fit for the job .  Klopps announced his departure from the Bundesliga club on Wednesday .  The 47-year-old won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup during his seven years
Mirko ` Cro Cop ' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round .  The Brazilian had not fought in the UFC since 2011 .  In the co-main event , Jimi Manuwa beat Jan Blachowicz .
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $ 1.4 billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii .  Protesters say that the mountaintop , where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past , is on top of sacred burial ground land .  A Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction .  The 18-story
Vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists .  The tenth edition of the annual course , ` Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation , ' began this morning .  One of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions .
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980 .  In January 1981 , police in Bossier Parish , Louisiana , found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest in the woods out of a dirt road outside Shreveport .  For 34 years , Carol 's family searched in vain for the troubled teen .  Now
Margaret Rylance realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account .  Her concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer 's disease .  In reality her son David , 47 , had been slowly siphoning the money away .  He spent it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs .  A # 13,000 fee to move his mother into a care home in
Tareq Kamleh appeared in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend .  He urged foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims .  He appeared in western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward .  The Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency has refused to deregister him .  He has claimed he had unprotected sex with a Royal Adelaide Hospital patient who was a former
Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona with a thumping win at the Bernabeu on Easter Sunday .  Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Carlo Ancelotti 's side before Cristiano Ronaldo completed his hat-trick in the second half .  The Portuguese scored an eight-minute first-half hat-half as the visitors were comfortably swept aside .  Ibanez scored an own goal for Granada in the 74th minute to
Images of the watch 's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement .  Samsung 's previous watches have all had rectangular faces , or in the case of the Gear S , a curved design .  This is the first time Samsung has released its wearable SDK to developers before the official product announcement .  Elsewhere in the release Samsung said it has already worked with CNN ,
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton 's goalless draw with Huddersfield .  The Liverpool younglet was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute .  The 22-year-old has been ruled out for the rest of the season .
Catholic bishops in the USA have slammed the hit BBC drama Wolf Hall .  Review attacked the six-part series as ` a work of fiction that adopts a narrow , revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the Tudor period in which it 's set '  Show 's depiction of Sir Thomas More as ` evidence-flouting caricature ' that is ` sleazy , mean-spirited and just
Across the country , horses , ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers and left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides in the hope that someone will rescue them .  In desperation , the RSPCA launched an urgent appeal to rehome some of the hundreds of horses in their care .  Their three sanctuaries , with capacity for 640 horses , are full ,
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for ` em otionally neutral events ' that gain significance through subsequent experience .  We take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date .  This is because emotion affects activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing-particularly the amygdala and
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal on Saturday .  The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year .  He said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night .
Adriana Alvarez , 22 , says that even with assistance from food stamps , Medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having worked for McDonald 's for five years .  Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize .  She said her pay used to be
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester Tigers .  The England and Lions flanker 's future was in doubt last month .  Croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers ` victory over Newcastle .  The 29-year-old missed most of last season with a knee injury .  This latest setback has almost certainly ruled him out of the World Cup .  Richard Cockerill said : ` We all
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul , Afghanistan .  40 per cent of Skateistan 's students are female ; the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program .  In 2007 , Australian skateboarder Oliver Percovich created the non-profit organization to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding .  When he first brought the program to Kabul in 2007 , many of
A massive fire consumed a building that was once home to a Michigan strip club on Wednesday afternoon .  The fire took place at a building located on a Flint intersection , and started at about 1pm .  A strip club named The Body Shop used to be at the site .  Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large , brightly burning flames .
Rommel gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness .  The German became an iconic wartime figure with his goggles .  They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat .  The pair shared good wine and smoked ` excellent cigars ' , according to Gambier-Parry 's granddaughter .
Jose Mourinho 's side kept a clean sheet against Arsenal at the Emirates .  John Terry was in inspiring form in the Chelsea defence .  Danny Welbeck 's pace could have caused the Chelsea back line a lot trouble .  Didier Drogba 's strike could have given Arsenal the lead .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .  Arsenal host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday .
Charlie Kwentus , 42 , from Webster Groves , Missouri , was granted his dying wish by the Annie 's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids .  The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .  Tear-jerking footage from the special event shows his daughters Maren , aged nine , and Zoe , 13 , before stopping
Sergeant Norman Turgel , 24 , and Gena , 20 , fell in love in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp .  Gena weighed only a few pounds and was a walking skeleton in the camp .  Norman became so besotted he told Gena he was going to marry her one day .  The pair were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years .  Gena 's SS commandant
Ecologists Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin launched a crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area .  Within two days they received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion .  The couple still hope to reach the $ 15,000 goal .  The website has since attempted to track down the mystery pledger but to no avail .
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education have n't had sex .  Pupils enrolled in Arts subjects like history and English were far more likely to have lost their virginity .  1.66 per cent of students revealed they first had sex when they were 13 years of age or younger .
Raheem Sterling said in an interview he was not ready to sign a new contract .  The England international said he would not sign a contract at Liverpool .  Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal .  Click here for Liverpool transfer news .  Sterling has not been great recently and was awful against Man Utd .  Sterling played for England in the 4-0 Euro 2016 qualifier against
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic to reach the final of the Miami Open .  The 12th-seed did n't face a single break point in the semi-final .  She will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in Saturday 's final .  It 's the eighth time the Spaniard has reached a WTA final .
Martin Odegaard has been dropped from Real Madrid 's B-team Castilla .  The 16-year-old wonderkid is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates .  He was called up by Norway coach Per-Mathias Hogland for the European Championship Group H qualifier against Croatia .  Castilla were top of their regional third division when he arrived in January .  After his debut the team 's form dipped dramatically
Real Madrid want to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea .  But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal does n't negotiate .  Chelsea 's Petr Cech looks set to leave Stamford Bridge this summer .  Lionel Messi 's injury dominates in Sport , while in Italy Palermo striker Paulo Dybala could join up with Roberto Mancini at Inter Milan .  Inter Milan are
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute .  Andrew Surman 's shot from the edge of the area struck Adam Federici 's far post .  The Cherries took a hard-fought lead at the Madejski Stadium .  Manager Eddie Howe said : ` It was nervy , with what 's at stake it was always going to be that way '  The win secured Bournemouth 's position
Six soldiers were laid to rest at Prowse Point Military Cemetery in Belgium , more than 100 years after they were killed in October 1914 .  Their graves will be labelled as ` Known Unto God ' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers , chosen by Rudyard Kipling .  Two served with The King 's Own Lancaster Regiment and two with The Lancashire Fusiliers-which sent soldiers to
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks .  Said he is ` really angry ' at Labour 's claim that the Conservatives are ` the party for the few , not the many '  He will claim Ed Miliband 's economic policies could see ` a million more people joining the dole queues '  Britain was the best performing major economy in the
The 78 Irish travellers had refused to budge despite facing three courts .  Locals in Hardhorn , Lancashire , accused the group of trashing their leafy village .  They claimed the eviction ` violated ' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans .  Last October , the camp appeared to have lost its case after travellers were told to move out by Court
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The Filipino says he must be a ` warrior in the ring ' to fight the undefeated American .  The $ 300m mega-fight will be billed as the biggest sporting event in history .
Jamar Nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. . before school on February 10 when two police officers working for the LAPD 's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn .  One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .  Nicholson was shot in
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh .  It shows two male employees in blue uniforms throwing large suitcases .  They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on a walkway .  Saudi Arabian Airlines confirmed that two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked .  The video was uploaded to LiveLeak , where it has nearly
Tegan Peters , 22 , found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park , south of Auckland .  She immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community .  Ms Peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over , thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross , Odin .  ` It was definitely deliberate ,
Susie Clark found the 3to-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem in a search field at Crater of Diamonds State Park .  She named the gem a ` hallelujah diamond ' after praying that she would find something .  The gem is the largest of the 122 found this year on the 37.5-acre search field .  Clark first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother .
Peter Crouch gave an analysis on Charlie Adam 's celebration against Chelsea .  Adam scored a wonder goal against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  The Stoke striker was asked to ` do the robot ' if he scored against Jose Mourinho 's high-flyers .  The 34-year-old also went as far as to highlight where Adam was going wrong .
Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 to go fourth in Serie A .  Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored on loan .  Miralem Pjanic 's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli .  Carlos Tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help Juventus beat Empoli .
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux ` rope ' taking shape on the sun .  In the video , twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis , and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash-a solar flare-to form .  The discovery was made using the 5.2 ft -LRB- 1.6 metres -RRB-
Teenager believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi , Britain 's youngest convicted terrorist .  The pair from Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families for several days and cannot be reached on their mobile phones .  The two 17-year-old boys are believed to have crossed into Syria to join ISIS .  They are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from
Commuters can now make calls and texts on the Tube .  The technology is the first to be rolled out in Europe .  iPhone users on EE will see a Wi-Fi Calling section appear in their phone .  Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge will also have the feature on the EE network .
Darren Stanton has become the UK 's top human human lie detector .  The former police officer has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming -LRB- the study of body signals -RRB- .  Appeared on ITV 's This Morning , he managed to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were fibbing .  He also appeared in a video clip catching out
An 18-month-old baby and three girls-aged three , six and eight-were trapped .  The youngsters were walking on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach during school break .  Onlookers perched on nearby pier did nothing to help them .  Lifeboat crew member said : ` They thought they were going to die . One mum was disgusted people were filming it all on cameras , not helping '
In its heyday , Kejonuma Leisure Land , in Tohoku , Japan , attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors .  The once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors , attributed to Japan 's low birth rate and economic collapse .  Today , the abandoned merry-go-round and other relics of a bygone era are tourist attractions in their own right .  Urban explorer Florian
Kerry Hamilton , 34 , had stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods for two years .  She was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 .  At just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children .  Since her time in South Africa she had
Hayleigh Mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump boyfriend David Clarke via WhatsApp .  She texted her partner on the social media app with the words : ` I do n't want to be with you any more '  But David replied : ` Thank God you said it first so I did n't have to '  Soon after her boyfriend revealed that he had also been playing an April
Barry Beavis , 48 , had parked his car at Riverside Retail Park in Chelmsford , Essex .  He was fined # 85 after he overstayed by 56 minutes in a private car park .  He said the fine was unfair and disproportionate and unenforceable .  But today the Court of Appeal said it was not ` extravagant or unconscionable '  Motoring groups said the decision would open the floodgates
Jacob Church , 21 , and Joe Tobin , 29 , had only met earlier in the night .  They were at an art exhibition when the vault door shut behind them .  The pair were fed water to prevent them becoming dehydrated .  Police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low .  Eventually fire crews were able to cut through the
Hull beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park .  Jamie Shaul 's long-distance try was enough to seal the win .  Tom Makinson levelled for the Saints with a superb try .  Fetuli Talanoa scored a brace for Hull .  Lance Hohaia and James Roby put the Saints in good attacking spot .  Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook scored a late consolation try .  Alex Walmsley scored a try , but the in-goal
The number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4 per cent last year from 10.9 per cent in 2013 .  Engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today 's competitive market .  Overall , the United States generated 3.1 million jobs last year , the most since 1999 .
Five-month-old Elijah McCrae died in his mother 's arms on Monday evening .  His parents , Jessica and Andrew , created a 30-item ` bucket list ' for their son .  Ellijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy .  He was born strong , before becoming ` very floppy '  The first item ticked off was a trip to the Sydney Royal Easter Show .
Jonny Bucknell , 58 , from Belsize , Hampstead , has a history of odd behaviour .  He was caught tucking into a roast duck dinner at Camden Council .  Labour rival , Theo Blackwell , spotted him and told him to put down his knife and fork .  The mayor , Lazzaro Pietragnoli , told Mr Bucknell to stop eating .  The Tory councillor claims he was unaware of
Shaker Aamer has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge for more than 13 years .  The 48-year-old has a British wife and four children in London .  He is the longest-serving UK resident in the naval base and has twice been cleared for release , by the Bush administration in 2007 , and by Barack Obama in 2009 .  U.S. . officials said he is expected to be freed
Luis Suarez was Liverpool 's player of the season last season .  Steven Gerrard , Daniel Sturridge , Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling all played well .  Jordan Henderson was outstanding and Martin Skrtel was a big presence .  Brendan Rodgers suggested he might be a contender for PFA Young Player of Year .  But the Brazilian playmaker has not shone since the turn of the year .  Simon Mignolet
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco 's performance in the Champions League shows you do n't need to make big investments to go far in the competition .  The French club host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday .  Arturo Vidal scored the only goal from the penalty spot to put Juventus in the ascendency .  Juve are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years .
Patrick O ` Flynn said Ukip needs to ' work harder ` as it is ' lagging ` behind with female voters .  He was forced to defend its ` blokeish ' image under Nigel Farage .  Polls suggest 15 % of men are planning to back the party , compared to 10 % of women .  MEP Diane James said the party would tackle female genital mutilation .  Mrs
The woman , a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport , is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child .  Firefighters rescued her three daughters and a son , ages 9 to 13 , at around 1.30 pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 .  All four children were taken to St Christopher 's Hospital
Anjelica ` AJ ' Hadsell , 18 , has been missing since March 2 .  Police are searching a pond near Carrsville , Virginia , in an attempt to find the cell phone of the Longwood University freshman .  The teenager was last seen driving near her parents ` home in Norfolk , roughly 40 miles from the pond searched Friday .  The stepfather of the teenager , 36 ,
Awkward photos of the New Zealand Prime Minister pulling multiple young girls ` ponytails are being posted on social media .  This comes after he was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair while she was at work .  Amanda Bailey , 26 , wrote a post on a blog site shaming Mr Key for his behaviour and saying it made her ` uncomfortable '  Reddit users
Holidaymakers on the delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25 pm on Friday .  But by the time they finally arrived they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3 .  Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin , 46 , called the lack of security ` ludicrous '  He said : ` Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain
Northampton were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Clermont .  Saints flanker Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form .  Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday .  Jim Mallinder 's side will almost guarantee a home play-off with victory .  Harlequins campaign will be played at Franklin 's Gardens , rather than MK Dons .  Northampton 's scrummaging pride was dented
There will be calls for England to get rid of Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott on the back of their failures in the first Test against West Indies .  The pair have phenomenal Test records against Australia in the past .  Cook will end up with one of the greatest of all England records and you have to give people of that calibre every possible chance to show they are
Alan Pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle 's season .  The 53-year-old 's side would only be on 20 points at the top of the Premier League .  Newcastle fans protested for the board to sack the embattled manager .  He resigned after a 1-0 defeat at Stoke which left Newcastle joint bottom with Burnley .  Since his departure the players have look uninterested and unhappy playing
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 show Beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  They show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .  Some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion , a camel and a horse .
Bradley Parkes , 16 , is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt .  His mother Tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital .  She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry .  She said : ` Every time they see him they just take everything off him '  The Manchester United fan was
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday .  Last season , the Championship side held eventual Premier League champions City to a draw , but were thrashed 5-0 in the return .  Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling , who has turned down contracts worth # 100,000-per-week .  Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal .  CLICK HERE for all the latest
A row over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end after 35 years .  Audrey Alexander , 54 , bought the house and asked her neighbour to trim it .  She claims the hedge has knocked # 20,000 off the value of her property .  Stirling Council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge , although it has to be cut to 20ft .
Defendant , Claudio Giardiello , 46 , was due to appear today accused of fraudulent bankruptcy .  He killed his lawyer and co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi .  Fourth victim , understood to have been a witness , had no visible injuries and died of a heart attack .  Gunman managed to evade police and fled the courthouse on his motorbike .  He likely used a false ID
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado , 26 , is from Chiapas , Mexico , and moved to Provo about a month ago to study English .  There is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16 .  The woman 's cellphone has been turned off , and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed party manifestos ahead of May election .  Accused Tories of giving ` no detail ' on how they will tackle nations ` debts .  Labour has left door open to borrowing an extra # 26billion-a-year .  George Osborne and Ed Balls accused of failing to spell out where the axe will fall .  Borrowing-excluding the effect of bank bailouts-has fallen by more than # 60
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised .  Three cars were broken into during the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup match against Hull KR .  Bradford are appealing for witnesses after the incident .
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a comfortable 3-1 win at Guingamp .  Nabil Fekir 's goal and Alexandre Lacazette 's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control .  Clinton N ` Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier 's side three goals to the good .  It was Lyon 's first win in three and moved them back above
Amanda Taylor , 24 , has been charged with first-degree murder after police say she killed her former father-in-law , 59-year-old Charles Taylor , in retaliation for her husband 's suicide .  Taylor 's suspected accomplice ` Sean Ball , 32 , was found unresponsive on the side of a North Carolina highway when police say Taylor allegedly tried to kill him .  The mother of two reportedly blamed Taylor
The albumen prints were taken in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s .  They are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow and could fetch up to # 30,000 .  Everything from the waterfront , city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots .  Many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today
Alix Bussey , 23 , was hit by a car and died in Mexico with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle , also 23 .  She was just coming to the end of her holiday in the resort of Riviera Maya .  She was a teacher at Bowburn Infants School , County Durham .  Her family said she was devoted to the children she taught .
Jef Rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules '  As the weather has gotten warmer , Jef said , his daughter grew excited to wear the multicolor frock , which she had worn to church in the past .  He said he found
Vanessa Moe 's debut showing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters .  But her minimalist collection was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear .  A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces .  The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience .
Hillary Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool .  She would spend three and a half hours looking ` heartbroken ' , it is claimed .  Clintons did not trust the old fashioned White House telephone system .
The 16-page manuscript is expected to fetch up to $ 1.5 million .  It includes a ` lost verse ' about the music being ` reborn '  The song was released in 1971 and was a No . 1 U.S. . hit for four weeks in 1972 .  McLean , now 69 , says writing the song was ` a mystical trip into his past '
` Security detachments were able to ... detonate a car bomb left at the American consulate building in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them , ' ISIS said in a daily audio message posted online .  But the US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa , near Kurdish regional capital Arbil , did not kill or wound any consular employees .  Officials
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring for Juventus in the 21st minute .  Roberto Pereyra doubled the scoring shortly before the interval .  Leonardo Bonucci added a third just before the hour mark .  Massimiliano Allegri 's side went into the game knowing they had to go on the attack if they were to progress to the Coppa Italia final .  The Italian league leaders were without key trio Carlos Tevez
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to claim her second ANA Inspiration crown .  The 29-year-old won the tournament at Mission Hills Country Club in California .  It also saw Lincicombe take a jump into Poppy 's Pond for the second time having also won this tournament in 2009 .  She also took a jump in the water hazard on the final hole of the first round .
A baby girl was found in the ladies ` toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu .  The woman , Yuan Yen , 34 , was found to be the mother of the baby .  She was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect .  The baby was weighing 2.6 kg -LRB- 5.7 lb -RRB- was found wrapped in a shirt but still attached to the umbilical
Scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee .  Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like the tiny insects .  The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project , which is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex .  One day it is hoped the remote
Lucy , 24 , is face of Very . co . uk 's # cantwaitforsummer campaign .  Shows off her toned midriff in cut-out swimwear .  Says her perfect summer is ` sun , tan and chilling '  Reality TV star recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD .  Trainer and nutritionist , Ashton Turner , works with the 23-year-old .  Says she got to a point in
Joyce Tabram , 82 , was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30 with a swollen abdomen .  She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her .  Health minister Kim Hames defended FSH doctors ` treatment of the frail elderly woman .  He said a planned medical test was delayed but her condition improved and she was still
Fairbank was injured in Halifax 's win over Hunslet on Easter Monday .  The 25-year-old suffered ligament damage and faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines .  Richard Thewlis said it was ` another bad blow ' for Fairbank .
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game of the season .  The Newcastle midfielder has suffered another injury setback .  Aarons was in contention to play for the Under 21s against Derby .  It is understood he has succumbed to injury once again .  Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night 's loss at Liverpool .
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based Deep Knowledge Ventures .  He is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ` supercenternarians '  He says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 .  The age has been quoted as the ` real absolute limit to human lifespan '  Jeanne Calment currently holds the record
The wily coyote was spotted in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea on Tuesday morning .  After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting , NYPD officers arrived at the scene .  The coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ` attempts to catch it .  It was captured more than
Luxury vessel by Motion Code : Blue allows you to explore 2,000 ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour .  Pilots will be encased in pressurised spaces with Perspex domes , which give a 360 degree underwater view of everything from shipwrecks to coral reefs .  The Migaloo by Motion code : Blue has a diving depth of 820 feet and a helipad , a
Former police inspector Neville Hackett said that his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago .  Hackett senior admitted that while the threat was never reported to police , it was taken very seriously by the swimmer 's family .  The 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to
The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices .  You can get a taste of the south with a Bar-B-Que or Classic Chicken sandwich for $ 2.05 .  Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months .  The Irishman was spotted with a rubber band wrapped around his knees .  Sergio Garcia finished with a 69 , a four-shot improvement on round
Ryan Giroux , 41 , has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder and 22 other charges .  He has convictions in three states for burglary , theft , armed aggravated assault and a marijuana violation .  He is reported to be a member of the Hammerskin Nation , a racist skinhead group connected to the Aryan Brotherhood .
Two 17-year-old boys were detained at their homes in Coventry today .  They were arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria to join terrorists .  Another man , 39 , has also been detained for fundraising for the purpose of terrorism .  West Midlands Police said the arrests were pre-planned and there was no immediate risk to the public .  The West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first Masters debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979 .  Willett finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster .  The 27-year-old Yorkshireman is preparing to emerge victorious in the first Major of 2015 .  Willett met Rory McIlroy at the Amateur Championship in 2007 .  The pair were on the same team in the
Lara Logan , 43 , was the victim of a ` sustained and brutal ' sexual assault as she reported from Cairo on the resignation of President Mubarak in 2011 .  She was surrounded by a mob of 200-300 men after being dragged away from her TV crew in Tahrir Square .  She was rescued by a group of women and up to 20 Egyptian soldiers .  Logan is said
Eden Hazard was substituted just 62 minutes into Belgium 's 1-0 win over Israel .  The 24-year-old playmaker has played 48 games for Chelsea this season .  Marc Wilmots said he felt Hazard looked tired after the game .  Hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest as he returns to Premier League action on Saturday .  Belgium captain Vincent Kompany was sent off within two minutes of Hazard 's
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford .  Wayne Rooney also scored for Manchester United .  Louis van Gaal believes Man City 's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot .  Manchester City face Crystal Palace on Monday evening .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Paris Saint-Germain take on Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final .  Edinson Cavani is known as El Matador , must torment the stars from Catalonia .  PSG have been stripped by suspension of two key players , Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti .  Thiago Motta is injured and David Luiz is also a major doubt .  PSG beat Chelsea 4-0 in the second round of the League Cup last weekend
Kabul-based woman , known only by the name Gulnaz , was only 16-years-old .  She fell pregnant with the child of her rapist Asadullah , who is also married to her cousin .  She was sentenced to two years in prison for ` adultery by force '  The only hope of a reduced sentence was to marry him in early 2013 .  Now she is pregnant with his third child
Neill Buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned to death on March 13 , last year .  Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye , both 36 , were ` obsessed ' with TV show Jackass .  The pair were made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals .  The South African moved in with Scott ` Gary ' Hunt , 42 , who was jailed for
Pete Bennett , 33 , won the TV show in 2006 and has now revealed he is now homeless .  The Brighton-based star said that he does n't have a roof over his head .  He said : ` The fame pushed me in a way that I did n't want to go '  Seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents in the last nine years .  He
Palaeontologists in China have discovered a dinosaur with bat-like wings .  The dinosaur , named Yi qi , meaning ` strange wing ' , may have been an early evolutionary experiment with flight .  It had bristle-like feathers and long finger-like bones that were covered in a membrane .  The dinosaur was 33cm -LRB- 12 inches -RRB- long and weighed just 13 ounces -LRB- 380g -RRB- .  It belonged to
BBC 's Political Editor Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night .  His voice was still recovering its strength after treatment for a rare lung tumour .  Mr Robinson tweeted : ` Good to be back on air . Do n't worry about the voice . It does n't hurt and I ' m not risking my recovery `
Injured trio Franck Ribery , Mehdi Benatia , David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as Bayern Munich attempted to overturn a 3-1 deficit against Porto .  The German giants raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-1 on aggregate .
Four men accused of killing 148 innocent people at Garissa University College .  Authorities drove naked , bloated bodies around town in pickup truck .  Survivor Cynthia Cheroitich , 19 , spent two days hiding in wardrobe and drinking body lotion .  She told police : ` How do I know that you are the Kenyan police ? '  Four other survivors from the massacre were found yesterday .  Pictures
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today-but none of its stores will have them in stock .  Instead , consumers willing to shell out between # 299 and # 13,500-for the gold edition-have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June .  Usually , Apple launches generate long queues outside stores .  But City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly
Malcolm Brabant , 59 , had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast .  He believed his Kindle could fly , that dead friends were contacting him and that he could stop traffic just by thinking about it .  He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions , unable to work-and even attempted suicide .  He believes the yellow fever vaccine-available in
Mohammad Liaqat racially abused teachers at Mount Carmel High School .  34-year-old objected to strict uniform policy which said pupils could not grow beards .  He then launched a ` racist tirade ' at white teachers in front of shocked parents .  He then moved on to another school , where he assaulted the headteacher .  He was found guilty of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated
The couple , who does not wish to be identified , hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos .  The couple was n't alerted of the photos until months after the wedding when the bride 's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party .  Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at
23-year-old Justin Whittington of Bakersfield , California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online .  The relationship between the two has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy 's father and said that he 's seen them in the store together before .
Travis Hatfield , 21 , from Gilbert , West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle , Jamie Joe Cline , who has Down syndrome .  The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far .  ` He 's one of the sweetest people I have ever met ,
Leia , an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier .  Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .  To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on Facebook , with many viewers deeming the scene ` cute ' and ` adorable
Andy Carroll will not be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .  The 26-year-old has been plagued with injuries since joining West Ham permanently in 2013 .  Carroll posted a photo on Instagram of him posing on an over-sized throne .  The caption said : ` King Of Thrones ! ! '
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals .  Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since 2013 .  Defending champion Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final .  The four teams have combined to win the European Cup or Champions League 21 times , with 16 runner-up finishes , in the competition 's 60-year history .  Napoli will play Dnipro
Prime Minister said the Tories would offer discounts of up to 70 % to 1.3 million families to buy their home .  National Housing Federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers # 5.8 billion .  It was effectively worth # 100,000 to each family who benefited .  Labour jumped on the remarks this morning , claiming the policy had ` unravelled '  Last year just 479 council homes were sold
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille and wants to join Liverpool .  The Ghana international is keen on a move to the Premier League .  Everton , Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest in the 25-year-old .  Wolfsburg , Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him .  Ayew was born in France but followed his father Abedi Pele by playing for Ghana .
Lauren York , 15 , ran away from her home in North Ridgeville , Ohio around 4am Sunday morning .  She was found Monday afternoon , a day after she was found safe and sound .
The Thames Bath Lido , which will sit near Blackfriars Bridge , should open in two years .  The plan is to incorporate two pools , a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool .  The baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around .  The two year plan will include a sophisticated filtration system that would turn the fuel drenched Thames into
Tom Richards , 25 , was arrested in Swansea yesterday morning .  He was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm .  It comes after Danniella Westbrook , 41 , accused her younger ex-fiancé of violence .  The pair were last seen together at an Essex pub last month .  Richards has vehemently denied the allegations and has not been charged .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring for the Reds in the 30th minute .  Christian Benteke levelled the scoreline for Aston Villa with four minutes to play .  Steven Gerrard equalised for Brendan Rodgers ` side with just four minutes remaining .  Brendan Rodgers admitted his side 's big-game mentality must improve .  He said : `
` Her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' Charles Wright , manager of the Maumee , Ohio , restaurant , told Bloomberg .  ` The other lady paid the bill , ' he said , referring to Abedin , the vice chairwoman of Clinton 's campaign .  ` We get a bunch of tips . If we '
Charlie Daniels scored the only goal of the game after 21 minutes to make it 4-2 .  Yann Kermorgant slotted home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 .  David Cotterill was sent off in the first half for a foul on Andrew Shinnie .  Clayton Donaldson doubled Bournemouth 's lead in the second half .  Birmingham 's David Donaldson added a second in the third
Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ` bipolar ' and ` manic depressive '  European regulators warned Germany 's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement .  Lufthansa said Lubitz told officials at an airline training school he had gone through a period of severe depression in the past , raising questions over whether medical checks of crew
The 37-year-old mother-of-three gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn nine weeks ago .  The supermodel wore a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy on the beach on February 9 .  Online commenters could n't help but note how fit Maggie looks only a few months after she and her husband Alex Mehran welcomed their first daughter into the world .  ` That body is
Dele Alli signed for MK Dons for # 5million in January .  Midfielder has yet to feature for Spurs having been loaned back to his boyhood club .  The 19-year-old has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for Karl Robinson 's side .  Alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio Pochettino .  The former Argentina international believes Tottenham are the ` perfect ' club for him .
Uncapped duo Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in the West Indies squad for the first Test against England .  The three-match series starts in Antigua on Monday .  Denesh Ramdin will continue to skipper the side .  Leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo has also been handed a recall .
Wigan Warriors defeated Warrington Warriors 30-20 in Super League derby .  Ben Flower returned from a six-month suspension last October .  The 27-year-old did not get among the scorers but impressed coach Shaun Wane .  Dom Manfredi provided the highlight with his second hat-trick of tries in five days .  Ryan Hampshire , Anthony Gelling and Liam Farrell also touched down .  Chris Bridge scored two tries for the visitors
The burnt material , which includes approximately just over four ounces -LRB- 118g -RRB- of cremated bone , was uncovered by Oxford Archaeology in Landford , Essex .  It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet -LRB- one metre -RRB- and then backfilled with soil .  Three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments and one from charcoal , have confirmed the remains are around
Hayley Adams , 29 , of Barnstaple , Devon , was seen sneaking into William Tanner 's bedroom .  CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn .  Ms Wrenn , 56 , had expressed concern that his money kept going missing .  But she was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative .  Adams admitted to taking about # 65 but escaped with a
Rangers boss Stuart McCall hopes injured winger Shane Ferguson could play a surprise role in the club 's play-off bid .  The Northern Ireland capped midfielder was sent north by the Magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the January transfer window .  Ferguson was carrying a long-term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical .  The 23-year-old has been out injured
Gary Barlow stopped by Danielle Jones ` wedding reception to sing ' A Million Love Songs `  Maid of honour , Kirsty Miles , tweeted her excitement after the wedding .  The singer had promised to go along to the reception after orchestrating the surprise .
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires .  The Cheltenham Gold Cup winner has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy 's entire career .  ` He judges pace so well . He leaves his runs later now and he adapted his style since he started riding for Jonjo O ' Neill , ` says Andrew Thornton .
Bayern Munich were crowned Bundesliga champions for the third year running .  Their nearest rivals Wolfsburg were beaten 1-0 at Borussia Monchengladbach .  Max Kruse 's last-minute winner secured the win for the Foals .  The result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time .  Pep Guardiola 's side are in the semi-finals of the German Cup and Champions League .  Paderborn threw away a two-goal
Premier League leaders Chelsea are poised to join the battle for Liverpool wideman Raheem Sterling .  Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old is ` going nowhere ' this summer .  Sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a # 100,000-a-week contract .  Chelsea want to be kept informed about the striker 's future as they join the hunt with Arsenal and Manchester City .
Mother of the Duchess of Cambridge emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm .  Recommended Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be .  Compmended the range for ` blue and pink ' and ` perfect if you do n't know what sex baby is '  The cheapest item in the range is a # 2.79 set of party cups .  It also includes straws for # 3.49 and cake bunting at
Mark Jones is accused of murdering 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones .  The 25-year-old died of a bleed to the brain after being babysat by her grandfather .  Jones , 45 , of Cwmbran , denies murder at Newport Crown Court .  His defence is he dropped the baby on two separate nights-first after accidentally slipping on a toy and then after suddenly fainting .  But his daughter claims he never
Four adults , three in Victoria and one in NSW , have contracted Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packs of Nanna 's Frozen Mixed Berries .  Health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the virus .  Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its frozen mixed berries and the outbreak .  The company said no evidence of E . coli was
Two TSA employees allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at Denver International Airport in 2014 .  The male employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger 's genitals .  The female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times .  Both employees were fired following the incident .
Officials determined that Kendall Schler crept onto the GO ! St . Louis Marathon 's course last weekend after the last checkpoint and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles either year .  Schler was spotted at the beginning of the race and the end of the .  race , and since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no .  proof she is the rightful
Ashley Mote , 79 , of Binsted , Hampshire , accused of a string of fraud-related offences .  He is accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception .  Prosecutors say he was ` using European Parliament money to fund his defence and various appeals ' in connection with being prosecuted for benefit fraud .  He is also said to have falsely claimed # 5,000 a
Jose Mourinho 's side are on the brink of a first Premier League title since 2010 .  Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA team of the year .  John Terry , Gary Cahill , Branislav Ivanovic , Ryan Bertrand , Nemanja Matic , Philippe Coutinho , Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane .  David de Gea is the only English attacking player , chosen up front .  Cesc
Flakka is made from the chemical alpha-PVP .  That 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone .  It is the same type of chemical used to make bath salts .  Once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis .  The high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again .  Users have nicknamed the
Rachael Bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's Lynnwood , Washington store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun .  Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer .  The father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the ` Illuminati '  Burnley Crown Court heard there were also 17,821 other indecent images .  Greaves pleaded guilty to two offences and was given a sexual harm prevention order .  He was also told to sign the sex offenders ` register for the next 10 years .
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20 .  Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises .
Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott .  He created an online alter ego to use in science fiction , gaming and fantasy forums .  Stanford used the name of a mythical Aztec serpent Quetzalcoalt in one forum .  He wrote scripts for his favourite TV series , the science fiction show Stargate .  His YouTube account included more than 65 videos of
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente , California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969 , six months into his presidency .  Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean .  The estate is made up of a ` grand pavilion ' measuring 9,000 square feet , and also boasts several satellite residences for
For decades , sheds have been a place that men build at the bottom of the garden .  Now female customers are looking for a home away from home .  They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors .  Some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs , complete with working jukebox
Will Stevens was introduced to St George 's Park by Michael Johnson Performance , the training company founded by the four-time Olympic champion .  The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential Formula One drive .  Stevens has access to an exercise bike , treadmill and rowing machine , located in the altitude chamber .  Stevens has
Toronto-born Crombie died on Wednesday night in New York .  He was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels .  He was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of The Wizard of Oz .  He was given the role of Gilbert-who was the school rival , boyfriend and
Mexican archaeologist Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan , Mexico , for six years .  He found ` large quantities ' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel that had been sealed off for more than 1,800 years .  The toxic element may have been used to symbolize an underworld river or lake .  Gomez said that he is unsure
British Transport Police Chief Constable Paul Crowther warned of thuggish behaviour on trains .  He said this type of ` casual thuggery ' is occurring on a weekly basis on our trains .  He said the impact on ordinary passengers was ` unacceptable '  He said : ` Is that the sort of society we really want ? I do n't think it is '  BTP has recorded 630 football-related
Sensors at Argentina 's Esperanza Base recorded a temperature of 17.5 °C -LRB- 63.5 °F -RRB- .  This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent .  Over a two day period last week temperatures reached 17.4 °C and 17.5 °C .  However , the heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be certified by the World Meteorological Organisation .  The
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby .  Franco Di Santo scored the winner in the 84th minute .  New Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia made a losing return to the bench .  VfL Wolfsburg will look to cut Bayern Munich 's lead back to 10 points when they take on Schalke later on Sunday .
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League 's top keepers .  Manchester United are considering a move for the Frenchman .  But Spurs are determined to keep their No 1 at White Hart Lane .  The north London club will put a # 35million price tag on the keeper .  Gianluigi Buffon is the world 's most expensive keeper after his # 32.6 m move from
Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin 's Bakery in Keene , New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign got underway .  ` A few of the staff did n't want to come out to meet Hillary , ' said a cashier at the bakery .  ` They just do n't like her , ' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening .  The
London Mayor said Ed Miliband was ` hostile ' to people who wanted to own their own home .  Also claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s .  Greens want a return to ` somewhere around the bronze age '  Mr Johnson was mobbed by fans at the launch in Mill Hill , North London .  He said Tories were party of ` kitchen ownership '
Joyce Rosemary Bruce impregnated herself with a turkey baster and Robert Preston Boardwine 's sperm in 2010 .  She believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights because they did n't have intercourse .  The pair fell out when Ms Bruce rejected his suggestion for a name for their son .  After the boy was born , the pair disagreed on the level of
U.S. . coffee giant is being probed by European Commission over tax practices .  Starbucks ran its European division through the Netherlands .  But it paid just # 1.9 million of tax , despite reporting profits of # 300million .  Dutch division paid # 1.9 m of tax -- a meagre tax rate of less than 1per cent .  It is now claimed it used a British company to hide
David Suchet , 68 , is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases .  His grandson Todd , who is about to celebrate his first birthday , has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex .  Those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart and suffer from epilepsy and learning or behavioural difficulties .  MPs raised
Serena Williams faces Carla Suarez Navarro in the final of the Miami Open .  The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year .  Williams has lost only five sets on tour this season , two at the Australian Open , one in Indian Wells , and two in Miami .  If she wins on Saturday she will have earned # 4.33 m
Ellie , 10 , and Taylor , five , lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year .  They decided to donate all their eggs to patients at Sheffield Children 's Hospital .  Strangers started to send eggs-and now there are more than 1,000 .  The girls came up with the idea after spending three Easters by Harvey 's side .  They said : ` I thought it was going to
Jordan Spieth tees off his third round at Augusta at 2 : 55 pm local time .  The 21-year-old American holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage .  Justin Rose and Paul Casey are in a tie for third with Dustin Johnson on seven under par .  Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out a lot earlier in the day at Augusta .  Sergio Garcia will be joined
The figure , which equates to # 183 an hour , was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust .  It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request .  It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year .  Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers ` money .  The figure includes
Kim Kardashian , 34 , was pictured dining with husband , rapper Kanye West , 37 , and Jerusalem 's mayor , Nir Barkat , on Monday .  Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page .  He wrote that he had joined them ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city '  However , the next day , only
Joel Edgerton 's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago .  Nicole Kidman , Naomi Watts and Geoffrey Rush have all made significant contributions to Australia through film and television .  Records from Ancestry . com reveal their ancestors have had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in World War One .  The records belonging to two of the Great Gatsby
Prime Minister 's eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy .  Mr Cameron admits the comparison is ` not great ' , with even his fashion getting the thumbs down .  The 11-year-old has used the putdown ` That is SO Phil Dnphy ' to highlight her father 's flaws .  Nancy has also called him a ` salesperson ' over his DIY skills .
QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road in the Premier League on Sunday .  Chelsea captain John Terry was banned for four games and fined # 220,000 .  Rio Ferdinand , who labelled Terry an idiot for the abuse aimed at his brother , wo n't be fit in time for a reunion with the Chelsea skipper .
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on season-long loan from Atletico Madrid .  Belgian international has attracted interest from Manchester City and Tottenham .  Ronald Koeman 's side have option to make deal permanent for # 6.8 million .
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he would n't make his attorney general enforce federal laws .  The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors , who last week said that while they believe in states ` rights to self-determination , they 'd lay the hammer down on
Michael Gridley , 26 , was jailed for a year after orchestrating scam to steal # 15,852 . 46 worth of goods .  Stock including alcohol , cigarettes , DVDs , computer games and consoles were taken .  The scam was uncovered during a period during which he was under suspicion .  But he managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford , Essex .  He was sentenced
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Ronny Deila 's men looked like a tired team by time-up at Hampden Park .  Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title .  Celtic travel to Dens Park to take on an always-dangerous Dundee .  Deila and the rest of his backroom team must find a way to
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Mario Balotelli has lost his desire for football .  The Italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season .  The 24-year-old has only scored once in the Premier League since joining Liverpool .
Virgil van Dijk 's last call-up to the Holland national team came last year .  The Celtic defender has never been capped by his country .  Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer , who made his debut for Belgium against Israel .  Guus Hiddink 's side have conceded more goals in five Euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion 's leaky roof .  Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation .  The replacement of the mansion 30-year-old roof , which is being done by Nicholson and Galloway , should cost an additional $
David and Sandra Greatrex , 53 and 52 , from Plymouth , were harassmed by David 's sister Anne .  Anne Duffy , a friend of the couple 's , sent Sandra threatening text messages telling her to stop seeing her brother .  In 2012 , Sandra 's mother lost her battle with cancer and a year later David ` t mother Celia moved in with Sandra and David .
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world 's most budget-busting cities .  In the warmer months , a stroll through Central Park is the ultimate no-cost activity for locals and visitors alike .  If you can resist the temptation of popping into over-priced shops and restaurants , a walk through Times Square wo n't cost you anything-as long as you can avoid
Philippe Coutinho described it as the ` ultimate honour ' to speak to Brazil icon Pele .  The 22-year-old said it was ` the greatest player of Brazil and probably the world '  Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  The Kop midfielder scored the only goal as Liverpool won 1-0 at Blackburn in their FA Cup third round .  He is on the six-man
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher , 86 , was found in her bedroom with a towel on her face .  Her hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over her face .  Police in KwaZulu-Natal are waiting for the results of forensic tests to confirm she was sexually assaulted .  A small sum of money-thought to be in euros-had been stolen from her room .
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of The Last Mile , the world 's only prison-based tech incubator .  Leal was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan .  Each prisoner must complete an application process explaining their history and ambitions , plus one ` essay question ' about their life .
Lord Janner has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes .  He was one of the most prominent Labour politicians and campaigners of his time .  For nearly 25 years , a shadow has hung over the peer in the same way as Cyril Smith .  Victims who have come forward following his death -- too many for the allegations not to be true -- that late
Canadian company Vox Populi began accepting registrations using ` . sucks ' on March 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants .  So far , purchased names include Youtube . sucks , Bing . sucks , Visa . sucks , Bankofamerica . sucks , Yahoo . sucks , Telusmobility . sucks and other major brand names .  ICANN sent a letter to the U.S.
Tomas Driukas , 25 , was arrested after paramedics were called to his home .  His five-month-old daughter was taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital .  Infant died later that day after suffering ` several injuries ' , police said .  The 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte , has been released on bail .  Detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday .
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after posting anti-Islamic messages on social media .  They were pictured with former federal MP Pauline Hanson at a Reclaim Australia rally in Brisbane earlier this month .  One guard , Harley Levanic , posted a picture to Facebook of a new neck tattoo bearing the word ` infidel ' and tagged a number of other guards asking ` Who is
If your name is Nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote Ukip , research shows .  Figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel , YouGov 's head of political research .  The idea was to look at whether a person 's first name had any bearing on how they voted .  The three names most likely to vote Tory
Dr Ellen Gallant was on Mount Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck .  The tremors sparked a huge avalanche that killed 18 people including four Americans .  The doctor and another doctor were desperately trying to save those injured .  One of the victims , a 25-year-old Sherpa , died from his injuries on the mountain .  She said : ` Now things have settled down , it 's
Cody Knecht , of St . Tammany Fire District in Louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards .  In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it .  During the video , the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings .  All six ducklings were reunited with their mother on Saturday .
Arsenal were in fine form at the start of the 2013 / 14 season .  The Gunners ended their trophy drought with a 4-1 win against Liverpool .  But the Gunners have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season .  Arsene Wenger 's side have played 31 games , won 19 , drawn six and lost six .
Former England ace Jason Robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide .  The 40-year-old was arrested for affray , assault and criminal damage during his early days at rugby league club Wigan .  Robinson scored for England in the 2003 World Cup final victory against Australia .  He credits former team-mate Va ` aiga Tuigamala with turning things around .
Michael Bloomberg , 73 , was elected to the top Big Apple job three times in a row .  He went on to serve 12 years as mayor , drawing praise for his businesslike management of city government .  In 2001 he ran as Republican candidate for mayor of New York City , and spent $ 73million of his own money getting elected .  But he has faced opposition from
Justin Rose will be in the final pair with Masters leader Jordan Spieth .  Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman will tee off at 19.40 -LRB- BST -RRB- .  Paul Casey and Ian Poulter are 11 and 12 shots back .  2013 champion Adam Scott is paired with Englishman Lee Westwood .  Last year 's winner Bubba Watson is in the next pair off with Austrian Bernd Wiesberger .  Rory McIlroy
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City , Tennessee , from kidney failure .  He founded Kirkland 's home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966 .  He donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center .  He expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states .  His son Chris said : ` He was a man who loved
Jack Johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion .  He beat Tommy Burns to win the title in 1908 .  Johnson 's skin was deemed the wrong colour and a great cry went up from white America to find a ` Great White Hope ' who could unseat the new champion .  It would take six years before Johnson was defeated on April 5,1915,100 years ago on Sunday
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Jose Mourinho 's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match .  Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game for the Blues .  The Blues extend their lead at the top of the Premier League to 10 points .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Roberto Mancini is keen on Liverpool duo Lucas Leiva and Alex Song .  Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure both look set to leave Manchester City in the summer .  Manchester City rejected several bids from Inter last summer .
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 to close in on the Bundesliga title .  Sebastian Rode opened the scoring from close range .  Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time .  Bayer Leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0 .  Borussia Dortmund eased past Paderborn 3-0 in first game since Juergen Klopp 's departure .  Last season 's Bundesliga runners-up Dortmund climbed to 36 points , in eighth ,
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull .  The 20-year-old 's victim Matthew Leeke , 38 , had been out with friends when the assault took place .  Witnesses described seeing three males behind Mr Leeke in Queen Street .  They said they heard one saying ` Walk away or else you are going to get hurt '
Mackenzi Miller , 21 , of Apopka , Florida , charged with DUI manslaughter .  She allegedly struck and killed Trinity Backmann , 13 , on February 28 .  Her BAC levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , while Florida 's legal driving limit is 0.08 .  Trinity and her mother , Janice Pedroza , 36 , were arguing over who would sit in the front seat of the car when
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter .  The tennis star said it was n't a dig at her ex-fiance Rory McIlroy .  The 24-year-old said : ` It 's time for some of you to move on from the past '
Justin Bieber will be part of Floyd Mayweather 's entourage for the mega-fight .  The pair have been friends for years and have been close friends .  The pop sensation is set to fight Manny Pacquiao on Saturday .
Almost half of all Britons believe Camilla should become Queen Consort .  35 per cent think she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana .  Only 7 per cent of people polled thought she should one day be Queen .  Almost two fifths -LRB- 39 per cent -RRB- think the Queen was happy with Camilla 's performance .  Prince Charles and Camilla are preparing to celebrate
Zodiac Galleys Europe unveiled new cabin design for cabin crew .  Lower deck area designed to feel spacious , private and with maximum personal comfort .  Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit -LRB- PSU -RRB- offering crew with individual comfort features such as in-flight entertainment and air conditioning .  The company has been creating Lower Deck Mobile Crew Rests for Airbus A330 / A340 since the `
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili , South Wales , voted the UK 's number one beach , third best in Europe , and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor .  Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles , surrounded by rolling Welsh hills in picture-perfect vista .  The beautiful piece of coastline is a favourite with
Almeria have named Sergi Barjuan as their new manager .  The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez , who was fired on Sunday .  The former Barcelona defender will coach their away match at Barcelona on Wednesday .  The club are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches .
Inside Abbey Road app takes users on an interactive , immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of the world 's most famous studios .  Sir Edward Elgar opened the studios on 12th November 1931 .  Since then , the studios have never been open to the public .  This is thanks to a collaboration with Google to showcase as much of the studio 's history to
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself dancing in front of the Arc de Triomphe on Instagram .  The Tottenham striker has one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham .  The Togo international has not scored in the league since October .
Ian Somerhalder , 36 , and Nikki Reed , 26 , tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains on Sunday .  Nikki wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone .  Ian carried his bride down a muddy slope to ensure her dress did n't get dirty .  He was seen carefully picking up the train of her dress to protect it
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales .  The luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean .  The property still holds a suburb record of $ 4.25 from 2007 , with the highest sale since then being $ 2.7 million .
Woman found floating in the water at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley , Leicestershire .  A 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on bail in relation to her death .  Police said post-mortem failed to establish cause of death and results would not be known ` for some time '  Club 's Rear Commodore , Steve Bilbie , said : ` We are very upset , but we
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday .  His predecessor , who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema , gained a following for his wit , sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana .  The newly-christened Galbraith filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent for the state 's highest office .
Prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne in Britain .  In 2009 UK sales of prosecco rose to # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million .  Five years on , that 's leapt to a massive 28 million -- with most of the increase coming since 2012 .  Proseco is made from grapes grown in the Veneto and Friuli regions of Italy .  While champagne
Jay Hart , 24 , was caught romping with mystery female fan at Clitheroe FC .  He was sacked after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media .  His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert , 25 , has slammed those responsible for the clip .  She said : ` Have a bit of decency for the people it 's affected '  Hart 's team had just suffered a
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  George Foreman v Muhammad Ali .  The Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment .  King had persuaded Ali and Foreman to sign $ 5million contracts which he could not afford but would talk President Mobuto into bank-rolling
Investigators concluded that 88-year-old author , who lives in a nursing home in Monroeville , Alabama , is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of Go Set a Watchman , a sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird .  Author , who is reportedly deaf and blind , had said for decades she wanted the novel to be her only published book .  Lee had long expressed
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of England cricket .  Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board 's managing director of cricket on Wednesday .  Instead ECB chief executive Tom Harrison is keen to have Downton 's replacement focus solely on performances , rather than administration duties .  Ashes 2005 winning skipper Vaughan is among the
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth , Dorset , will sell 173 lots of designer brands on April 28 .  They include the Issa dress as worn by Kate Middleton for her engagement photos .  The items , which are in immaculate condition , come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner .  Chanel , Louis Vuitton , Prada , Gucci , Mulberry , Ferragamo and Manolo
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 .  A judge ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter .  She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia .  Prosecutor 's Office in the southwestern state of Michoacan said it is looking
Avocados are a great source of healthy , mono-saturated fats .  They have been shown to lower bad cholesterol and reduce risk of heart attack and stroke .  Polyphenols in cranberries possess antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial properties .  Study suggests combining a moderate-fat diet with one avocado a day could actually lower your levels of bad cholsterol by more than a low-fat .  Dr Sally Norton says she 's
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears was disciplined last week .  He posed for the photo with Snoop Dogg at South by Southwest in Austin .  Spears , who is based out of the state 's Gilmer office , was told he has ` deficiencies indicating need for counseling '  Spears ` bosses at DPS saw the photo and then cited him .  The official reprimand read : `
Baltimore police commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out Freddie Gray 's resignation .  Gray , who is black , was arrested April 12 after making eye contact with officers and ran away .  He was held down , handcuffed and loaded into a police van .  While inside , he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him , police said .  Gray died on Sunday , April 19
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday .  It was Arsenal 's eighth win in a row and their best run since the Invincibles team in 2004 .  Arsene Wenger 's side face Chelsea in their next home game at the Emirates .  Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their winning streak and challenge for the title .  The Frenchman has found his own Claude Makelele
Loganair Saab 2000 G-LGNO began to plunge after it was struck by lightning .  But autopilot ignored pilot 's commands to climb and tried to crash plane .  Plane fell at 9,500 ft a minute and fell to 1,100 ft above the ocean .  Commander wrestled back control moments before it was about to crash .  42-year-old pilot put out a Mayday emergency signal before regaining control .
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108 .  The new owner , whose identity was not disclosed , will have 360 degree views over Melbourne 's CBD , a private grand foyer and glass elevator .  Australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi-level carpark and communal facilities for residents including a
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under , according to the Internet Watch Foundation .  Overall , experts removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014 , soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year .  That was a dramatic increase from the year before , when around two-thirds
The Bell 525 Relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $ 15million -LRB- # 10.12 m -RRB- for their own .  The state-of-the-art helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort .  Depending on the configuration of the interior , the 525 will hold 16 or 20 passengers along with the two flight crew .  The
Cesc Fabregas , Nemanja Matic and Oscar struggled against Stoke .  Jose Mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite the trio ` decline in form .  Oscar was substituted at half time but he was not struggling and will bounce back .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
In 2009 , Britain 's youngest workers received pay rises three times greater than older workers .  In the last three months of 2014,5 . 4 % of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs , compared to only 1.2 % of 50-64 .  Labour leader Ed Miliband said Tories ` believe in the old idea that as long as the rich and powerful are OK then everyone else will succeed '  Experts said
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The Money Man 's daughter has been spending time in his training camp .  Iyanna says she is amazed by her dad 's work ethic in the gym .
Ed Miliband will today pledge to ` restore Britain 's commitment ' to EU .  He will accuse David Cameron of ` taking Britain to the edge of European exit '  Today he will pledge to embrace the EU in a bid to secure reforms .  ` We will be rebuild our influence , and that starts with the EU , ' he will say .  Comments echo controversial intervention
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring is worth up to # 60million , her family claim .  She is the daughter of a WWII hero pilot , George Reicher Royde .  He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to Britain from a European raid when he was injured , saving the rest of the crew on board .  But he died in 2007 and she has
Latoya Tilson , 33 , allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park , Georgia .  One bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks , another hit her son , Pierre , in head .  Pierre , a freshman at DeKalb High School , was allegedly trying to protect his sister , 13 , from the other boy .  When first responders arrived at the scene , the
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out .  The 35-year-old window cleaner , from Bradford , was one of three Brits arrested .  He was jailed for eight years after admitting drug trafficking and importation .  Thomas Britteon , 28 , also received eight years for the same charges .  John Powell , 70 , was sentenced to 10 years for conspiracy
Malijah Grant , 1 , was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent , Washington .  Her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off .  Authorities have said they do n't believe the shooting was random
Viktoria Charkley 's reaction to The Lion King was captured on camera by her father .  The little girl is seated slumped up on the sofa gazing at the screen .  As the mournful music rolls in , she appears to brush away a tear .  Her father , Barles , posted the brief video to Facebook on Saturday .  It has so far garnered more than four million views
Jonny Howson opened the scoring for Norwich in the 57th minute .  Nathan Redmond doubled Norwich 's lead in the 90th minute .  Graham Dorrans sealed the tie with a late penalty in injury-time .  Norwich move up to fourth in the Championship with a 2-1 win .  Alex Neil 's side remain in the relegation zone .  Norwich have won just once in their last five games .  Norwich
Jourdan Dunn , 24 , and Naomi Campbell , 44 , face Burberry 's new eyewear range .  Pair first teamed up for the brand 's spring / summer 2015 campaign .  Pair wore colour-pop collared trench coats to Kate Moss ` Topshop launch .  Dunn said Campbell taught her how to look after herself in the world of fashion .  She told her to take her own snacks on
James May backtracked on comments that Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should ` kill themselves '  Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of the abuse .  In response , May said : ` Could you please do the world a much bigger favour by killing yourself '  The Great British Bake Off host was said to be the front-runner for the
New Zealand couple Hannah and Alex built a home on the bed of an old flatbed truck .  They could n't afford to buy a full-sized lot when they arrived in Nelson , New Zealand in 2009 .  After a year and a half , the couple started building a two-bedroom , wood and steel home .
Gov . Sam Brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ` Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act ' on Tuesday .  The law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ` dismmberment .  Critics describe the law as ` physician intimidation and criminalization '  Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri is also considering a lawsuit .  ` This is a
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman , 37 , is said to have been ` suffering from post-natal depression '  She allegedly stabbed her partner John Joseph Shannon , 31 , and two children .  Mr Shannon , from Liverpool , had been accused of killing his partner and the two children .  But police now believe she suffered a ` psychotic incident ' as a result of depression .
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later .  The bird 's skin had healed around the arrow and made the process more difficult .  A worker at the Anaheim Hills Car Wash befriended the goose several days ago by feeding it bread crumbs and was able to catch it and turn
Sudan the Northern White Rhino is the last remaining male of his species .  The last male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now lives under a 24-hour guard .  Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to # 47,000 a kilo .  The rhino 's horn is made from keratin , the same stuff as fingernails .  It 's
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Arsene Wenger has branded the ` circus ' surrounding the 47-year-old 's departure as ` ridiculous '  Wenger said it 's down to every club to make the right decision and to respect Dortmund `  Arsenal take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday .
The Liana 's Ransom was on its way to St Maarten in the Caribbean with nine crew members on its first voyage of the season .  The 85-foot-long ship lost power in rough seas off the coast of Maine early Monday morning .  Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester , Massachusetts , to try and tow the vessel to shore , but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season .  He has a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the Premier League .  Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish top scorer .  Papiss Cisse and Olivier Giroud are fourth and fifth respectively .  Frank Lampard has a marginally better ratio than his team-mate Sergio Aguero .
Clarkson , 54 , was fired in March after launching ` unprovoked ' attack on Oisin Tymon .  He has not publicly addressed his sacking , apart from saying ` everyone 's upset '  Today he gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who have supported him .  He said : ` It 's not as much , however , as I 'll miss being there '  Comes as
Arrests were made Sunday in Minnesota and California following a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths traveling to join ISIS in Iraq and Syria .  Three men who were arrested in the Twin Cities were already known to authorities , according to reports .  A Somali woman said one of her sons was arrested at her house in Minneapolis around noon and the other was arrested in San Diego
Nadine Crooks , 33 , from Smethwick , West Midlands , stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome after the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago .  She stopped taking the Pill and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last November .  She has been told she is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner , who
Kelly Parsons , 35 , from London has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive .  Mother-of-two , from Morden , south west London , suffered three miscarriages .  Kelly injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate ovaries .  In all , she has donated eggs three times , leading to three successful pregnancies .  In the space of 11 months
Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars .  The 32-year-old spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist .  She plans to frame the X-ray and keep the special molar and her mouth free of cavities in the future .
Peter Fox , 26 , believed to have fled to London after alleged double murder .  His mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in Bootle , Merseyside .  Sarah Fox , 27 , died of asphyxiation , while Bernadette , 57 , was repeatedly stabbed .  Police are now appealing for the public 's help to track down Mr Fox .  They say they want to
Jordan Spieth shot a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130 .  It is the lowest two-round score at Augusta , and equal to the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship , is n't boring .  This was his sixth round as a professional and his worst score is level par .  It was his worst ever score of 26 under par at the Hero World
Scientists at Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine .  The antibody was designed to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells .  As a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold decrease in the amount of HIV in sufferers ` blood .  Scientists believe their
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed .  The unusual appeal is likely the pair 's last legal avenue to save them from firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid .  The pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven other
Carlos Tevez is under contract at Juventus until the end of next season .  Tevez has always said he wants to finish his career at Boca Juniors .  The former Manchester United , Man City and West Ham striker is on course to win a second Serie A title with the Old Lady .  Italian paper Corriere della Sera insist that the club will not stand in Tevez 's way
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy -LRB- MBCT -RRB- , which teaches people to focus on the present moment , has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants .  Over two years , relapse rates were 44 % compared to 47 % in the medication group .  This suggests it offers an ` alternative treatment ' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs .  MBCT treatment typically lasts for eight weeks and mainly
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma .  Hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh .  After about a week doctors will decide if she needs more treatment .  Hill is taking a three-month break from her new clothing label , Louise Love .
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate , capricious , disloyal and impressionable .  The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday .  Brendan Rodgers called the interview ` a mistake ' and shook hands with Sterling 's prodigy .  Sterling has not signed a new contract at Anfield .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Deion Sanders Jr . called out his son when he wrote about needing ` hood doughnuts almost every morning ' on Twitter Thursday .  The talented wide receiver , who is a sophomore at Southern Methodist University , is said to be worth around $ 40million .  Sanders , who won Super Bowls with both the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers while also managing to play in the 1992
The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic last year .  The 911 call is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua Corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in June .  Bullock told police she was not armed and her son was not home at the time .  A police officer
Luke Shambrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park , northeast of Melbourne , since he was just one year old .  The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing on Friday .  His parents have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot .  Luke 's doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering
Roman Ehrhardt , a senior communications major at Mississippi State , used a George Foreman grill to sit in the front row of his class on Monday .  The college senior was secretly completing a project , in which he had to violate a societal norm .  The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted .  One student called him a ` future leader '
Ventus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory .  The mouse provides ` enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming ' according to the Taiwan-based firm that makes it .  Some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body 's flight or fight response
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his broadcasts .  Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives .  Mr Clegg rushed from a meeting with the Queen at Buckingham Palace to
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury in Bayern Munich 's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday .  The holding midfielder will miss Bayern 's German Cup quarter-final clash with Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday .  Bayern are already without Arjen Robben , David Alaba , Holger Badstuber and Franck Ribery .
Rupert Brooke 's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles .  His death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to Gallipoli cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice .  More than 100 letters exchanged between Brooke and an art student called Phyllis Gardner , together with her secret memoir of their relationship , written in 1918 .  Lorna C . Beckett , chair of
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey , both 19 , were close friends .  They took to social media to post images of themselves to celebrate getting all-clear .  One of Miss Williams 's bald head and another of Miss VMXy 's chest scar .  But two hours later they were reported for ` nudity ' by someone on Facebook .  Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir , Hard Choices .  In the new chapter , she said that while she had been nervous about giving birth , ` as a new grandmother ... there is nothing but joy '  In September , Chelsea started going into labor in New York City , so they headed to the
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday .  The Gunners ended a nine-year trophy drought with a 3-2 victory at Wembley .  Aaron Ramsey scored in extra time to end the trophy drought for the Gunners .  Thelick here for Arsenal transfer news .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Mohammed Suleman Khan , 43 , defrauded the taxman of # 450,000 .  His nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home .  Khan lived in a gated # 500,000 house and drove a BMW , but had no obvious job .  Police found plans for his own mansion in Pakistan , complete with library , cinema and servant quarters .  Khan , known in criminal circles as
Judy Murray does n't play tennis to stay in shape , ` because my life is saturated with it '  Instead , she tries anything from dancing , to Pilates , to walking in the hills or gardening .
Known as trusted voice , it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say ` OK , Google '  Popup when you enable ` Trusted Voice ' warns that the feature is not as secure as a traditional lock screen and that ` someone with a similar voice could unlock your device '  Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone-and it involves using your
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie .  The 61-year-old actor is famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp , Any Given Sunday and The Day After Tomorrow .
Entomophagy -LRB- eating insects -RRB- could have a positive impact on the environment and world hunger if crunchy exoskeletons could replace typical meat .  In the 1950s the children had to wait patiently for their father to finish his dinner .  In the 1970s , working women were learning to balance their careers with cooking for the family .  In the 1980s , goat cheese , mange tout and kiwi
The Duchess of Cambridge 's second child is due ` mid to late April '  Royal sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed as such .  April 25 is widely thought to be the Duchess 's due date .  But the Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed .  Prince William has finished his Air Ambulance training earlier than expected .  He will
Robert F Kennedy Jr sparked controversy Tuesday when he compared childhood vaccinations to a holocaust .  At a screening of the documentary Trace Amounts , the nephew of President John F Kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in California which would make childhood immunizations mandatory .  The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal-a chemical found in several childhood vaccines-and a rise in autism among American children
US researchers say very few of these-often very expensive-weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims .  Results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them .  But a handful-including Weight Watchers , the Atkins diet , Jenny Craig and NutriSystem-do appear to be effective , according to long-term studies .  Some were free while those that required
Get Rid of Sids Project had its charity status revoked by the Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission on Wednesday .  The organisation organised seminars featuring anti-vaccination campaigner Sherri Tenpenny before she had to cancel due to threats of violence .  The organisation is run by prominent Brisbane campaigner Stephanie Messenger .  She is the author of children 's books including Melanie 's Marvelous Measles .  The decision was effective from
Student Caitlin McNeill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress on Twitter .  It sparked an internet debate so furious even A-listers could n't resist getting involved .  Many viewers said she and Ed Miliband were co-ordinating their look .  Others took to Twitter to insist that the dress he saw was grey .  One said : ` Let 's focus on the most important
Belle Gibson has admitted she faked multiple cancer diagnoses .  The wellness blogger 's confession was published in a magazine interview .  In a series of interviews , Gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness .  She said she feared for her family 's safety .  In 2013 , she announced she had cured a malignant brain tumour .  Her Instagram fan base ballooned after she ` revealed ' she
Robbie Fowler is already one of the best Premier League strikers of all time .  Only five players have scored more than his 162 goals .  Peter Schmeichel , Fernando Hierro , Paolo Maldini and Fabio Cannavaro all feature in his all-star team .  Frank de Boer , Luis Suarez and Luis Enrique also feature .  The former Liverpool , Leeds and Manchester City striker has won 26 caps with
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford .  Marouane Fellaini opened the scoring for the Red Devils .  Chris Smalling added a fourth with a close-range header .  Sergio Aguero made it a double late on .  City looked like a team waiting for the season to end .  Manchester United are now third in the Premier League .  Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
Dong Hui , 22 , was diagnosed with bone cancer last month .  She still wanted to have wedding photographs taken for her birthday .  Guo Kai , who is now a firefighter , has been at her bedside every day .  He has set 24 alarms on his phone to make sure he does n't forget .  The couple had planned to get married this month in Sichuan ,
Four koalas are being gifted to Singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence .  The animals were photographed chomping on leaves and refreshments .  The animals will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure .  Julie Bishop announced the gift on Thursday .  The koala loan aims to symbolise the relationship between Australia and Singapore .
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear .  She says she likes the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards .  She also likes the mad ones with three types of suspension .  She says : ` My jeans are too tight and my hairstyle is an exercise in
Steven Sloan , joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on boat .  The encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island , Washington .  One of the group can be heard saying : ` They ' re probably coming to check us out `
Milton Vieira Severiano , 32 , dragged the limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena into the garden .  He then viciously punched her in the face five times at pointblank range .  After shooting his wife he stole a neighbour 's car but was picked up by police .  Police found four handguns , a shotgun and a bullet proof vest in his getaway car .
Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and sat out the rest of the debate .  Abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign .  In a poll conducted after
Three young people got out of their red ute to threaten another driver .  One was armed with a dagger and stabbed the car 's bonnet .  The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $ 2000 fine .
Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby , 24 , has lost two and a half stone in the past year .  But she has come under fire for a new picture in which she appears to be very slim .  One Twitter user said she thought she was ` far to skinny -LSB- sic -RSB- .  Another said : ` I can guarantee you she starves herself to look like this
Jessica Cleland , 19 , committed suicide on Easter Saturday last year .  She was 19 when she was bullied by two teenage boys she considered friends .  Her parents are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously .  Jessica 's death highlighted the impact that social media could have on the lives on young people , and that both Facebook and text messaging was ` problematic '
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving .  The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene .  Playing the drunk driver in a tuxedo was Illini Bluffs High School senior Sam Giftos who stumbled
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic .  The Bosnia international 's contract at the Britannia Stadium has just over 12 months to run .  The 27-year-old 's deputy Jack Butland recently extended his contract until 2019 .  Mark Hughes also agreed new terms on an extension .
The elderly woman , 84 , is thought to have been helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her .  She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs , as well as broken bones .  She was taken to hospital and placed in a medically-induced coma .  Police want to speak to her once she is out of the coma .  The driver , also 84 ,
The fire broke out near the border of cities Norco and Corona , 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles .  The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin , where vegetation has not burned in decades .  The area that is burning has up to 3 feet of ` duff ' - needles , leaves and other combustible plant debris .
Customers were unwittingly eating pastries made from meat of stray dogs .  Canines were used for fillings of ` pastels ' , a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry .  Canines appeared to have been killed with blows to the head , police said .  Owner Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat .
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose .
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal : $ 100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons .  Grand picked the latter , and was provided a laptop , wireless hot spot , coding books , a solar charger and office space at the start-up where he worked once it got too cold to type outside .  But he is still homeless
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup fifth round on Wednesday night .  Brendan Rodgers ` side have not won a trophy in their last four games .  The Reds have lost to Manchester United , Arsenal and Chelsea .  The FA Cup represents Liverpool 's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season .  ` I do n't want to go down the route of saying that it saves
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox on Sunday night .  Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored the goals in the first half .  Genero Zeefuik pulled back a late consolation for Robbie Neilson 's men .
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , Queen of Heart themed bunk beds , or the snug Looking Glass Cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story .  Jacqueline Martin , 37 , designed the house in less than a year , sourcing the materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest .  From themed flamingo wallpaper and feather light fittings
Ricky Gervais posted picture of Extreme Huntress winner Rebecca Francis on Twitter .  ` What must ' ve happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling ? ` he tweeted .  The grandmother-of-nine , a mother of eight in her mid-40s , is passionate about hunting .  She has travelled all over the world to hunt
Jerry Grayson , 59 , set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew .  He was involved in rescuing sailors during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979 .  He found that one of the choppers had been converted into a ` glamping ' unit .  The Wessex Mark 1 is a popular style of camping for posh campers .  Mr Grayson , who lives in Melbourne
Revellers tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire .  Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames in the remote village in Jharkhand state .  Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle 's Under-21s on Tuesday .  It was his second appearance since recovering from surgery to repair a collapsed lung .  The 26-year-old is in contention for a place on the bench at St James ` Park on Saturday if head coach John Carver requires him .  De Jong was a # 6m summer signing from Ajax but has struggled with injuries .
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old baby were killed when a concrete slab fell on their pickup truck in Bonney Lake , Washington on Monday .  The married couple and their baby were driving under the state 's Route 410 overpass in Washington State .  Authorities thought that only one person had been killed by the impact , but discovered to their horror that an entire family had been
Hugh G . Rection made a generous donation of $ 32.38 .  Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder .  The Royal Children 's Hospital 's Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $ 17.1 million .  The massive effort foreshadowed the $ 16.8 million donated at last year 's event .
Puppy Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato , which means mixed breed or street dog .  Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal .
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg .  It was there he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough .  Bader 's life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky in 1956 starring Kenneth
Cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes .  Fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them .  When play begins on Thursday , fans
Luxury concierge service Bluefish is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean .  Guests will stay aboard the Akademik Keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the ship up close .  Divers can dive in a MIR I or II submersible which is capable of reaching ocean depths of 20,000 ft -LRB- 98 per cent of the ocean floor
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez 's Extra programme on Wednesday .  The Filipino superstar and Lopez know each other from training in the same gym .  The pair are friends from their time training at the Wild Card Boxing gym in Los Angeles .
Darren Goddard , 48 , left 18-month-old son Lewis in 1989 after car accident .  Six years earlier , he met Lewis ` mother Aggi , who he married two years later .  Three years ago , Mr Goddard 's daughter Cally , 15 , created a Facebook page for him .  He was about to delete it when Lewis ` appeal turned up on his newsfeed .  Mr Goddard
The heartfelt letter was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon on Twitter .  He was shown the A4 by a colleague in the industry .  The woman known only as ` Bethanie ' thanks the pilot and the airline .  She says she feels the need to ` reach out ' and ` extend a compassionate hand '  A screenshot of the letter has amassed more than 2,000 shares on
Brendan Rodgers ` future at Liverpool has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy .  Jamie Carragher has received a Beacon Award for his community work .  The 37-year-old has provided coaching in eight schools in deprived areas of Merseyside .  Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand .
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it .  The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like .  The testing kit , on sale online , uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies , giving a result in just 15 minutes .
More than 60 per cent of US adults admit to being ashamed of their home .  More than half admit it is their friends whom they try to avoid inviting over .  38 per cent are more concerned about having strangers visit their humble abodes .  Top on the list of cringe-worthy rooms is the living room , followed by the kitchen , bedrooms and bathrooms .  36 per cent
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon argue that Trout Run , a 40-acre plot of land near Camp David , has historic significance because President Hoover once caught a fish at the site .  Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous .  A Scientology-back real estate company bought the property for $ 4.85
Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms .  The contraceptive is made with hydrogel , a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue .  The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication , topical drug delivery , and even electric conductivity .  The team behind the design , led by materials scientist Robert Gorkin , won a grant
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter 's Square .  He asked for ` tangible help ' to Christians persecuted because of their faith .  But stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken .  He said : ` I truly hope that the international community does n't look the other way '  The 78-year-old has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians being
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford .  Goals from Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini , Mata and Chris Smalling .  Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Red Devils .  United had lost their last four meetings with City .
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells have been accused of being too lax .  Councillors shadowed wardens three times in two Welsh towns .  In one case , a driver had already overrun their allotted time by 15 minutes .  Officials also did not penalise tradesmen for parking in restricted areas .  Even when tickets were issued , 39 per cent were cancelled .
FC United of Manchester 's new 5,000-capacity Broadhurst Park is nearing completion .  The stadium is set to host Benfica for the official opening on May 29 .  The ground is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford .  But is it two fingers up at the debt-burdening Americans still in charge seven miles across the city ?
Manchester derby will be more like El Clasico with 14 native Spanish-speaking players .  Eight of United 's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain .  Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides ` respective 18-man squads .
George Osborne warns of a ` dangerous cocktail ' if SNP is left calling shots .  Every family in the UK will be left # 350 worse off if the party is left .  Osborne claims it would spark a ` constitutional crisis ' if Scottish nationalists held power .  SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon unveils # 140billion ` ransom note ' for Britain to drag Labour to the left .
Police officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night .  They pulled over a driver , who they suspected was speeding .  Then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark .  At the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open .  The pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare .  The near-miss came
New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of rape who is pushing for a ` yes means yes ' law to become mandatory on college campuses across the country .  The law defines consent as ` affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner .  The law , which was first passed in California in 2014
Michael Easy , 29 , went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party .  He posted photos of himself in platinum wig and Dame Edna Everage-style glasses .  Image showed him pressing his finger to his lips-taunting police as they failed to track him down .  Officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months in December last year .  But he was
Former Secretary of State , played by Kate McKinnon , is set to announce her presidential campaign .  She is expected to announce she will announce her intentions on Sunday .  Comedians mock the 67-year-old 's decision to tell the world via social media .  They record a cellphone video of the Democrat for her campaign launch .  They insist her second run at the White House will be about
Erica Ann Ginneti , 35 , a married mother of three from Philadelphia , pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .  During her sentencing , Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D . Page reportedly asked ` What young man would not jump on that candy ? '  The former math and calculus teacher had been facing seven to 14 years
Hull City are fourth-bottom of the Premier League with one of the toughest run-ins facing them .  Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries slashed if they do n't beat the drop .  The Tigers have the third-lowest total wage bill in the league , # 43.3 million in 2013 / 14 according to figures filed in Companies House .  Bruce said : ` Most players take
Sandra Mathis , 52 , surrendered to police just after 4.45 pm Sunday in the 1800 block of Commercial Street in San Diego .  Mathis ` 48-year-old husband was found bleeding from a wound in his neck under a bridge in the Barrio Logan section of San Diego .  Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems .
Schwarzenegger wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post on Friday .  He said he was ` incredibly concerned ' about the threat of similar laws being passed in other states .  He said the new laws are ` distracting and divisive ' for the GOP .  ` If we want our party to grow and last , we must be focused on real solutions , ' he said .  `
Celtic beat Partick Thistle 2-0 at Parkhead in the Scottish Premiership .  Thistle midfielder James Craigen was shown a straight red card for a ` last man ' foul on Hoops midfielder Stuart Armstrong .  Kris Commons converted a penalty a minute before the break to give his side the lead .  Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic 's advantage in the 63rd minute .  Ronny Deila 's side have a game
Haben , 19 , told MailOnline : ` We are Christians but we had to deny our faith '  He and his brother Samuel , 14 , arrived in Sicily a week ago , days before 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from Libya .  Haben said : ` If you are Christian they take you away and kill you . They cut off
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in their Champions League quarter-final .  Bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes .  Franz Beckenbauer accused defender Dante of playing as if he were wearing ` ski boots '  Der Kaiser was speaking in New York as part of the club 's media agreement with MSN .  The 69-year-old said : ` I thought they took sleeping pills ! Porto were much
Faiz Ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping .  He allegedly dumped his three-year-old daughter , Aliya , in a trash can .  The child was found by a passer-by in Prospect Heights , Illinois , around 6 : 30 pm Tuesday .  The girl is believed to be named Aliya .  He was arrested in Mary 2014 in Portage , Wisconsin , for
Lawrencium currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides .  It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time .  This has made the element , which can only be generated in particle accelerators , extremely difficult to study .  It has been discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist
Juan Arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus Zavela .  The 34-year-old was not booked but could face a retrospective ban .  Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league .  Arango earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his team level .  He spent 10 years playing in Europe , spending five seasons each at Real Mallorca and Borussia Monchengladbach .
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid .  The 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at Old Trafford .  United will field offers of around # 10million from West Ham , Southampton and Lazio .
Lib Dem leader has been accused of blaming ` everyone but himself ' for party 's poor poll ratings .  In an interview with the Economist he listed a range of reasons .  He blamed protest voters who deserted the party but left after it entered coalition .  He said going in with the Tories meant it was ` inevitable ' that support would fall in ` anti-conservative ' parts
Manchester City have been linked with Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell .  City have slumped to fourth in the Premier League .  They must have eight homegrown players if you fill your squad of 25 .  Homegrown players can be born overseas as long as they have been at a club 's academy three years before the age of 21 .  Liverpool bought Jordan Henderson , Daniel Sturridge and Raheem
Adrien Broner invited Floyd Mayweather to a feast at his mansion .  The boxer paid up to $ 1,000 per plate for the food cooked by Quiana Jeffries .  The 38-year-old boxer is preparing for the mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao .  Broner took to Instagram to show off the food on show .  Jeffries , also known as the ` # KitchenBeast ' , also cooks to TV legend Oprah
The unnamed 13-year-old from Medina , Ohio , gave out $ 100 notes .  He then went to a friend 's house after school and showered classmates with cash .  The group of friends then went on a shopping spree , police said .
Peter Moores and Alastair Cook fended off repeated enquiries about Kevin Pietersen 's future more than a year after he had seemingly been banished from international cricket for good .  Graves has forged an excellent reputation in English cricket as chairman of Yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club .  He has created a soap opera that will run and run now Pietersen has rejoined Surrey and
David Luiz limped off in Paris Saint-Germain 's 1-0 win over Marseille .  The Brazilian defender was substituted after a hamstring injury .  The 27-year-old will miss the Champions League clash with Barcelona .  Laurent Blanc 's side are one point ahead of Lyon in Ligue One .  CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news .
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for a pre-season assessment .  But the 19-year-old defender will not be in time for the first Champions League qualifier in July .  Celtic boss Ronny Deila admits the defender will be missing .
Eight-strong team painted more than 30 phonebooths in five hours .  They wanted to raise a smile with stressed-out Beijing residents .  The lovable character Baymax appears in the Disney movie Big Hero 6 .  The film is the highest grossing Disney film in China , taking in more than $ 51 million .
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National ahead of The Masters 2015 .  The 19-year-old has not played since announcing a break from golf in January .  Woods will be playing in the first day of practice at 4.20 pm on Thursday .  Rory McIlroy practised at the other end of the day with Bradley Neil .  The Northern Irishman was given a warm welcome by the crowd at
Luis Suarez opened the scoring for Barcelona after 18 minutes .  Neymar doubled Barcelona 's lead in the second half with a neat finish to the top corner .  Lionel Messi made it 2-1 in the third minute with a fine finish from the penalty area .  Luis Enrique 's side have now won three of their last four matches .  PSG keeper Salvatore Sirigu was sent off in the
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career .  60 % say they find most meetings ` pretty pointless '  One in five workers admit to messing something up due to zoning out in a meeting .  More than a quarter said they had made more than ten massive mistakes .  One in ten was so relaxed they either dribbled or snored during a work meeting .
ABBA star Bjorn Ulvaeus has unveiled a restaurant inspired by Mamma Mia .  The restaurant is set to open a block away from the ABBA museum in Stockholm .  It will be part restaurant , part stage show and role play , focusing on audience interaction .  Restaurant will be a Greek taverna owned by a man in his 50s and his younger Swedish wife .  Show has grossed more
Sofia Vergara 's lawyer Fred Silberberg said Friday that the 42-year-old actress has no intention of destroying the embryos she created with Nick Loeb .  Loeb , 39 , filed a lawsuit asking a judge to order her not to destroy them .  The pair fertilized the female embsryos using Vergar 's eggs and Loeb 's sperm .  The pair ended their relationship in November 2013 .  Loeb wants to
Michael O ` Leary made the vow in an interview with Le Journal du Dimanche .  He said Ryanair 's average fare could be as low as $ 40 -LRB- approximately # 26 -RRB- next year .  It would be a $ 6 -LRB- # 4 -RRB- decrease from the current average ticket price .  He said he ` despises the ' French political class ` , but loves the
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday .  The batsman was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after being forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test .  He has battled back to be on the brink of making his 50th test appearance .
Two-year-old Oratilwe Hlongwane , whose DJ name is AJ , has a dedicated following of thousands of fans thanks to his ability to work the decks .  The toddler , who still wears nappies , is already learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop .  His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain .  Patrick de Koster has confirmed he held talks with Manchester City earlier this season .  De Koster admits he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the Belgium international .  Wolfsburg midfielder is expected to cost around # 40million .
Zaur Dadaev is accused of assassinating Russian opposition leader Boris Nemstov .  The opposition leader was shot in the back on a bridge near the Kremlin in February .  Investigators say he was beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder .
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours .  McLaren driver said he was ` chuffed to bits ' with his performance .  Button was running on behalf of Cancer Research .
Just 32 per cent of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs .  Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves , report says .  More than 70 % of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of food poisoning .  32 % of young people believe washing raw chicken before cooking is good way to avoid poisoning .
Mary Kay Letourneau , 53 , and her student-turned-lover , Vili Fualaau , 31 , will speak out in a tell-all interview with Barbara Walters on ` 20 / 20 ' on Friday .  The pair first met when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 .  She fell pregnant with their first daughter , Audrey , while waiting for the
A woman known only by her email address as MissieSmile21 has taped posters to the city 's light posts to find the ` tall , charming gentleman ' who offered her his umbrella .  The ` Love Call ' notices are posted at traffic lights on George Street near Australia Square in Sydney 's CBD .  They are appealing to the man with ` the most beautiful smile ' who
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon .  The 37-year-old daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect .
Our fascination with aeroplanes has acquired a morbid flavour since Germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the French Alps by its troubled co-pilot Andreas Lubitz .  Tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest .  Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways .  He wants us
The Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ` high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses .  The organisation has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels .  It is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling .  Those to be avoided are labelled red , green or ` low risk '  Others are ` under consideration ' depending on their ties to corruption .
Thief sat down in a pew next to the 86-year-old for the Good Friday service .  As well as taking one bag , he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women 's bags .  Police have described the incident as ` appalling ' and have released an e-fit image .  They are appealing to anyone who recognises the man to come forward .
Nico Rosberg finished second to Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton .  The German driver blamed the Brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel closed on him .  It was all the more remarkable given that he was for so much of last season the ultimate expression of focus , coolness , intelligence and calculation .  That changed in the aftermath of Spa last
Image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar ` breeding ground ' called Gum 29,20,000 light-years from Earth .  In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars .  Hubble was launched on 24 April 1990 aboard Space Shuttle Discovery .  It is 43ft -LRB- 12.3 metres -RRB- long
Toulon fly half Matt Giteau is eligible to play for the Wallabies again .  The 32-year-old has not played for Australia since he was left out of the 2011 World Cup .  Australia had a policy of not picking anyone who plays abroad .  But Gitesau 's superb form for Toulon led to a clamour for him to be recalled .  With immediate effect , Australia will pick ` elite
Rafael Nadal beat compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 at the Barcelona Open .  The world No 4 is looking for a ninth career title on the clay court .  Nadal will play 13th seed Fabio Fognini or Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev on Thursday .
Craig Lister , 54 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 .  He is now well and his tumours have shrunk and he is on hormone therapy .  It starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body .  In England alone , 13,000 men receive the treatment every year .  Jabs typically contain drugs called luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone -LRB- LHRH -RRB- blockers .  These act on
The 33-year-old is known for dressing up as Wonder Woman in her spare time .  She has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year 's Oz Comic-Con .  Ms Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book , TV show or movie characters .  Ms Johnston said she receives regular online proposals for her
New study by Consumer Reports found 60 per cent of prawns tested had traces of harmful bacteria , including E . coli , which can cause food poisoning .  In 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics , and seven samples tested positive for MRSA-an infection that is resistant to a number of antibiotics .  Other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio-a major cause of food poisoning .  Vibrio is the
Sophie Thomas wore the shirt for class photo day at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia , Ohio .  When the students got their class photos this week , she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop .  School principal said the word was removed to ` prevent any unintended controversies '
Robert Bates , 73 , appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris .  Harris , 44 , was killed during a botched gun-sale sting on April 2 .  The retired insurance executive , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond .  Harris
Stewart Brand is president of the Long Now Foundation and editor of the Whole Earth catalogue .  He believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful .  Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction .  Conservationists have been warned that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on Earth in an event to rival the extinction
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator Christine Milne .  Mr Clarke defended The Australian newspaper as the ` finest national newspaper operating in Australia '  Ms Milne said : ` You and I wo n't agree on that '  Mr Clarke also rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $ 4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch 's Australian operations to
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water .  They say it works because the water rehydrates the bread 's crumb .  For a small loaf you need to allow 6-7 minutes and 12 to 13 minutes .  Nutritionist Luvisa Nillson says that you should be careful to check that your bread is not mouldy .
Lexi Thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest .  She appeared in the Women 's U.S. . Open when she was just 12 .  At the time she was the youngest player ever to appear in the major tournament .  Thompson celebrated the shoot by tweeting : ` I landed on the May cover of @ GolfDigest ! So pumped to
Premier League clubs looking for players will find a team 's worth .  Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season .  Iker Casillas may be more tempted if Real Madrid sign David de Gea .  Fabio Coentrao has played less than 40 percent of possible minutes at Real Madrid .  Munir El Haddadi could be loaned out with attacking opportunities
Manchester City beat Manchester United 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Wayne Rooney said his team 's game plan was to target City 's work-shy midfield .  The Manchester United captain said City players were not the best at tracking back , defending and tracking runners . We felt we could make them pay for that and we did , ` he said .  United are considering letting Yaya
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming .  The former England international answered bail at Peterlee police station in County Durham on Thursday .  He will now appear in Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 .  Johnson was initially arrested on Monday , 2nd March and was charged after he answered his police bail today .  Johnson was
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the WanderBat Smart Rating .  Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern .  British Airways ranked in eighth place as the only UK airline to make the list .  America fared even worse , with one airline making it into 17th place .
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time as Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1 .  David Villa equalized for the Red Bulls in the 55th minute .  New York 's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw at high-flying DC United .  Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in San Jose 's win over Vancouver .  Pedro Morales and Adam Jahn both received red cards
Chelsea travel to Loftus Road on Sunday to play their 700th game under Roman Abramovich 's ownership .  The Blues have won three Premier Leagues , four FA Cups , three League Cups , one Europa League and one Champions League since the Russian bought the club in 2003 .  Jose Mourinho has been in charge for almost five of the Russian 's 12 seasons at Stamford Bridge .
Builders have been pictured hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway in Pingjiang County , south eastern China .  With no ropes or safety harnesses , these men spend their days building the structure .  The men are perched on nothing more than rusty metal scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the rocks to extend the walkway .  Chinese officials hope that the
Bill Gates says the world 's demand for meat can be met with ` moderation and innovation '  He says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian .  Instead he says it will be possible to provide enough meat as demand increases .  Researchers in Israel are working on the first lab-grown chicken .  Professor Amit Gefen , a bioengineer at Tel Aviv University ,
The Dutch royals celebrated King Willem-Alexander 's 48th birthday today in Dordrecht , a city in the south-west of the country .  The couple 's three daughters , Catharina-Amalia , Princess of Orange , 11 , Princess Alexia , nine , and Princess Ariane , eight , were also aboard the royal barge , the Dordtevaar .  They were joined by Prince Constantijn , 45 , and his wife Laurentien
Daniel Sturridge believes Raheem Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly .  The 20-year-old is stalling on a new # 100,000-a-week contract .  Sterling insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess his options .  The attacking midfielder has been linked with a number of Europe 's top clubs .  He was one of four players at the launch of next season 's New
Researchers at Heriot-Watt University and University College London have developed a computer that can produce forecasts as if they were written by a human .  Using Met Office data , the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating weather reports .  The project is called Domain-Independent Language Generation -LRB- DILiGENt -RRB- .  It uses a process known as ` natural language generation ' -LRB- NLG -RRB- .  NLG is
Jose Mourinho could be planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke .  Chelsea boss could offer Filipe Luis in a part-exchange deal this summer .  Luis has struggled to make an impact at Stamford Bridge this season .  Koke 's release clause is around # 50million which Chelsea could be willing to shell out .
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the 2-1 win over Stoke City on April 4 .  The striker was expected to be out for a month but has recovered .  Jose Mourinho also said that Loic Remy has recovered from a calf injury .  Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Manchester City currently have a four-point lead over Liverpool in the race for the final Champions League place .  City have nine points fewer than at this stage last season .  They have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015 .  City have gone from being champions to contenders to weak also-rans .  They have amassed two wins , three defeats and three draws
Scottish First Minister said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7 .  Mr Miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the SNP .  But Ms Sturgeon 's remarks raise prospect of Labour ruling as minority government-despite winning fewer votes and seats than the Tories .  Comments came as Labour slipped four points behind Tories
Manchester United face Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal 's side have won six of their last seven Premier League games .  Wayne Rooney , Ashley Young , Radamel Falcao , Daley Blind , Michael Carrick and Marcos Rojo all ruled out .  Juan Mata returns to Old Trafford for the first time on Saturday .  The 29-year-old may have to revert to a midfield
Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in Castleford 's 25-4 win over Hull KR .  The Australian winger did not suffer a break as first feared .  James Clare is expected to take Carney 's place against Widnes on Sunday .
Michael Clarke believes Kevin Pietersen could play in this summer 's Ashes Test series .  The 34-year-old has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney .  Pietersen has signed for Surrey in the Big Bash League .
INXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their Queenscliff home .  Wendy Goyer argued her ` small but charming view ' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley 's addition was built .  The couple argued Ms Goyer 's views are ` at best only a glimpse ' from her
England lost 2-1 to France in their final qualifier in Saint-Lo .  Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the Young Lions in command .  Fulham 's Patrick Roberts was on target but it was n't enough to rescue Sean O ` Driscoll 's team .  France 's Izzy Brown came close to equalising shortly before half-time but sent Demarai Gray 's cross over the bar inside the six-yard box .
The island of Kefalonia has been invaded by invaders for more than 2,000 years .  The Ottoman Empire , the Venetian Republic , the French , British and Germans have left their mark on the island .  Today , the present Greeks and the odd expat have resisted the encroachment of mass tourism .  Instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas .  From Lourdas Bay you can
Jared McCarroll is head chef at M Restaurant and Grill in London .  Says it 's best to speak to your butcher and pay a little bit extra for the best meat .  Advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start cooking .  The best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry .  The cooking times below are for
Charlotte Briggs , 7 , was told she cannot attend Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield .  Mother Lynne , 49 , claims taking her daughter to school and back would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job .  Charlotte is a student at Broomhill Infants School , which is 150 yards from her home .  But council said the school Charlotte attends
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday .  Daniel Sturridge was left out of the squad for Monday 's clash with Newcastle .  Striker picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week .  Brendan Rodgers has admitted his star striker will be monitored .  Steven Gerrard could return at Wembley after seeing out last game against Newcastle .  Liverpool are already without Mamadou
UFC women 's champion Ronda Rousey visited Manny Pacquiao 's Los Angeles training camp .  She said she was ` truly honoured ' to meet such a humble and genuine person .  The Filipino posted an image of the pair expressing his gratitude on Twitter .  The fighter is preparing for his May 2 megafight against Floyd Mayweather .  The undefeated UFC bantamweight champion has signed a multi-fight deal with
Ronan Ghosh , 39 , was caught on CCTV shoplifting # 200 worth of meat and wine .  He was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag .  The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of # 16million .  His own barrister told the judge the offence ` beggars belief '  He initially elected trial by jury but pleaded guilty
The monster vegetable is so big it had been nicknamed the ` fat little girl ' in the village where it was grown .  It was grown by keen gardener Mr Li who claimed the specimen had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral .  It is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in China but usually they are grown by
Fireman Stephen Hunt , 38 , died tackling fire at Paul 's Hair World in Manchester .  Girl , 16 , said to have dropped cigarette while standing near shop 's fire exit .  Firefighter and another fireman were rushed to hospital where Mr Hunt was pronounced dead .  Scientists initially said the fire could not have been started accidentally .  More than a year of legal wrangling led to
The novelty sized pumpkins were served to the Asian Elephants on Friday morning .  The prize-winning pumpkins-including a 728kg monster that was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a Sydney Royal Easter Show-were presented to the elephants .  This year grower Dale Oliver produced the largest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia .  The pumpkins would normally be recycled as green waste after the show , but organisers were happy to
Volvo teamed up with a Sweden-based start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists , called Life Paint .  It 's invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark .  Dispensed in a spray can , the paint can be washed off , so it can also be applied to clothes , helmets , pushchairs , dog leads and bikes .  Trial cans up for grabs at certain
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A .  Francesco Totti gave Roma the lead after just three minutes .  But Lazio equalised with a penalty of their own .  Napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat struggling Cagliari on Sunday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool .  Barcelona forward Pedro would command # 90,000 a week .  The 27-year-old World Cup winner would cost # 10,000 less than Sterling .  Sterling is understood to be available for # 50million this summer .  Inter Milan and Bayern Munich have also shown an interest in Pedro .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
39-year-old Lianna Barrientos married ten men in eleven years-and married six of them in one year alone , it 's been revealed .  Her first marriage took place in 1999 to Mohamed Gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam , then a second marriage to Habibur Rahman .  The Department of Homeland Security was ` involved ' in her case , the Bronx district attorney 's office
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker .  The 26-year-old British backpacker has recorded his adventures in his blog .  He makes money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands .  He has herded goats in the Middle East , run beer-pong tables in Laos and done more than his fair share of flyering in Cambodia .  The
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Wojciech Szczesny says he feels sorry for Adam Federici .  The Australian let Alexis Sanchez 's shot slip through his hands in extra-time .  The Gunners are now the most successful FA Cup team of all time .
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando , Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed .  Mrs Grayson claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 .  But she claimed
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday .  The 21-year-old had a summit with a delegation led by Louis van Gaal .  United are leading the hunt for the PSV Eindhoven winger .  PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted : ` Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great '  PSV have expressed an interest in signing the winger .  CLICK HERE
Edwin Mee , 46 , is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims .  Alleged attacks took place while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon .  The Scottish officer-known as ` Jock ' - allegedly carried out the attacks .  He is accused of raping 11 female cadets aged from 15 to their early twenties .  Mee denies the allegations
Robert ` Bob ' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville , Georgia .  He was a founding member of the Southern hard rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd .  Burns ` vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve .  He was one of five people who founded the band in Jacksonville , Florida .  He left the group in 1974 because
Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison 's 18th century clock .  He thought it up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea .  It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory , in Greenwich .  It was initially set ticking a year ago after being strapped to a supporting pillar .  But it quickly became apparent the trial would be a
Barbara Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her South Carolina home on January 2 .  The coroner 's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect .  Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members .
The rifle was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites .  Police believe the thief stole the rifle by tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .  The rifle 's gear bag , backpack , and some clothing and tools were also
Queen Margrethe was joined on the balcony by her sons , Crown Prince Frederik , 46 , and Prince Joachim , 45 .  They were with her again for a procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the city hall for a lunch .  The Danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display .  Prime minister
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be ` highly intoxicated ' by Tulsa police following a fight that broke out in their shared apartment on April 14 .  The men were arguing over which phone was better , police said .  They were covered in blood and were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body .  The 21-year-old has since been arrested
Gunmen stormed the site where Corinthians ` fan group Pavilhao 9 meets .  They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head .  An eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died .  Detective Arlindo Jose Negrao ruled out a fight between rival fan groups .
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has reportedly pledged to give each pilot a Bentley .  He reportedly made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .  Saudi forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop Shiite rebels .  They are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government .  Bin Talal , who is a billionaire , is one of the world
Heida Reed claims audiences ` obsession with Captain Ross Poldark is sexist .  27-year-old co-star says it is evidence of reverse sexism .  Claims he is being ` objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female .  Comments follow overwhelming interest in Turner 's physique from fans .  Hundreds of viewers have taken to Twitter to marvel at his strapping form .  They even
Tipper Lewis , 43 , has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years .  She credits the likes of chia seeds , bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health .  She is the Head Herbalist at Neal 's Yard Remedies in London .  Starts the day with a superfood-charged smoothie packed with green powder and maca powder .  For lunch , she
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016 .  The 23-year-old can play full back , wing or centre .  He has won 14 caps for the All Blacks , making his Test debut against France two years ago .
Danny Welbeck was spotted arriving at the Manchester Arena on Monday night .  The Liverpool forward was joined by team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho .  Brendan Rodgers ` side thrashed the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday .
Latika Bourke was adopted from India along with two of her siblings .  But it never occurred to her that she should explore her origins in India .  But that changed when she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire .  She realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents did n't take her in their arms and change her life forever .  On her first visit
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka 's twins love seafood , ceviche , sushi , octopus , grilled pork , steak , Parmesan cheese , coconut , cinger , mint , and cinnamon .  Daughter Harper , meanwhile , prefers ` very strong and briny flavors ' including oysters , sardines , prosciutto , capers , duck liver , miso , and chocolate .  David , 39 , is a
Samantha Armytage has come under fire for a comment she made on-air last month .  The 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the UK , Lucy and Maria Aylmer .  Armytage congratulated Lucy on getting ` her dad 's fair skin , ' saying ` good on her '  Co-host David ` Kochie ' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in Armytage 's direction .
Ellen White scored against Arsenal in the Women 's Super League on Thursday .  She also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0 .  Arsenal equalised five minutes from time when Chioma Ubogagu scored a debut goal .
Substitute Senad Lulic scored a late winner to give Lazio a 1-0 win at Napoli .  Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final but were knocked out .  Napoli coach Rafael Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A , leaving their Champions League qualification hopes in tatters .  Lazio will face
Flambards theme park in Helston will be measured over Easter holiday period .  A reading on the ` fright ' decibels of the rollercoaster will be recorded .  It will be heard as a row develops over a new housing estate .  Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for 480 houses .
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ` incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory .  The pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft , registered VH-TBE , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers .  The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau -LRB- ATSB -RRB- released its report on Wednesday
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The bout has been billed as The Fight of the Century .  Former undefeated champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the fight .  Tickets for the fight finally go on sale on Thursday night .
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny .  When she asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampoo , opting to partake in the apparently-popular ` no poo ' movement .  ` I was n't in love with it ,
Wisden editor launches stinging attack on ECB 's handling of Kevin Pietersen .  English cricket ` repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all '  England lost eight full series out of all across the formats in 2014 .  Peter Moores labelled ` the outstanding coach of his generation ' by ECB .
One hundred years on , these war widows are visiting the battlefields in Gallipoli-many of them for the first time .  They will be the guests of honour at the dawn service on Saturday .  Among them is Jean Pockett , who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday .  Mrs Pockett is the widow of Private Arthur Pockett who fought with Australian forces on
Tommy Thompson , 62 , led an excursion to the ship , known as the Ship of Gold , which sank off the Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold .  He and girlfriend Alison Antekeier , 42 , have both admitted contempt of court .  They were arrested in January after U.S. . marshals tracked them down to the Boco Raton Hotel in Florida .  They
The unnamed worker was spotted on the roof of a home in Greenwich , south east London .  A local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment .  A building expert said the man should have had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a longer ladder .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Victim is accused of practising sorcery and witchcraft by militants fighting for ISIS in Iraq .  One of those distributing the sickening images is a British jihadi Abu Bakr al-Britani .  He is believed to have been killed near Tikrit in Iraq 's Salah al-Din province .  One image shows him lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back
The woman and child were stranded in their car in high water around 9 : 30 a . m . Friday on a rural highway in Lee County .  The car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them .  Authorities in Louisville , Kentucky , made more than 100 water rescues , including an estimated 48 at an apartment building in Okolona , Kentucky .  A flash
Sergey Bubka launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to take a hardline approach to doping .  The Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow IAAF vice-president Coe for the top job at athletics ` world governing body .  The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics .  The 51-year-old said : ` We need to show clear zero
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship .  The club are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages .  The club 's general manager says the houses are valued at around # 67,000 .  The club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification due to mounting debt .
Manchester United thrashed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal 's side are now four points clear of their cross-city rivals .  The Dutch manager said it is a great time to be a Manchester United supporter .  Van Gaal criticised himself for leaving his side with 10 men following Michael Carrick 's late injury .  He said he was ` very happy for the
Californian Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary .  He allegedly broke into actress Sandra Bullock 's home last summer .  The Oscar winner was found clutching a love letter for the actress .  Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .  He also is charged with having an arsenal of illegal weapons , including assault weapons , tracer ammunition and machine guns .  Kim
Amy Hughes , 26 , started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 .  The sports therapist completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27 .  The challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers .  The athlete also ran into a new love after she got close to friend Dave Keighley .  Dave cycled alongside Amy for 26 miles
Sarah Hulbert , 59 , worked for Bates President A . Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 .  Spencer allegedly fired Hulbert because she ` did not have pizzazz '  Hulbert claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to ` gender discrimination ' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial .
Police are investigating the theft of about $ 70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota sometime between April 1 and 7 .  The canister was worth about $ 500 , and the vials of semen were worth from $ 300 to $ 1,500 apiece .  The man said the only time he and his hired hand were away from the farm was on Easter Sunday .
Manchester United to introduce living wage at Old Trafford in July .  Premier League clubs agreed to pay living wage from 2016-17 season .  In-house staff will be paid # 7.85 an hour , or # 9.15 an hour if they are based in London .  Manchester City are also committed to paying full-time staff the living wage .
Jamie Richardson , 38 , from Lancing , West Sussex , and Daniel Taylor , 37 , pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour .  One allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew .  The other was accused of hitting himself on the head with fists .  The incident forced the flight from London to Mexico to divert to Bermuda .  The two holidaymakers could also face a
Author Lisa Erspamer 's new book , A Letter to My Mom , was published last week .  Celebrities such as Melissa Rivers , Shania Twain , will . i . am , Christy Turlington Burns , and Kristin Chenoweth all wrote letters of love and gratitude to the women who raised them .  The heartwarming epistolary book has arrived just in time for Mother 's Day on May 10
The Obama administration stepped up its lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill today to try to persuade lawmakers not to pass any legislation that could hamper prospects for negotiating a final deal with Iran to curb its nuclear program .  A Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on a bill authored by Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia 's leading clubs in the 1990s .  They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup in 1995 .  The Russian outfit have since been wound up after going bankrupt .  Volgodog is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup .
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane in Toronto .  ` Little Mac ' climbed about 213 meters up a metal ladder before taking a poop .  The crane operator has n't documented prior appearances by racons .  He has found ` evidence ' of their presence in the past .  He said : ` They are the tortoise in the story . Not so fast ,
Oscar ` Papoo ' Hernandez Jr , 24 , has pleaded guilty to charges of transporting firearms across state lines ; obstruction of justice ; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering .  In a sentencing memo released this week , the gun trafficker said he was ` awed ' by the NFL player 's fame and ` grateful to be noticed ' by him .  Hernandez ,
Golf WAG and U.S. . skier Lindsey Vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland , white jumpsuit uniform at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia .  Vonn wore a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton .  Bubba Watson 's wife Angie , however , donned the typical white jumpuit and caddied along with her
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV 's Saturday Night Takeaway .  The Manchester United striker admitted he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name when he is away from the pitch .  Rooney will lead his side against Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday .
Claims by The Trussell Trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday .  Labour Party and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure , with shadow work and pensions secretary Rachel Reeves describing it as ` shocking '  It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million -- and possibly lower
White Havana cob Cody was trapped in a muddy ditch for up to six hours .  It took 18 firefighters an hour-and-a-half to rescue the 15-hand horse .  Owner Tracey Hannant , from Bexleyheath , south London , said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged from the ditch .  It was the first time Cody had escaped from his field in six months .  Ms Hannant said
Just 8p in every # 10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research .  Just 11 per cent of research funding from the Government and charities into the UK 's leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementsia , research has found .  In comparison to cancer and coronary heart disease they are still poor relations , according to calculations by Oxford University academics .  Spending on
Peter Moores says he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England 's new director of cricket .  Moores was not sure England needed another voice in the dressing room .  Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton , the man who brought him back to the coaching job .  Former England captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Downton .
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest for the second year running .  The family-oriented festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to escape for a weekend .  It opens children and their parents ` minds to new opportunities in sport , music , the arts and food , all set
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge -LRB- Saturday , 5.30 pm -RRB- .  Diego Costa may not be risked following hamstring injury .  John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee problem .  Stoke forward Jonathan Walters expected to shake off calf knock in time to be available .  Victor Moses set to be fit for Potters as opposition is on-loan winger 's parent club .
Crucible thoroughbreds John Higgins and Graeme Dott led the Scottish charge .  Higgins beat Robert Milkins 10-5 in the first round of the Betfred World Championship .  The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77,75,69 and a clinching 106 in the second session .  Milkins said of Higgins : ` It 's going to take a good man to beat him on that form '  Dott was a 10-8 winner earlier as
Heart-warming video was created by Pandora to celebrate Mother 's Day .  Six real-life women and their children were blindfolded and asked to pick their mum .  The task was designed to understand the special bond between mother and child .  Ashton Kutcher shared the video on his Facebook page .
Eight-month-old boy was trapped in Range Rover in Surbiton , south-west London .  His mother frantically tried to open the door when keys were locked inside .  She became increasingly distressed as car became hotter and called police for help .  Temperatures peaked at 22.8 C at St James 's Park in London yesterday .  It was the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today
Margaret Gretton , 46 , has been barred indefinitely from the profession .  She referred to the Asian job applicant as a member of the terror group .  She also talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' in an Asian accent .  Disciplinary panel of the National College for Teaching and Leadership said she ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of the National Gallery of Australia 's current exhibition , ` James Turrell : A Retrospective '  The first hour-long tour was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt .  ` Everyone 's all in it together , so it 's not weird or anything , ' said one man who attended the tour .  The tour ran for an hour after
Summer Elbardissy , 19 , was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house in Connecticut .  She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof deck , but fell out of third-story window .  Student was rushed to hospital with brain injury , broken skull and pelvis .  Also had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking and getting dressed .  Sophomore was forced to undergo intubation and had to learn
Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin spotted at Tortaria in New York .  The 38-year-old enjoyed lunch with husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and son Jordan , 3 .  They were seen eating a burrito bowl and a salad at the quaint eatery .  It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of Chipotle .  The couple
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston , Texas .  The high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage .  TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .  He fell into a net covering the orchestra pit and luckily no one was hurt below .
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Raheem Sterling is as strong as ever .  Sterling did suggest he was considering his future at the club last week .  But the forward has not yet signed a new contract .
Aer Lingus flight left Dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land at 9.20 am .  120 passengers were on board the flight from Dublin to Vienna .  The incident happened an hour after two Ryanair planes collided .
Calvin Harris , 31 , was born Adam Wiles in 1984 in Dumfries , Scotland .  His father , David , now 72 , was the lead biochemist at the local school .  Harris is the son of a biochemist from the Scottish Borders .  Last year alone he earned # 45 million .  For one night 's work DJ-ing at a party in Puerto Rico , he was reportedly
Stoke City are closing on signing Standard Liege starlet Thibaut Verlinden .  The 15-year-old midfielder is a highly regarded member of Belgium 's U16 squad .  Club Brugge and Anderlecht have also expressed an interest .
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her crib .  A ` safety ridge ' cut off oxygen supply to her brain , West Sussex coroner heard .  The Bednest Bedside cot is designed to be placed next to a parent 's bed .  It has a moveable panel on one side which can be folded down , leaving a ridge just 7cm high
Huw Davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years .  He has a BSc -LRB- hons -RRB- degree , three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV .  He has applied for more than 500 jobs-but has not been called for a single interview .  Mr Davies , who lives in Merthyr Tydfil , says he ` has n't got the foggiest ' about
A family of four were enjoying a day out together in Portland , Maine .  White man was in a car with a group of young white men when he yelled ` Hey n * * * s ! ' at them .  Several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter .  Shay Stewart-Bouley , a blogger who writes about race , has told her story .
Sky Sports ` and BT Sport 's allocations have been revealed .  Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are the standout games .  The final day of the season , Sunday , May 24 , will be announced at a later date .
Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for Manchester City in the 89th minute .  The Argentine scored in injury time against QPR to win the Premier League title in 2012 .  Wilfried Bony has only scored once in five appearances since joining City .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .  Manchester City lost 1-0 to United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  The result was a
Tiger Woods confirmed he will be back at The Masters next week .  Phil Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round .  Justin Rose also enjoyed an encouraging round of 68 .  Padraig Harrington said ` if Tiger is fit and healthy there 's absolutely no way he 'll be sitting out the Masters '
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer to reach the semi-finals of the Miami Open .  World No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray if he beat John Isner .  Ferrer dominated the first three matches but was unable to sustain the pace .  The Serbian is set to face Tomas Berdych in his semi-final .  American made it back-to-back wins over top-10 opponents .  Isner beat Milos Raonic 6-4 ,
John Terry 's scrappy goal put Chelsea on the brink of the Premier League title .  But Jose Mourinho was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened Leicester City .  Victory at home to Crystal Palace on Sunday will now hand Chelsea their first league crown since 2010 .  ` Being top of the league since day one is not easy ; I think
Mauricio Pochettino 's first return to St Mary 's on Saturday brings with it arguably Saints ` biggest match of the season .  Ronald Koeman says his players must remain focused on European qualification .  Victor Wanyama 's future came under question after he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal .  There has also been speculation about the futures of Morgan Schneiderlin and Nathaniel Clyne .  Koeman has
Luke Bryant , 25 , was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary 's .  The fan , who Arsene Wenger thought was from the Southampton end , ran to the dugout and gestures .  Bryant admitted ` going onto an area adjacent to a playing area ' of the Football Act 1991 .  He said :
Bradley Dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham , Kent .  Dew returned to his friend 's home claiming he had lost his mobile on a train .  He then pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face .  Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury at Maidstone Crown Court .  Police said he
Caster Semenya won in 2 minutes , 5.05 seconds in Stellenbosch , South Africa .  The former 800 world title-holder and 2012 Olympic silver medalist won .  She said she 's injury-free and looking to qualify for the World Championships .
John Potter has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s .  He placed it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog .  He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society .  The photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was never authenticated .  Inscribed on the back of the frame , he
Hafeez Bhatti , who was racially abused along with his wife on a Sydney train , thanked the woman who stood up for them .  The 23-year-old said he was ` shocked ' by the incident on Wednesday .  The incident happened on an Airport Line train about 1.40 pm on Wednesday .  Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant .
Sky launched Buy and Keep scheme in April 2014 for Sky + HD subscribers .  It is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland .  It lets people stream movies straight to their TV , or to their mobiles using an app , as well as receive a hard copy in the post .  Films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ` follow me '
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals for Tottenham this season .  Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his breakthrough campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic .  FA chairman Greg Dyke has revealed that Kane wants to play for England 's Under 21s side at the European U21 Championships .  England have pulled out of the annual Victory Shield
Bridget Klecker , 42 , died on Friday after being struck by a car fleeing the police in San Francisco .  The woman was killed and another pedestrian was injured in the incident .  The suspects are allegedly responsible for several armed robberies across San Francisco , including three on Friday night alone .  The pair were headed to Mexico for Monday 's Giants season opener .  The black 2013
Tim Farron was accused by the dead man 's widow of ` betrayal '  Inquest found Jo Stephenson jumped from roof of his house while suffering ` intense stress '  Mr Stephenson , deputy leader of Cumbria County Council , fell from three-storey property after being vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron 's Westmorland and Lonsdale constituency .  Mr Stephenson 's wife Hilary has angrily accused Farron of
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests .  Celebrities including Lindy Klim , Zac Stenmark , and Jessica Mauboy had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats .  Each front row guest was given an $ 899 Lenovo tablet with their gift bag .  Fashion editors including Elle editor Justine Cullen were among the lucky recipients , and were quick to share
Kathrin Goldbach and her family have fled their home in Montabaur , France .  They are said to be afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash .  The 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home .  A friend of the distraught family said : ` The hatred of the world is coming down
Clare Hines , from Brisbane , was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures .  One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant .  She went against doctors ` warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah .  But one week before she was due to go into surgery , she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive .  Seven
Cao Yu , 22 , confronted the man in a public square in Guizhou province .  The man in his twenties , who was holding two knives , stabbed her in the shoulder .  She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete .  She was found ` bleeding all over ' and is now recovering in hospital .  Chinese social media users have praised her
Ukip source said party had planned for Mr Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis .  But when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive , a decision was taken to use that example .  He said : ` You can come to Britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with HIV and get the retroviral drugs
Hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers , experts have predicted .  Comes as Wonga revealed it racked up a # 37.3 million loss last year .  Revenues declined to # 217.2 million in the period , down by almost # 100million .  City watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday borrowers out of 400 will be left standing following
Mysterious message ` I ' m sorry ` was splashed across Brisbane 's sky on Monday .  It was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses .  Locals quickly took to Twitter to question who the message was directed at .  The author and recipient of the message remain a mystery .
Pretty Little Liars star Shay Mitchell 's Instagram account reads more like a top travel blog than a diary of a Hollywood starlet .  London 's Julie Falconer 's A Lady in London account showcases the best of the English capital , as well as her other European jaunts .  Photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest .  Sylvia Matzkowiak ,
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice .  The drivers , many of whom are married themselves , revealed their personal tips , life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love , which Danielle then shared on YourTango .  A 60-year-old named Michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting
Cheryl Heineman , 45 , a third-grade teacher from Florida , was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee , where she 's worked since 2005 .  She is accused of selling acid and Xanax to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old boyfriend , Jack Lindsey .  Lindsey is suspected of buying the drugs from an undercover cop in the parking lot of a Tractor Supply store in
The Mistley Thorn , in Essex , is a two-minute walk from Manningtree .  Built as a coaching inn circa 1723 , the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation .  It has six Mersea Island oysters followed by superb sea bass , while his wife raves about her chowder , followed by moules with chips .  It is so well-organised , unpretentious and welcoming .  We are paying # 100
The plug was pulled on Manny Pacquiao 's last conference call .  Bob Arum ordered an end to the discussion after many sportswriters were jamming the lines .  Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday .
Iker Casillas broke into the Bernabeu side as a 16-year-old in 1996 .  The Spaniard has been at the club since breaking into the team as a teenager .  De Gea has been linked with a move to Manchester United in the summer .  But the Spain international insists he will stay and fight for the No 1 jersey .  Los Blancos are hoping to become the first team to
Dave Heeley , 57 , from West Bromwich , ran the gruelling challenge over six days .  The father-of-three battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks .  He took part in the Marathon des Sables where competitors carry provisions on their back .  Temperatures in the desert can reach 50 degrees during the day and more than 40 per cent humidity , while dropping to below freezing
Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new exciting adventure .  Since Christmas West Ham have been playing relegation football .  If a new manager is being considered , it is understandable .  Rafael Benitez could return to English football after Napoli .
Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are ` out of control '  Ahmed al-Karim , head of the Salahuddin provincial council , said the fighters had burnt ` hundreds of houses ' in the last two days .  It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city .  He said : ` Our city was burnt in front
Ed Miliband was superimposed over London rapper Plan B in Gogglebox .  Labour leader said : ` David , if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one-on-one '  He was accompanied in one photo by the caption ` debate me like one of your French girls '  This is a reference to when Rose asks Jack in 1997 film Titanic to ` draw me '
London Mayor urged Ukip supporters to ` swing behind the Conservatives '  He said they are in ` increasing psychological conflict ' as they realise a vote for Nigel Farage 's party is a ` vote for Ed Miliband '  Mr Johnson also urged Labour and Liberal Democrat voters to rally behind Tories in Thanet .  He also urged them to defeat the Ukib leader , an outcome he said
Acclaimed designer Alex Perry pulls out of 2015 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia .  This year marks the 20th anniversary of the event .  This is only the second time the designer has missed in two decades .  Perry says he loves the excitement of running his own show .  He says Kym Ellery and Johnny Schembri from By Johnny are his two faves .  Perry says the Australian market
Jamal Kiyemba , 36 , was detained in Kampala over the murder of Joan Kagezi .  She was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab .  He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years but was released in 2006 .  He was awarded # 1million from the British government over claims he had been tortured by U.S. . intelligence and
High school students in Jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk to eat lunch .  Students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat .  The school has even erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling .
Siobhan O ` Dell , 17 , applied to Duke University in her home state of North Carolina .  On March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had missed out on a place .  Refused to take no for an answer , she wrote back , saying : ` After careful consideration , I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .  Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf tear .  The Holland full-back was unable to prevent the Magpies running out winners .  Jermain Defoe scored a stoppage-time volley on the stroke of half-time .  The result moves Sunderland three points clear of the Premier League relegation zone .  CLICK HERE for all
James Houlder , 30 , and his girlfriend Vicki Hood , 22 , were on holiday in Sharm El Sheikh .  Couple had booked a sunshine break at the Sonesta Beach Resort .  But within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea .  James , who works for a publishing company , has developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- .  He says he sometimes needs
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal when his contract expired at the end of last season .  The France international has only made 16 appearances for City this season .  City are languishing in fourth in the Premier League , with Arsenal second .  Sagna said he would make the same decision again if he was faced with a similar choice .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week at Youngstown State University were removed this week after student leaders determined that they went ` way further than a free speech issue '  The anonymously posted flyers encouraged students to ` go about your day without telling everyone about how ' different ` you are '  ` Nobody cares about what you think you are , or what you want to
Latvian goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months .  He has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent .  The Latvian has been impressed by the ` unique ' fans and their support .  CSKA have faced a series of financial problems since Bulgarian tycoon Vasil Bozhkov sold the club in 2006 .
Alice Dreger attended sex education class at East Lansing High School , in Michigan , after her son asked her to sit in to hear what was going on first hand .  The mother-of-one , a respected professor , began furiously tweeting out the contents of the class , which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex .  According to the 45 tweets
Relatives of homeowner Esam Ghazzawi , who worked as an adviser to a member of the Saudi royal family , left the home in August 2001 .  The family of Abdulaziz al-Hijji and his wife Anoud left their 3,300 square foot Florida home in late August 2001 , but did not take cars , furniture or food from their fridge .  The FBI agent who investigated the disappearance said that
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday .  The 21-year-old has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season .  He is hoping to help Aitor Karanka 's Middlesbrough get promoted to the Premier League .  The young striker will have to compete with the likes of Diego Costa when he is called back to Chelsea .  Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has been impressed with the
Millie-Belle Diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers .  Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online when she was two months old .  The toddler from Warriewood , in northern Sydney , started earning up to $ 250 per post for wearing their garbs in the pictures .  Her account rocketed in popularity last year when a picture of
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation 's Street Red project .  The Swede , now 41 , was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson 's treble-winning side of 1998-99 .  He made 38 appearances in that memorable season following a # 4.4 m switch from Parma .  He now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences .  The 41-year-old
Helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo .  Thomaz Alckmin , son of the city governor , was one of the victims .  Three mechanics , as well as the pilot , were among the dead .  Authorities said they were investigating the cause of the crash .
Cody fell at the first hurdle after wandering into a bog in Belvedere , south-east London .  The horse was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety .  Fire crews spent more than an hour rescuing the distressed animal .
Abdul Hadi Arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest .  He was a fierce critic of president Bashar al-Assad , according to friends .  His son Murhaf said : ` He was the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet '  He said he ` spoke up and out against the crime of terror and oppression wherever he found
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season .  For the first time the Enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in Friday 's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends .  The 24-year-old would love to be keeping his hand in , but knows it is something he has to sacrifice to keep his F1 dream
Jaclyn Methuen , 30 , nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive .  At one point , she even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride .  The newlyweds are on their honeymoon in Puerto Rico , but things soon get awkward when they run out of things to talk about .  Jacyn is struggling with calling him `
Melbourne-born , Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas ` domestic and international pilots .  He will spend time talking to pilots , travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms .  The new uniforms are expected to be rolled out next year .  CEO Alan Joyce said there are an increasing number of women joining the
Caroline Wozniacki joined by NFL star J.J. . Watt in the stands on Monday .  The pair watched a NCAA Final Four basketball championship game .  The pair were beaten 68-63 by the Duke Blue Devils at Lucas Oil Stadium .
Michael Buckley , 60 , died after being hit by a shopping trolley in Bromley , London .  Shopper Melanie Buck , 33 , is accused of killing the frail widower .  She is said to have become frustrated because food aisles were gridlocked .  Mr Buckley fell to the floor and broke his thighbone and wrist , court heard .  On Christmas Day his condition worsened after he suffered
First Family arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria , Virginia .  Rev Howard-John Wesley opened service by welcoming the president .  He urged the congregation not to take selfies with him .  It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll , during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk .  Churchgoers traditionally walk around to shake hands and give hugs
Janet Brown was battered to death at her family home in Radnage , Buckinghamshire .  The 51-year-old nurse 's naked body was found at the foot of the stairs in 1995 .  The mother-of-three was gagged with packing tape and handcuffed behind her back .  Mrs Brown 's two daughters said the horror of the crime ` stays with us every day '  Detectives believe new DNA evidence could help
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month .  The Aviva Premiership side will now face a hearing on April 27 .  Gloucester lie ninth in the Premiership and could be hit by a points deduction .  Gloucester have three league games left-against Newcastle , London Irish and Bath .  The west country club are through to next week 's European Challenge Cup final .
The New York Daily News claimed that Sharpton 's family wanted him gone to avoid ` another Ferguson type of circus '  Sharpton said he would head to North Charleston , South Carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on Sunday , the day after Scott 's funeral .  Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager in South Carolina on April 4 .  Cell phone footage showed Scott
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 2-1 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday .  Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles before Wilfried Zaha equalised for the Black Cats .  Alan Pardew 's side now sit fifth in the Premier League , two points behind leaders Chelsea .  Wickham 's 89th-minute winner was his first game in charge of the Eagles since leaving Newcastle
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook 's IBF welterweight world title .  Talks have been held between the parties .  Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday .  Gavin is the only Englishman to have won a world amateur title .  He lost his first fight as a professional last year when he attempted to win the European welterweight title
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players .  Van Gaal said too many players at United are n't very bright .  Juan Mata is a cultured , classy individual on and off the pitch .  Marouane Fellaini is a good footballer , but he 's had several seasons of being turned into a target man by David Moyes , he
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people .  It has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence .  Residents of the caravan park said that one of the biggest problems in the park stemmed from drugs and alcohol abuse .  One resident said that much of the violence had to do with ` who 's paid and
Consumers could soon have to pay goods and services tax -LRB- GST -RRB- on their movie and music downloads .  Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple .  The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $ 1,000 online from overseas .  But
The Park Hyatt New York recently hired First Lady Michelle Obama 's favourite designer , Narcisco Rodriguez , to re-design the staff 's uniforms .  The Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer , Sunny Fong , for overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms .  JW Marriott Houston Downtown enlisted the help of American designer , David Peck , for their recent uniform revamp .
Driss Diaeddinn , 50 , is believed to have shot four members of his family before taking his own life on Thursday .  He bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38-year-old Reda Diae Yunn and 56-year .  Dodi Fayed , and their mother , 76-year .  He then went upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law Meriem Ben Yahia , 26 .  His wife and two children ,
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the three-Test series against West Indies .  The Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler .  The 25-year-old 's ability to hurry batsmen from a short run-up is reminiscent of Craig White and Simon Jones from previous eras .  Wood has also displayed a marked improvement in his use of the new ball .  The
Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep his club in the Premier League .  QPR host West Ham on Saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left .  It will be the same at Newcastle , Aston Villa , Leicester , Sunderland and Hull .  Sean Dyche says his side have had to compete with the smallest wage budget in
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League next season .  The Barcelona star has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe .  The Bhoys lost 2-1 on aggregate to Maribor in the play-off round in August .  Messi says he wants to experience the ` best atmosphere in Europe ' again .
A Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time .  Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live .  They were also able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns-240 millionths of a metre -LRB- 0.0024 mm -RRB- below the surface of the tongue .  The relationship between the many taste cells within a
Children conceived by fathers over 40 also have a 30 % increased risk of epilepsy , a 37 % higher risk of Down 's syndrome , a 14 % greater risk of childhood leukaemia , and a 70 % greater chance of central nervous system cancers .  The risk of miscarriage and premature birth also rises when the man is more than 40 .  Two-thirds of new UK fathers are
HBO 's Game of Thrones is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series .  Most of the upcoming series was filmed in southern Spain .  Travel service Zicasso is looking to attract all die-hard fans with a luxury tour of Andalusia .  From Madrid to Seville , fans will head toward Alcazar , a former Muslim fort celebrated for its Mudejar architecture .  It is also the setting for
A New York City subway train was stuck beneath the East River at 8.30 am Monday .  More than 500 passengers were evacuated from cars in an underwater tunnel .  The train 's conductor saw smoke coming from the third rail of the train .  The 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to Grand Central Station in Manhattan .  No injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt
Romelu Lukaku joined his new agent Mino Raiola on a season-long loan last summer .  Raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game , with Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Paul Pogba and Mario Balotelli among his clients .  Everton manager Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by the move .  The Belgian striker has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season .  Martinez says :
Dr Frederic Brandt , 65 , was found hanged in his Miami home two days after he graduated from Frank H Morrell High in Irvington , New Jersey .  The famed dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon , who had been suffering from depression , had been left ` devastated ' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Tina Fey 's Netflix show , Dr Franff .  Dr Brandt
Etienne Gould Nunan was born at Melbourne 's Monash Hospital in July last year .  He was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed .  He went on to develop pneumonia , suffer a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections .  A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby , not much larger than a can of soft drink ,
Kevin Pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .  Former England star Andrew Flintoff fears there is no vacancy for Pietersen .  Pietersen has not featured for England since being sacked 14 months ago .  Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in the Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad .  Pietersen already has three Ashes series wins on his
Australian choreographer Wade Robson , once the singer 's staunchest defender , now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child .  Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson 's alleged child victims , James Safechuck , on Tuesday that could decide if their respective claims proceed .  If judge gives Robson a green light
For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home .  When Price gave birth at Homer G . Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .  But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to wash their own car .  Only 12 per cent of those that do say they do it regularly .  Survey of 1,100 adults was carried out by vehicle leasing firm OSV .
Manchester City face Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side have lost to Chelsea in the Barclays Premier League title race .  The Chilean believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places and not the title .  City have just eight games remaining and a significant deficit to make up on Chelsea that looks a forlorn task .  James
Robert Charles Bates , 73 , shot and killed Eric Harris , 44 , in Tulsa , Oklahoma .  Harris was allegedly trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers .  Bates , who was monitoring from afar , accidentally pulled out stun gun .  Harris , who has been a reserve since 2008 , then fought with another deputy .
Stars such as Justin Bieber and Beyonce have posted Instagram pictures of their trips to the world 's most famous sights and landmarks .  The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country 's northern border from foreign invasion .  While it is still fun to get on a plane , with the promise of a holiday on the other side , seeing the Louvre
Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year .  The children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried she is ` brainwashing ' them after their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border last year .  The 28-year-old regularly boasts on Twitter that her daughter likes watching IS videos of ` Muslims killing bad ppl '  ` We pray they come back but it does not
The pound has slipped to a five-year low against the dollar amid growing uncertainty about the outcome of the general election .  But the pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar , its lowest level since June 2010-just after the last election when no party secured a majority .  Different polls have variously put the Tories and Labour narrowly ahead , with David Cameron and Ed Miliband both
Isco returned to the Real Madrid starting XI for the Champions League semi-final .  The Spaniard was dropped by Carlo Ancelotti after James Rodriguez 's return .  Isco admitted he was unhappy with life at the Bernabeu .  He said : ` I am more than hurt , so I ' m not very happy . I thought James Rodriguez was doing a good job `  CLICK HERE for all
Mark Allen Sanders was a pledge to the Sigma Nu fraternity at the University of Texas at Austin in 1988 .  Hamm was one of seven fraternity members who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge .  He was hit so hard that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney .  The hazing incident resulted in a police inquiry and the fraternity chapter was
` Pie-egg-ra ' dish contains one and a half Cadbury 's Creme Eggs .  It was created by blind-baking the casing as the egg would otherwise melt down .  Then one-and-a-half Cremes were popped in as a filling .  It is then served with chips at a price of # 2.75 at Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston .  The 55-year-old fryer says : ` If you ' re
Kenneth Lombardi , who goes by Ken , was a red carpet regular for CBS New York , interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger .  He claims Duane Tollison , a senior producer at CBS , grabbed his crotch and kissed him at a Christmas party in 2013 .  Then , on May 8,2014 , Albert ` Chip ' Colley , the CBS Evening News Director
The BBC has admitted it ` occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms .  Building has specially designed ` huddle zones ' and a ` meeting tower ' on stilts in atrium .  Corporation insiders say these venues include De Vere 's business centre and luxury Langham Hotel .  New Broadcasting House is home to three 24-hour news channels , nine radio networks and 6,000 staff .
Carwyn Scott-Howell , from Talybont-on-Usk , Wales , plunged 160ft to his death .  The seven-year-old was skiing with his mother and siblings .  State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau ruled out negligence as a factor .  Family described him as a ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy '
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 on Friday night .  Ronny Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership ` terrible '  Deila argued that artificial pitches would make for better spectacles .  Gary Teale feels Deila 's criticism unfair on the Paisley club 's groundsman , Tommy Docherty .
Liz Norden 's two sons , JP and Paul , lost their right leg in the Boston bombings .  The men , now in their mid-thirties , were hit by shrapnel and ball-bearings .  They shielded friends from the second of two blasts at the finish line .  Mark Wahlberg is teaming up with CBS to make a feature film .  Norden said for many the pain is still visceral
Kelly-Anne Bates ` 17-year-old daughter was tortured to death by James Smith .  He burnt her with an iron , scalded her with boiling water and gouged out her eyes .  She also tied her to a radiator by her hair , broke her arm and knees .  The terrified teenager was alive , begging for mercy .  Smith , then 49 , got life imprisonment and must serve a
Dundee United were beaten 2-0 by Celtic at Dens Park on Wednesday .  Jackie McNamara 's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games .  The Scottish Premiership side have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years .  United have also qualified for European competition in three of the last four years .  The club have also won the Scottish Cup in
Police have found the car a Queensland teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner .  Billy-Anne Huxham , 18 , was taken from her home in Caboolture , north of Brisbane , just after 6am on Tuesday .  Shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before she was abducted .  Detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman , 32 , who is believed to
The service provides a twice-daily summary ` of the best tweets for you '  Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device .  A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popularweets from people they know , as well as trending stories .  Twitter 's Gordon Luk said : ` We want to help you get the most out of
The shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year , nearly 65 inches fell in February alone , means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain .  Vlad Tarasov could n't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at Boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's Seaport District .  Junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs , parking cones , broken bottles
Lib Dem leader wants appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls .  Patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web .  Mr Clegg met patients and staff at Bodmin Community Hospital in Cornwall .  But officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service .  They said it could be used for update appointments , brief
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century on May 2 .  The bout will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .  Tickets for the fight were sold out within 60 seconds on Ticketmaster last week .  The 38-year-old took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with Motown legend Gladys Knight .  Knight tweeted : ` The champ
Two French backpackers set alight an Australian quokka in Rottnest Island .  Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet , 24 , and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian , 18 , used a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight .  The men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate 's Court on Friday .  They were fined $ 4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham .  Pham , who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work , seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit .
Britain 's super-rich are more than twice as rich as they were in 2009 .  Queen Elizabeth II placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of # 340m , compared with 285th last year .  Today the wealthiest 1,000 people based in Britain are collectively worth # 547billion , up from # 258billion in 2009 , an increase of 112 per cent .  Those placed lowest
Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother , Sierra Sharry , when the young mom asked if she could make their family complete .  So Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and , with a ghostly filter , fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them .  Smith passed away in a freak accident
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis .  The advert features Julia , 58 , of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old .  She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad , commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , to
The pictures were found in the archives of East Germany 's Stasi secret police .  They were forced to pose for the pictures , which were used as ` evidence ' in show trials against those they caught .  Photographer Arwed Messmer found the pictures in a box at the Stasi Archive in Berlin .  One of the photos shows a man sitting in a homemade raft made of polystyrene
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations .  Demand is putting endangered gibbons , leopards and elephants at risk .  Many protected areas have already been lost to rubber plantations .
Tony Blair signed deal to sell theory of ` deliverology ' to Colombia .  Contract was signed between Columbia 's department of national planning and Windrush No 3 LP , an arm of Mr Blair 's business network .  It includes carrying out a ` stocktake ' of mining deals and contains at least 10 clauses on confidentiality .  Blair last week denied being in the ` league of the
Alfie the Yorkshire Terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home .  The seven-year-old ran out of woods in front of RSPCA van and started barking .  He was rescued by inspector Stephanie Law , from Gerrards Cross , Buckinghamshire .  Alfie was microchipped and was able to trace his owner , Kirsty Mitton .  Alfie had been stolen with Miss Mitton 's other Yorkshire terrier , Lillie
Salford 's Rangi Chase could face a four to eight-match ban .  The half-back was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw .  Chase 's tackle on Brett Ferres in the 15th minute of the match was deemed dangerous .  He has been asked to appear before an independent disciplinary tribunal on Wednesday .  Widnes hooker Lloyd White , Warrington prop Anthony England , Hull KR back-rower Maurice Blair
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign .  on May 4 , according to The Wall Street Journal .  But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it 's just a rumor .  ` I am not confirming the WSJ story , ' Flores said .  The former tech executive is scheduled to deliver a speech at a public library in Council Bluffs , Iowa
A pregnant Jehovah 's Witness woman and her baby died after she was diagnosed with leukemia but refused a blood transfusion .  The 28-year-old was told she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a transfusion .  She refused both options due to her religious beliefs .  Her baby died in utero three days later after suffering a stroke and
The Ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market -LRB- AIM -RRB- after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor -LRB- Nomad -RRB- to meet regulations .  Interim chairman Paul Murray insists the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ` solely ' to blame for the club 's stock exchange removal .  Rangers now plan to be listed on the ISDX market , which Arsenal
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova .  The British taekwondo star has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 .  Cook applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici .  The 24-year-old has fought for the Isle of Man since early 2013 .
` Plus-size ' model Laura Wells revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for Fashion Week .  The size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her stint working in New York .  Wells says there was ` no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills ' and ` one cracker and a couple of glasses of water '
For the first time in 65 years the California Department of Water Resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in early April .  Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday , which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began .  ` We ' re in a new era ; the idea of your
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County , Oregon , took Cooper to a McDonald 's drive-thru .  While the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .  To date the video of Cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times .
PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday night .  Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise .  Moura said : ` I think he 's the best player in the world , above all the rest '  Brazilians and Argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football .
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by hackers who encrypted their computers ` files using a malware program called CryptoLocker .  The program infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer .  It caused police systems to be down between four and five days .  The only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old , so cops were left paying the ransom in the
Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake 's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town .  A family who was visiting the shoreline with a photography group came over to help .  As more people came , they began bringing items to try and help get Shelby out , using grocery bags , car floor mats
Sam Allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for Aaron Cresswell .  The 25-year-old defender is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City .  The Hammers boss believes he would be better off staying at Upton Park .
Ana Granucci Davis , 28 , gave birth to her son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday , three days after her husband 's death .  Aaron Davis , head chef at The Kitchen , was killed by Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am , police said .  The 25-year-old driver and his passenger , Rayvorris Altuan Oliver , 27 , fled the scene following the crash .  Mitchell faces
Rebecca Sedwick , 12 , jumped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland , Florida in September 2013 .  The following month , the Polk County Sheriff 's Office said she likely killed herself following ` malicious harassment ' from two schoolmates , Katelyn Roman , then 12 , and Guadalupe Shaw , 13 .  Both girls were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking
Dramatic incident took place in Olani village , in central India .  Villager stood on guard with his stick as the leopard attacked him .  Ward beat the big cat twice on the head as it tried to slash him with its claws .  After a few seconds the leopard retaliated , dumping the ward to the ground .  The man did not suffer any serious injuries as a result
Allen picked Barcelona for setting of his Oscar winning film , Vicky Cristina Barcelona .  Culture centre is hoped to be housed in former art and crafts school , La Llotja .  Mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of Allen , Jaume Roures .
Monica McDermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus .  Mother-of-one had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car .  When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit .  She pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates ` court .  She told the court she had drank a bottle of wine while her son
The Curious Canine Kitchen will open in Shoreditch , London , on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April .  For # 20 a dog , foodie Fidos will be treated to The Nature Way Tasting Menu .  Includes seaweed and kale puree , reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , coconut and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa .  Menu was devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole
Southampton have scored just seven times in their last 10 league matches .  The Saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches .  Ronald Koeman 's side face Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday .
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father 's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a recent raft of controversial comments .  Last week the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '  Mr Le Pen was quoted as calling France
The ` Kate effect ' has put a bump in profits of British fashion house Seraphine .  Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years .  Fans flocked to snap up items worn by the Duchess of Cambridge .  Among the most popular royal choices was a # 195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat .  It became such a hit with women -- many of whom were
Two women aged 47 and 22 , and two men aged 24 and 22 held at Manchester Airport .  They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1 .  Waheed Ahmed , 21 , the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed , has been held at Birmingham Airport .  The group is understood to include his aunt , two of his male cousins , his
Tyler MacNiven won the ninth season of The Amazing Race and a $ 1million prize .  He and his fiancee , Kelly Hennigan , made an epic save the date for his upcoming wedding .  The video , inspired by action films , shows the two literally saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore , fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very
Suicide bomber first attacked convoy before militants opened fire .  Iraqi army embroiled in fierce battle to reconquer western Anbar province .  Country 's army has been under ISIS control for the past year .
Louisiana State University frat boys stopped for an expired tag .  They told police they were headed to Gulf Shores to celebrate spring break .  Alcohol was found in their pick-up truck and trailer on I-10 in Mobile County .  More than 100 cases of Natural Light beer , five cases of Corona and a five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel was confiscated .  Deputies also found ten litres of
Superdrug has launched creams with ingredients found in teenage spot treatments .  Include ingredients normally found in teen spot treatments-as well as anti-ageing .  One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people .  Experts say growing stress levels are a key factor .  Stress makes the adrenal glands release male hormones , which then trigger more oil production , blocking pores .
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating has unveiled the design for its premium economy seat .  It has hand-stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite materials .  Seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants .  Managing director Chris Brady said : ` We believe that comfort is found in the spaces between seats '  He said big seats that are `
Announcement was made on the company 's blog by Mary Ellen Smith .  She has a teenage son , Shawn , with autism .  The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington .  The program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne , a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT .  Last year Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was forced to apologize
Major General James Post III told a group of officers that talking to Congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to ` treason '  The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying , tank-killer aircraft .  The plane has strong supporters among members of Congress who have so far successfully blocked attempts to retire it .  General Hawk Carlisle ,
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens .  Of those who do spot the tiny animals , only a quarter see them frequently .  There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs in Britain today .  Part of the reason is the widespread loss of traditional hedgerows .  But the loss of bushes and hedges in back gardens is also thought to have
Mary Todd Lowrance , 49 , a teacher at Moises E Molina High School , turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning .  She was accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17 , according to police .  Lowrance had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months , police said .  If the student
Paul Smith takes on Andre Ward in Oakland on June 20 .  The fight will not be for Ward 's WBA super-middleweight world title .  Ward has not boxed since November 2013 .  Smith failed in back-to-back challenges for Arthur Abraham 's beltBO belt .  CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Google Handwriting Input is now available on Android phones .  It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus .  It even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send .  Google also launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it .  It appears to only work when you ` re signed into your Google account
Shaun Bryan , 23 , was intended target of the shooting which paralysed Thusha Kamaleswaran in 2011 .  Bryan and accomplice Gino Sawyers subjected two women to a ` ruthless attack ' in their home in Croydon , south London .  Bryan was jailed for aggravated burglary at Croydon Crown Court .
Research revealed half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely .  In comparison , 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends .  Chloe Jackson , 19 , from Norfolk , appeared on today 's This Morning .  She said : ` I have 1000 friends on Facebook but I do n't have 1,000 friends in real life '  She
Mental health advocate Nic Newling , 28 , was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at the age of 13 .  Christopher Newling 's death came as a shock to the family who had been focusing on Nic 's struggles .  Nic and Christopher were both diagnosed with mental illnesses at the same time .  Christopher was not as open about his emotions and his anxiety and depression .  Nic admitted himself
Michael Foster was appearing at a public ` hustings ' in Camborne and Redruth .  He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home .  Loveday Jenkin is standing for Mebyon Kernow-the party for Cornwall .  Ms Jenkin claims Mr Foster turned to her and said : ` You c * * * . If you pick on me again I will destroy you '  Mr Foster said not many
Alexandra Allen , 17 , from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria .  It is so rare it affects just 35 people in the world .  Showers have to be quick and cold-long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation .  Symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure .  Investigators believe the hives are not caused by
Rangers have been de-listed from the London Stock Exchange .  Chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor .  Interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM 's decision at the door of the club 's previous board .  Rangers also this week announced six-month losses of # 2.6 million for the second half of last year .  Rangers will have to hand Newcastle United # 500,000
The venerable club in Baron 's Court will host Britain 's biggest home tie in three decades .  Andy Murray 's side will take on France at Queen 's from July 17-19 .  Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is likely to sell out quickly .
For nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained .  Dejan Stojkovic , an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo , says that information is n't lost once it enters a black hole .  His new paper presents explicit calculations demonstrating how information is preserved .  This is
Mass murderer Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor .  He is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the ` voices from God ' which he blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial .  But families of victims of the Yorkshire Ripper are furious about the move .  It has been claimed he is now
President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , paid more than $ 93,000 in federal taxes last year .  Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent , the returns show .  The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $ 160,00 in itemized deductions .  They also donated $ 70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities .  The couple also reported making $ 94,889 from the
Spectators were allowed to leave Camden Yards after Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox in ten innings on Saturday night .  After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations , demonstrators began climbing on police cars and smashing them with traffic cones .  At least two people have been injured and 12 protesters were arrested , according to Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts .  Fans watched as smaller groups of
Three women were filmed twerking in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk .  They are seen performing ` erotic and sexual twerk dance ' along to music .  Prosecutors said it was disrespectful to those who fought in WWII .  Two of the women were jailed for ten days , while a third was sentenced to 15 days .  Two others escaped with fines , while another escaped
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014-more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before .  But smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent .  CDC report is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students at middle schools and high schools , both public and private .  It follows a government-funded study released in December which found similar trends ,
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the vintage-style dolls .  The original 1959 Barbie Doll was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959 .  Myer City stores in Melbourne , Sydney , Perth , Brisbane , and Adelaide will offer the first 100 customers the doll for the original 1959 price of $ 3.00 .  For those who miss out on the promotion , the
Britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves .  Retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today .  Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine .  Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves .
AP McCoy is champion jockey every year since he won the title in 1997 .  He will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the Grand National .  ` I ' m a dreamer , ` said McCoy , who announced his plans to retire in February .  The 40-year-old has vowed to end his career immediately if he land the # 1million race for a second time .
Australian artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to Indonesian President Joko Widodo in the final hours before his treasured friends , Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan , are expected to be executed in Indonesia .  ` You can turn off Myu 's imagination but you will never kill the memory of them , ' he wrote .  ` I have promised Myu and Andrew , their parents and
South Yorkshire Police missed ` intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham , a report has found .  At least 1,400 children were abused in the town between 1997 and 2013 .  The review was launched last December in the wake of the damning Jay report .  It found the force did not use ` alternative strategies ' to protect victims or gather evidence .
Raymond Allen , 87 , opened the first KFC franchise in Preston , Lancashire , in 1965 .  He is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe .  He has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices-and is a closely guarded secret by the firm .  He said : ` We have
The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton to raise money for the British Heart Foundation .  The Duchess of Cambridge 's younger sister was seen jogging in London today , for the second time this week .  Despite temperatures in London reaching a toasty 23 degrees , Pippa was seen pounding the pavement on a long run around the city
Frail Gaston Pinsard , 96 , was born in 1919 and claimed he had been abused at Haut de La Garenne children 's home in Jersey .  He was married with four children at the time of the offences , which took place over a period of nine years and only stopped when he decided to ` stop his filthy habit '  He admitted nine charges of indecent assault at
Robert Mugabe appeared to be sporting new hairstyle when he arrived in South Africa .  But it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot of the 91-year-old dictator .  The picture emerged after a bit of camera trickery , and it emerged .  It showed the president taking a tumble after addressing supporters at Harare Airport .  It was turned into numerous memes , including Beyonce 's Single Ladies
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas declared the country had been ` running on empty ' since February .  Debt repayment deadline looming on May 1 .  Greece 's biggest tax office had its electricity cut off yesterday after the finance ministry failed to pay its power bills .  Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is expected to appeal to German Chancellor Angela Merkel for more aid to avoid going bust and a
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan .  Means some pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105 .  The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like .  Economists say increase in
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren said Thursday that she does n't support the death penalty for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , who was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon bombings .  ` Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it 's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice , ' she said .  When asked what she
China has built an airstrip on disputed Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea .  Philippines , Vietnam , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan all claim the area which is claimed by many countries in the region .  Images show the country 's rapid progress in building the runway on the island which could be used for military operations .  They follow disturbing photographs released
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England .  Carrick played against Ecuador at the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final .  England have won just four competitive matches when Carrick started .
Coral Jones was branded a ` bad mother ' for allowing April to play in the street .  The 43-year-old has been sent hate mail blaming her for her daughter 's murder .  April was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger in October 2012 .  Bridger , 49 , was jailed for life in 2013 but her body has never been recovered .  Mrs Jones has suffered from agroraphobia
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento has been hired by Brazilian club Mogi Mirim .  Edinho 's dad is Brazilian legend Pele , who won three World Cups in 1958,1962 and 1970 .  The 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for Santos .
Bournemouth were promoted to the Premier League on Monday .  The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth .  The Gunners will start the season in second place for the first time in 100 years .
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against the State Department 's unclassified computer network last year .  The hackers were able to access real-time , non-public schedule of President Obama , which is considered highly sensitive information .  In October 2014 , the White House acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office .  A six-month investigation into
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after writing her name and date .  She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday .  The cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world and one of the most popular tourist attractions .  It 's the second time in four weeks that Italian police have charged a holidaymaker .  In March two American tourists were
The echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off Rye Beach , 83 km south of Melbourne .  The spiny ant-eater is a popular surfing and fishing spot on Victoria 's Mornington Peninsula .  According to Australia Zoo , the mammals are ` proficient ' swimmers .
Robert Dellinger , 54 , was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy , 24 , who was 8 months pregnant , and her fiance , 29-year-old Jason Timmons .  Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple 's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon .  The 62-year-old was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband shot dead .  She was permitted to attend an addiction studies course in Inchicore .  She was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way to the city centre .  An unsuspecting female commuter sat next to her as she walked to a
The ` # kyliejennerchallenge ' has been watched more than 3.7 million times on Facebook .  In footage posted by Elihudi Justin Urassa , from Brighton , on Facebook .  A young woman can be seen sucking on to the tube of tortilla flavoured chips .  She is then seen removing it to reveal her new pout made of crisps .  Trend is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie
Claudetteia Love , a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe , Louisiana , said she will skip her senior prom because the school principal wo n't let her wear a tuxedo .  A petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow Love to wear the tux , but it was not acted on by school faculty .  ` Girls
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League on Tuesday .  Tim Sherwood 's side are six points clear of the relegation zone .  Chris Ramsey led QPR to a 4-1 victory at West Brom on Saturday .  But Sherwood has vowed to give Ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him ahead of the game .  The former Tottenham boss insists he will take no pleasure
Pets ` favourite show is TV presenter Paul O ' Grady 's ` For the Love of Dogs '  Two-thirds of goldfish owners admit to putting the bowl in sight of the TV .  A quarter , 24 per cent , say their pets love watching TV so much they spend nine hours glued to it every day .  Keeping up With The Kardashians is the least favourite show with
Max Azria 's 30,000 sq ft Los Angeles mansion is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills , one of the city 's affluent neighborhoods .  Visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals .  There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that 's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 square ft movie
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on CNN . com .  They then divided users into those most likely to be banned , called Future-Banned Users -LRB- FBUs -RRB- .  People who were n't banned during the study , and did n't exhibit signs that suggested they would be in the future , were known as Never-banned users .  Researchers built an algorithm that can recognise a
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in London to promote his new film Avengers : Age of Ultron .  He had been on good form when the exchange started-in which , as arranged , he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster which premiered in Britain on Tuesday .  When asked about his relationship with his
The inscriptions were found in Naours-a two-hour drive north of Paris-and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme .  The site 's proximity to the battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance .  One inscription found in a rough-hewn passage 100 feet underground read :
Bruce Cook put up his ` realistic ' sculpture on Good Friday just for ` a bit of fun '  He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos .  The 59-year-old farmer has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he does n't take down his ` offensive ' hay bale structure .  The sculpture , made out of bales
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships .  The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council .
Peter Moore , 47 , received letter from HMRC last week telling him he had died .  Letter apologised for family 's ` recent bereavement ' and said officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough-or too much-tax .  He said : ` I do n't know how that kind of mistake could have been made '  Mr Moore 's wife Debbie , an accounts assistant ,
The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio .  This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours .  Lord Tony Hall , BBC director general , highlighted the decline .  Many people who used to listen to radio as a daily habit now turn to online streaming services such as Spotify for
Change4Life is promoting dishes with up to 29g of sugar per serving .  Banana and Apricot Bagel has more sugar than a bowl of Frosties .  Two other dishes , Banana Muffins and Sultana Bread and Butter Pudding , contain 25g .  Cardiologist Dr Aseem Malhotra said he found the advice ` disturbing '
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan from Leeds .  The loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances .  The 19-year-old has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year .
Chase Culpepper , 17 , who was born male but now identifies as female , was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year .  Under the terms of the settlement , a state agency has agreed to handle such cases differently .
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $ 9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23,2014 .  State police say the female suspect then racked up $ 4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan 's name in New Haven , Connecticut .  Sullivan , who had lung cancer , was informed of the fraud while fighting for
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension if he starts the remaining seven matches of the season .  The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer .  The 31-year-old has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness .  He will be one game closer to winning a new contract at St James ` Park .
Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , claims Harvey Weinstein groped her .  She claims he asked her for a kiss and put his hand up her skirt .  Weinstein , 63 , denies the accusations , but recorded conversation shows he did not deny .  ` He did n't deny doing what she said he did to her , ' it has been claimed .  She also convinced him
A nine foot bull shark was captured swimming past a condo back yard on Hickory Island , in Bonita Springs , Florida .  Residents say fishermen have been throwing bait into the water nearby are luring the animals back .  Bull sharks are considered among the deadliest sharks in the world , and are among the most likely to attack humans .  Homeowners are calling for the city to designate
Nico Rosberg is too polite to say what he finds irritating about Lewis Hamilton .  The Mercedes team-mate is locked in the battle of his career .  Hamilton has dominated this season and has got pole in every race this season .  The 1982 world champion attended pre-season testing with friends but rarely goes to races and does not give interviews .  Nico is rarely seen at races since being
Three players have been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease .  Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero is one of three players diagnosed .  Palmeiras reserve goalkeeper Aranha and young Santos striker Leo Cittadini have also been diagnosed .  Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions .
Andreas Lubitz , 27 , crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps .  Investigators have been scouring his computer to determine his state of mind .
Jimmy Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham 's Test wicket-taking record on Friday night .  Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies .  Botham was always larger than life and in your face , had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now .  Anderson would go unnoticed if he walked into a room . He shuns the limelight --
A sudden infection landed Madison Hurd , 16 , in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom .  Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons .  The stunning turquoise ball gown Hurd had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital
Maurice Van Ryn pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .  He is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off legals debts .  Under the new order he also has to pay his wife Louise up to $ 5,165 per month , until the property is sold .  He is undergoing a
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .  Arsene Wenger accused Chelsea of being purposefully defensive during the goalless draw .  But Jose Mourinho hit back , branding Arsenal 's 11-year wait for the Premier League title ` boring '  The Chelsea boss added : ` Boring , I think , is 10 years without a title . That 's very boring '  Chelsea are currently
Seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain seven different fillings .  There are only 50 fillings on offer for the chocolate bar .  Cadbury team worked with food artist Prudence Staite to create the bar .  Research showed Britons are be hesitant to try new flavours .
Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were ` totally unacceptable in British society '  Comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale , Rotherham and Oxford .  Tory minister said authorities had to ` get to the bottom of this '  He urged Asian communities to look into ` what might be going on that we do n't know
Jean Wabafiyebazu , 17 , was killed and his brother Marc , 15 , was arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday .  Dube 's lawyer , Curt Obront , called it a tragic case .  Dube and her family expressed condolences to the family of the other victim , Joshua Wright , who was shot to death inside the house .  Another man
Ashley Graham , 27 , is one of the stars of Lane Bryant 's new I ` m No Angel campaign .  The plus-size model says she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14 .  The Nebraska native says that growing up , she was told to look up to curvy icons like Marilyn Monroe and Jennifer Lopez .  Now in her late 20s , the
Passengers travelling between London and the Cotswolds could face hikes of up to 87 % .  From May 17 , customers will be forced to pay # 62.40 if they want to come home on one of these trains-an 87 % increase .  First Great Western insists the reason for the change is to bring the route in line with its other services .  It is also offering some customers
Matheryn Naovaratpong , from Thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved .  The two-year-old was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April .  Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain .  She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support .  By the time she passed away , she had
Andrew Mogni , 20 , from Glen Ellyn , Illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January .  He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20 , but he died on Sunday .  Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident .  Authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed .
Robyn Exton , 28 , is the founder of Dattch a dating app for lesbians .  She came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s .  But she struggled to meet someone so determined , Robyn came about creating the app .  She said : ` It 's really depressing because you start to realise that everything is completely dependent on money . I ca n't
Thousands of broken televisions , computers , microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to Africa because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin .  ` Millions of tonnes ' of the world 's e-waste are being dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana .  The UK contributed 1.5 million tonnes of waste to the staggering 1.6 Europe generated last year-putting it behind only Germany as
Burnell ` Bernie ' Mitchell , 61 , has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .  He founded An Noor Mosque in Acton where imam Abdul Hadi Arwani was a preacher until 2011 .  Mr Mitchell , from Jamaica , founded the mosque where Mr Arweni used to preach .  A 36-year-old man has been charged with his murder while a woman , 53 , was arrested this
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season .  The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has penned a two-year deal .  He has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side .
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa .  You could join if you can prove you ` re in the top two per cent of the population .  The quiz is based on the type of questions you could face if you sat a supervised IQ test .  A score of eight or above out of ten in the quiz below is an indicator that you could be
Lea Coligado , 21 , created Women of Silicon Valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York , to showcase the talents and stories of tech 's best and brightest women working within the industry .  The blog , like the one that inspired it , has attracted attention from the best in the business , including women-in-tech advocate Tracy Chou , a software engineer
June Whitfield , 89 , is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week .  Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace 's character Kat Moon , who is suicidal after struggling to deal with sexual abuse she suffered as a child .  Veteran actress said it was an ` absolute delight ' to work with Jessie Wallace .  She is best known for her
Moose Toys HQ in Melbourne has toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room .  Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape .  ` We ' re the Google of Australia and that 's how we see ourselves , ` said the company 's
Kell Brook takes on Frankie Gavin at London 's O2 Arena on May 20 .  Amir Khan 's promoter Eddie Hearn is set to fight Chris Algieri in New York .  Khan Snr says Brook could have had the fight if Hearn had toned it down .  He says : ` Instead of being patient he 's been so disrespectful '  Brook will be defending his world welterweight title against
Boeing 's ` Space Bins ' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments .  They can hold six standard-sized bags -- two more than the current set-up .  They have been tested by a group of ` frequent fliers ' who were hand-picked by Boeing .  Boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times with larger overhead bins .  Monarch Airlines and Thomson Airways have committed
Dr Alex Russell , a Sydney-based University lecturer , has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years .  He has completed a PhD on ` the taste and smell perception of wine '  Russell shares his top tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours .  The main skill wine experts have believes Russell , is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent
Steven Mathieson , 38 , stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer , 23 , in frenzied attack .  As she lay dead on the floor , he called two more vice girls over to his family home .  He raped them before they managed to flee while still naked .  He pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today .  The crimes occurred while he was left
The NSW State Emergency Service is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of NSW over the next two days .  The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning , mainly in Sydney metro area .  The Bureau of Meteorology has been issued for Sydney Closed Waters , the Hunter Coast , Sydney Coast , Illawarra Coast , Batemans Coast and Eden Coast .  Snow has started
Barcelona beat Real Madrid 85-80 in the Euro League on Thursday night .  Neymar led Brazil to a 1-0 win over Chile at the Emirates on Sunday .  The Brazil star 's sister Rafaella also watched the game .  Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division by points difference .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
There will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six .  Sunderland in 15th and Leicester in 20th as the battle for survival heats up .  Aston Villa drew 3-3 with Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday .  Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa scored against QPR .  Steve Bruce 's Hull are placed perilously above the drop zone in 17th with seven games remaining .  Burnley
PC Ronnie Lungu was singled out as ` a marked man ' by Wiltshire Police .  The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues .  His internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy .  It also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about him based on his colour violating his dignity .  The force-which has only 16 ethnic minority officers out of
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard , Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter .  Manchester City 's David Silva and Everton 's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods .  The players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday .  Arsenal
Girl , who has not been named but attends school in San Dimas , California .  Threats include pictures of her with threatening messages .  One reads : ` I ca n't wait till its -LSB- sic -RSB- just blood and tears '  Deputies from the Los Angeles County sheriff 's department are helping to guard her .
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama .  His mother , Brandi McGlathery , put his photo on Facebook after a pro-life group tried to post it to promote his story .  The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints .  Eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old .  Doctors hope to be
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up cash .  Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes .  Others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  The passenger door of the Brinks Armored Truck opened as it was moving .  It caused a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown
Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree on Thursday .  Glen Johnson , Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out .  Borini 's wife Erin O ` Neill declared her ' Hubby -LRB- is -RRB- looking dapper ` in an Instagram post while Borini was driving to the racecourse .  The Reds secured an FA Cup semi-final berth at Anfield on Saturday
Tanguy Pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon , had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon .  But at a track meet in Eugene , Oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate .  Simon 's time , 8 : 57.86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds .
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia .  Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year .  His wife Danica Weeks is still at a loss about what to tell her young boys .  Mr Barnett added the search has helped uncover ` features of the marine bed that many
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly .  Her father also mimics the mum 's pregnant walk in the background .  Teri O ` Neil recorded the video when she was six months pregnant .
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell was an officer at Lancaster CID in Lancashire .  She is accused of spying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times .  The 43-year-old also spied on his new girlfriend , a civilian police worker , 50 times .  Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data .  She also denies eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material .  Court heard she was
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million .  Promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for # 1.5 m live on television on Tuesday .  Scott will fight on July 18 at Manchester Arena .  It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight at the O2 Arena .  I have held talks with both Nonito Donaire , the
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C , it was found .  The weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight , exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly , according to a confidential report .  It was created for the requirements of the German armed forces but it is also used as an infantry weapon in
Michael Conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claim a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games alongside team-mate Paddy Barnes .  Both Belfast boxers were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night , with the pair needing victories to book flights to Rio
SeaWorld has been accused of ` false , misleading and deceptive business practices '  Lawsuit filed by Joyce Kuhl claims orcas are being kept in holding pools .  Claims they are being painted with zinc oxide to disguise the injuries .  Also alleges that chlorine used in their tanks is ` many times stronger than household bleach '  This is the second lawsuit filed against the Orlando park in less
Ceara Lynch , from Portland , Oregon , works as a professional ` humiliatrix '  She earns more than one dollar per minute indulging the subservient fantasies of men around the world .  The 28-year-old entrepreneur says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online ; her first pair sold for $ 70 .  Customers can also mail Ceara cash
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano .  The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid 's history to achieve the feat .  Ronaldo has netted an astonishing 18 times against Sevilla since signing in 2009 .  He has scored 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90 .  He has also scored 60 times in the
Real Madrid host Eibar in La Liga on Saturday at the Bernabeu .  Carlo Ancelotti says Gareth Bale will be rested for the game .  The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez .  Asier Illarramendi and Isco will probably play alongside Luka Modric .  Cristiano Ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his La Liga goalscoring record .  Sami Khedira and Fabio Coentrao have back and
The former British premier made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government .  He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg .  Ecologists fear a mining boom in the region could destroy sacred treasures .  The pine-covered Noyon Uul region has # 1.2 billion gold reserves but is dotted with the burial mounds of the rulers of the ancient Hun
Luis Suarez has revealed that he once sneaked into the Nou Camp with his wife Sofia for a photo opportunity .  The Uruguayan forward admitted that Real Madrid were ` very ' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca .  The striker opened up about the infamous bite on Giorgio Chiellini during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil .  He said : ` I let myself down ,
Feral rabbits , which are deemed a pest in NSW , are liekly to be targeted with the Calicivirus , also known as Rabbit haemorrhagic disease -LRB- RHD -RRB- , in May .  It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March .  Rabbits under one year old have a higher chance of surviving , but about 70-100 per cent of rabbits
Kevin Morgan , 55 , was injured when a Land Rover reversed into his Rover 75 .  He suffered whiplash , which developed into chronic pain syndrome and depression , his lawyers claim .  As his # 600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers , Direct Line Group .  Mr Morgan claims he is in so
Walnuts are rich in plant-based omega 3 fatty acids and antioxidants .  These have been shown to reduce the risk of age-related macular degeneration , and cognitive decline .  But iron from cashews is not as easily absorbed as iron from meat , says dietitian Dr Sarah Schenker .  Two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms .  Almonds are also rich in
Sirloin , topside and fillet are best saved for the roasting pan , chuck flank , rib-eye and skirt on the grill .  When stewing go for brisket , shoulder and ribs .  Asda 's study also showed a lack of beef knowledge in the under 35 's .  One in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef .  Only a mere 3 % of over 55s
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  ` J Flash ' Nichols impersonates the Filipino in mock interview .  Nichols mocks the 36-year-old 's Visayan accent and claims his mother uses Voodoo .  The mega-fight has been branded ` the biggest bout in boxing history '
Brazilian ace Neymar kneeing Luis Suarez where it hurts .  The former Liverpool striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona .  Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night .
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 on Sunday .  The German came from a set down to win the Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart .  Kerber is ranked 14th in the world and has previously won Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova .
Danny Lambo , 37 , paid for a # 10,000 chocolate bath in the home of Natasha Flynn , 29 .  The bespoke gift , which is now available to buy , costs # 1,000 each time to fill .  It is the first-of-its-kind bath made as an Easter treat for his ` queen '  The hotelier is known as ` Lambo ' because of his passion for Lamborghinis .
Bishop Robert Finn , 62 , of Kansas City-St . Joseph , pleaded guilty to failing to report a suspected priestly child abuser .  He is the highest-ranking church official in the U.S. . to be convicted of failing to take action in response to abuse allegations .  He was sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to child pornography .  Children 's rights advocates are urging Pope
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem .  Darron Gibson -LRB- stomach -RRB- is a doubt but Kevin Mirallas -LRB- dead leg -RRB- and Steven Pienaar -LRB- knee -RRB- are back in contention .  Steven Davis -LRB- groin injury on international duty for Northern Ireland .  Fraser Forster is out for at least
Newcastle host Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .  Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of the Magpies ` last three games .  The 31-year-old Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion .
Jonathan Trott returned to the England set-up for the first time since leaving last winter 's Ashes tour with a stress-related illness .  The Warwickshire batsman has spoken openly of his struggles since , but has slowly rehabilitated his career with both Warwickshire and the England Lions .  Sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters has worked with the 33-year-old and gave him the necessary tools to rebuild his England career .
Pilates instructor and YouTube star Cassey Ho has hit back at critics with a new video , The ` Perfect ' Body , which highlights the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused videos .  The 28-year-old California resident 's YouTube channel , Blogilates , has over two million subscribers .  In a post on her blog , Cassey said that the flood of nastiness in her comments section
The dog was found in a pool of his own blood in Cass County , North Dakota .  Wilford needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade .  The animal has been nursed back to health by a foster family .
Tina Sinatra , 66 , laughed when asked if Mia Farrow 's son Ronan was her brother .  She told him : ` could n't be . Frank had a vasectomy before that . I do n't know who son Ronan is '  Rumours about the parentage of her son Ronan , 27 , have long dogged the actress .  She said the legendary crooner was ` possibly 's his
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season .  Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday .  It was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law .  A report suggests the failure of London Mayor Boris Johnson and the London Legacy Development Corporation to obtain prior approval from the
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School in Leeton , 550km west of Sydney , at 11am on Easter Sunday .  She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding .  Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause .  It is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer .  Researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients .  They found that more than 500 women who had been treated with tamoxifen , and those that had drunk at least two cups of coffee a day
Republican Sen . Jason Smalley rewrote the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act to allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination .  Uber and Lyft already have policies that prohibit discrimination against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity .  ` Uber 's policy is to serve every neighborhood , every driver and every person who needs a ride , ' company spokeswoman said .
Former Great British Bake Off contestant , Iain Watters , is back to revive the Simnel cake .  The modern update has pistachio marzipan , and flavours the sponge with orange zest , chopped figs and nutmeg .
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election .  Experts said last night that a badly hung parliament , with neither major party able to form a stable government , would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent .  The sell-off could accelerate and spread to
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley when The Royals beat Huddersfield in the third round of the FA Cup .  The 10-year-old said he hoped The Gunners beat Reading .  The FA offered Ryan two tickets to watch the semi-final in the Arsenal end but he refused .
Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son Garnett-Paul Spears at a suburban New York hospital .  Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's .  feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging .  Spears ` lawyer Stephen Riebling said she was innocent and blamed the hospital for negligence as he revealed
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger 's third daughter Rana died during a stillbirth in 2012 .  Coroner James McDougall found that the midwife who assisted at the birth was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby .  The couple , who live in south-east Queensland , are adamant that the baby was stillborn .  The midwife changed whether there were any signs of life
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with the Australiana-themed Romance Was Born show .  Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection ` Cooee Couture ' at the Art Gallery of NSW .  The collection was filled with eccentric designs by Eastern Suburbs florist Sean Cook-aka Mr Cook Flowers .
Southampton host Hull City at St Mary 's -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic ruled out with ankle injury .  Steven Davis , Florin Gardos and Fraser Forster could return for Saints .  Steve Bruce yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor .  Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out .  Gaston Ramirez and Nikica Jelavic both unavailable for Saints
South Africa 's sports minister says he has received assurances from FIFA .  Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee in Zurich this week .  FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team 's warm-up games were fixed .  No players were implicated , but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj
The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed ` a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol '  Spartak were fined # 2,500 and had an appeal rejected .  Admission to Spartak 's fan sector for their next two away games was restricted to women and children .
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles on Thursday morning to pay a fine .  She felt contractions but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby , Malachi .  The mother-of-three was there to pay the fine when she suddenly knew he was coming and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in
With the average cost of the big day hitting # 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget .  From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills , FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips .  Do n't be afraid to search sites like Etsy and even eBay to save money .  Black vases will be on sale after Halloween , red and gold
Audrey Hepburn won the poll with over a quarter of the vote .  The Duchess of Cambridge , Kate Middleton came fourth in the British style stakes .  1960 's fashion icon Twiggy completed the top five .
The Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state where they told locals they were there to teach Islam .  Once a crowd had gathered around the men , the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles .  They then set fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families .  Comes as new pictures show how teenagers caught up
Thieves brazenly stole an ATM from a California gas station last Friday morning .  CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop .  One man distracts a cashier while another leads a cable to the ATM .  The ATM is then dragged across the tarmac and uprooted .  Two of the suspects have been described as white males with escape vehicle detailed as a white Ford
Luke Stanwick , 30 , has been left paralysed from the waist down .  He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son , Nathan .  The police officer , from Hailsham , East Sussex , broke his neck while on holiday .  He remains in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again .  His mother Stephanie Stanwick has flown from the UK to be by
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League next season .  The Hammers are currently first in the Premier League Fair Play Table .  The 60-year-old wants his side to qualify by finishing top of the Fair Play League .  West Ham will be playing at Upton Park for the last time next season before moving to the Olympic Stadium .  Teams are judged on the following
Rosie , 27 , models her new summer sleepwear collection for M & S .  Full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints .  Wearing a blue satin and white lace trim bra and knickers , Rosie oozed old Hollywood vibes in the retro inspired set .  The Devon-born model was inspired by all things oriental
Campaigners , police and MPs accuse Alison Saunders of ignoring rights of victims .  QC said it is her job to make ` very difficult decisions ' which are not necessarily popular .  But row showed no sign of abating as further details of claims levelled against the 86-year-old Labour life Peer were made public .  Ms Saunders ruled not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences because
Raymond Billam , 40 , claimed he was severely disabled due to back and knee problems .  Claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres and needed crutches to get around .  But fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for a Sunday League team .  In total Billam played over 87 games while dishonestly claiming incapacity benefit .  Grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was
Body of Charmain Adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath .  It is believed she had been lying for four days in a hotel room in Ghana .  Husband Eric Isaiah Adusahs , a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher , is being held in police custody in the African country on suspicion of murdering his wife .  The couple were married in September
James Milner 's current deal at Manchester City expires in June .  Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void left by Steven Gerrard .  Milner will make a decision on his future at the end of the season .  Arsenal and Everton have also expressed interest .
Gary Barlow revealed to MailOnline that Jason is excited to come and see his former bandmates on their new tour-opening in Glasgow on April 27 .  He said : ` He wants to come to the shows , he 'll definitely be there . I do n't think we 'll be able to get him up on stage but he 's be there '  Gary said he was surprised by
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day .  He says he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself .  She suffers from Alzheimer 's and used to get lost when she was left alone .  He says that he feels like he has a duty to care for her in return
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income taxes , according to a report from the Citizens for Tax Justice .  CBS made $ 1.8 billion in U.S. . profits last year and received a $ 235 million tax rebate .  Jetblue , PG & E , PEPCO Holdings and Ryder used accelerated depreciation , a tax break that allows companies
The question was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad .  People across the world have been baffled as they try to solve the puzzle .  At first the question appears impossible to answer without a bit of extra information .  But we know Cheryl has already told Albert the month of her birthday , and Bernard the day .  This allows reasoning to be used
The orchid has evolved a so-called lip-a large and irregular modified petal , to attract insects .  Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins .  They converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing .  Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them
Vincent Viafore , 46 , was on the rough Hudson River with his fiance Angelika Graswald .  He was thrown in on Sunday evening and was unable to get back into the kayak .  His partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat .  She was treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found .  On Monday she asked
Tim Sherwood is confident Aston Villa can secure their Premier League survival with five games remaining .  The Villa boss replaced Paul Lambert in February .  Villa face Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday .
Residents from Fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago , were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could .  Buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night .  Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed , while the other 33 have
Jaime Hessel called an UberX car to get to a fundraising pub crawl for cancer .  But when she got in the car she found the driver was distracted .  He cut across lanes and even drove down a bus lane until she demanded to be let out early .  After receiving her initial bill of $ 56.40 , she immediately e-mailed Uber Support to complain she had been overcharged
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane 's Magistrate Court on Thursday .  The 17-year-old allegedly racially abused a security guard on a Brisbane train .  He was jailed in January for allegedly spitting on and racially abusing a train guard .  He was charged with numerous offences , including serious assault , creating a disturbance and racial vilification .  The teenager has re-appeared in court a number of times
Shane Dunn , 25 , from Tunbridge Wells , stabbed victim Ian Garrod , 55 , in the neck .  Dunn , who was high on Class A Mephedrone , then left the 55-year-old in fear of his life .  He then fled with his victim 's wallet , iPhone , iPad and jewellery .  Dunn even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim , but instead left him
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd , who was shot six times in the chest and back on June 17,2013 .  Hernandez 's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm .  Following tomorrow 's closing statements , the jury will deliberate on their verdict .
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against Aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores .  Aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharg .  Some stores still do not
Militants fighting for Boko Haram have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .  The images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group 's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles .  The slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases .  Comes as Nigerian soldiers backed by
Poul Thomsen , the IMF 's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country 's bailout .  The fund 's European chief reportedly told his executive board that negotiations were not going as hoped .  Greece this week repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more
Jamie Silvonek , 14 , is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , a prosecutor said .  Her boyfriend , 20-year-old Caleb Barnes , who is from El Paso , Texas , but was stationed at Fort Meade , Maryland , is charged with homicide .  The teen 's attorney , John
John Shipton 's two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street , Newtown in Sydney 's inner west , was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million .  The Wikileaks Party founder managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on Wednesday .  The home was originally built in the 1870s as the servant 's quarters to a Victorian villa next door .  It was
Eden Hazard has scored 19 goals in all competitions so far this season .  The Chelsea winger is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer .  Hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for Queens Park Rangers defender Rio Ferdinand 's ` 5 ' magazine .  Hazard fooled his marker with step-overs , a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a
Steven Finn hit back at critics who say he should be hitting the 90mph mark .  The Middlesex seamer was sent home midway through England 's disastrous Ashes tour that ended in 5-0 defeat early last year .  The 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of a dismal World Cup run .  He has vowed to regain his place in the squad for next summer 's Test challenges against
Bedlington lurcher Twiglet suffered ` serious hallucinogenic episode ' after eating drugs .  The four-year-old dog was left behaving strangely after eating the drugs .  Vet Nick Fisher , 31 , from Leintwardine , Shropshire , said he thought he was being chased .  After 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls he seems to be back to normal .  Father-of-one believes his
Pink top , # 125 , lkbennett . com .  Mondrian dress , # 220 , josephribkoff . com .  Ray-Ban sunglasses , # 135 , Amazon . co . uk .
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy .  Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can discourage rodents .  The presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away .  But Amazon is now apparently offering a solution-by allowing you to rent a goat .  Rent-a-Goat say its hooved ` grass
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer , and if he is , he will have left little behind .  City suffered their fifth defeat in seven matches at the Etihad Stadium .  There is no particular desire at the club to sack the Chilean .  City players think he is too nice -- a soft touch who does not inspire with words or his substitutions
Chelsea will announce the signing of Nathan on Wednesday .  The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week .  The attacking midfielder passed a medical on Tuesday .  Nathan joins Willian , Ramires , Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge .
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table .  The Red Devils have played the same amount of games since November 23,2013 .  City 's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night saw them trail United by a point .  The last time this had happened United sat sixth on 20 points , one ahead of then ninth-placed City after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign
Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema must all be accommodated , leaving little choice but to play a 4-3-3 .  Diego Simeone will flood the midfield on Tuesday night to see if his 4-4-2 with Arda Turan , Mario Suarez , Gabi and Koke ca n't over-run Rodriguez , Luka Modric in midfield .  It 's the chance for last season 's beaten finalists to avenge their victors
Beckle-Raymond 's North London home was left a wreck thanks to cowboy builders .  They had been called in to fix a leak in the family 's home .  Instead , they left Phillip , his wife Gaby and their two young children .  They were left with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house .  As a result , rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse
Sir David Nicholson was branded the ` Man with No Shame ' after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths .  The lifelong bureaucrat had led the West Midlands Strategic Health Authority .  He retired in April last year with a pension pot worth almost # 2 million .  His replacement drew up a # 30billion five-year rescue package called Forward View .
The classic Anzac biscuit recipe features rolled oats , desiccated coconut , and golden syrup as the primary ingredients .  FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic ANZAC recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version ... and even a raw recipe .  ` Anzacs should always have a chewy , almost tooth-cracking quality ... to get this result without sugar
Joe Root becomes the second fastest Englishman to reach 2,000 Test runs .  Root reached the milestone aged 24 years , 115 days .  Sachin Tendulkar was 401 days quicker than Root .  Marlon Samuels gave Ben Stokes a salute after being dismissed .
The remains of high school teacher Stephanie Scott have been formally identified .  The 26-year-old 's burned body was found five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , on Friday .  A post-mortem has been completed and a report is in the hands of the coroner .  Ms Scott disappeared from Leeton , a town in the Riverina region of NSW .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .  They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .  As a train pulls up , both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage .
Rory McIlroy bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam .  Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February .  Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler .  Justin Rose , Ian Poulter , Lee Westwood and Henrik Stenson will fancy their chances at Augusta National .  Dustin Johnson and
The GBAD system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle .  Once drones are spotted , it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser .  Spotter vehicles and a control car will allow the system to operate anywhere .
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s .  The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac , Yorkie , Rolo , Toffee Crisp , Aero and even Polo .  The tradition of Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life and
The Oscar-winning actor appeared on Finding Your Roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner .  He said : ` His name was Benjamin Cole-lived in Georgia on my Mom 's side about six generations back '  His mother , Chris Anne , had featured in the show , not because her ancestor benefited from indenture , but because she had been a Freedom Rider .  Affleck
Kristopher Hicks , now 27 , was on his way home with his girlfriend in 2010 .  Mr Young , 56 , mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to ` do a runner '  He decided to drive Mr Hicks back to rank to teach him a lesson .  But when Mr Hicks objected , the driver continued on for almost a mile .  He suffered devastating brain injuries ,
Manuel Delisle allegedly threatened a family with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage after the family attempted to follow him to record his license plate .  Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children .  After the video was posted to Facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views .
Steven Thompson accidentally speared team-mate John McGinn with a pole .  The St Mirren striker was doing a dribbling drill when he lost possession .  Thompson stumbled into two poles which were intended for the players to run through .  The Scotland Under 21 star will now miss the rest of the season .  Thompson scored two goals in Saints ` 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday .  But he
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera in Iceland .  He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was woken by howling .  He spotted a female and male fox copulating , but the pair were n't alone-a third Arctic fox lurked nearby .  Without warning the single fox emerged and began to growl and howl at the pair .  Wiggling free , the female
Prime Minister was giving campaign speech in south London when he made the gaffe .  He said he had been ` overcome by something ' , adding : ` I do n't know what happened to me , it was just one of those things '  Mr Cameron said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich in 1982 European Cup final as a child .
Talented toddler has become an internet sensation in China .  She carefully balances three small bowls on her head .  She carefully spins around to the music in an adorable attempt at what appears to be a traditional Uyghur dance .
Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension .  He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto , due to be published tomorrow .  Move will lead to fears it could again put the future of the Union at risk .  Critics fear that it could lead to the SNP and Labour veering increasingly to the Left .
A 66-year-old man has been charged with a ` breach of the peace ' and public nuisance .  He allegedly set an Australian flag on fire at the Shrine of Remembrance in Brisbane 's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon .  The man was taken into custody and charged with one count of public fuisance .  He will face Brisbane Magistrates Court on Saturday morning .  Anzac Day commemoration services will
276 Nigerian schoolgirls were kidnapped from their school by Boko Haram militants last year .  Michelle Obama and Angelina Jolie lent their support to # bringbackourgirlscampaign .  But a year later , more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity .  Children as young as four are being used as cooks , porters and look-outs .  Others are trained to fight , forced to be suicide bombers or sold
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son Mikaeel to death in January last year .  She then stuffed his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Kircaldy , Fife .  His death came just six months after he was returned to his mother 's care .  Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years .  Review into whether care teams could or should
Video shows Galaxy S6 Edge bending under 110lbs -LRB- 50kg -RRB- of pressure .  Samsung has responded with a three-point bend test on both models .  The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade .  It has since been criticised by Samsung for ` bendgate '  The South Korean firm famously poked fun at Apple 's iPhone 6 Plus .  The firm also tested the HTC One M9 both
Comedian Dom Joly jumped off yachts in Brazilian waters .  Joly , 47 , was trained by Tom Daley for TV show Splash .  Joly was joined by Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing for sixth leg of the race .  The six-strong fleet is taking place from Itajaí to Newport , Rhode Island , U.S. .  The 41-year-old Volvo Ocean Race started last October from Alicante , Spain .  It will
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC 's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding '  The winning duo-announced next Monday-will tie the knot at Elvis Presley 's Graceland Wedding Chapel at the Westgate Hotel on Thursday , April 23 .  Along with the singer 's former wife in the audience , the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday night .  The Frenchman came on as a substitute in Manchester City 's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace .  City are now nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are willing to use the midfielder as bait in a deal to sign Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba .  The 22-year-old was on Manchester United
Landlords Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each at Sheffield Crown Court .  A doctor 's wife and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats .  Workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column .  Three people were injured and 20 students were left homeless .  One of Sheffield 's main arterial roads was closed for a day after the accident .  Health
Don the border collie was driving the tractor on to the M74 in South Lanarkshire .  He leaned on the controls of the vehicle before crashing through a fence .  The vehicle then crashed into the central reservation of the carriageway .  Don was unhurt in the incident but the incident caused major tailbacks .  Traffic Scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that a dog had ` taken control of a
The model credited with being the world 's first ever hatchback was the Renault 16 .  It was designed to help French farmers transport their sheep to market .  Now it accounts for a staggering two thirds of all new cars sold in the UK .  Seven of the top ten sellers last year-including the top five-are classed as hatchbacks .  Britain 's answer to the pioneering Renault was the
Siem de Jong has been sidelined for eight months with a collapsed lung .  The midfielder played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under-21s on Wednesday .  The 26-year-old is hopeful of returning to the first-team .  De Jong has made just three senior appearances for the club .
Aaron Siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14 .  Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the shooting .  A billboard featuring Torres and his dog has been erected in Kenosham , Wisconsin .  Siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful '
Republican Gov . Sam Brownback is likely to sign the bill .  Kansans are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare .  They will be limited to withdrawing $ 25 in cash per day for the first time .  State Sen . Oletha Faust-Goudeau called it ` ludicrous ' and ` outrageous '  But state Sen . Michael O ` Donnell said public assistance should be spent '
A graphic on NBC 's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as ` Lauren '  The flub by a graphics person , made on the East Coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online .  Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for # 3.5 m from Fluminese .  The Brazilian has not been able to play for the club without a work permit .  The 22-year-old has now been granted a Spanish passport .  He can now play for any team in the European Union .  Wellington has also played at Almeria , Levante , Alcoyano , Ponferradina and Murcia .
Benik Afobe has scored 31 goals for MK Dons and Wolves this season .  The 22-year-old is just one ahead of Tottenham 's Harry Kane .  Kane has five games left in the Barclays Premier League with Spurs .  The striker says he feels ` unstoppable ' as he bids to become the country 's top scorer .  The former Arsenal man is expected to make his 50th appearance of
` Marilyn Einstein ' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines .  At normal viewing distance , healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on Einstein 's face , causing the brain to disregard Marilyn Monroe 's image altogether .  Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the
A number of pages , written in Arabic , have reportedly been found on the social media site .  They are said to be advertising ` reliable ' and ` comfortable ' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $ 1,000 per person .  Discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone .  EU leaders have now agreed a package of measures to
Benik Afobe scored the only goal of the game in a 1-0 win at the DW Stadium .  James McClean was sent off in injury time for a second bookable offence .  The Latics will have to face Brentford next weekend without Brentford 's star man .  Wolves have won just one of their last eight games in the Premier League .  Kenny Jackett 's side need three points to
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK , including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia .  The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages .  ` Customers ' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant .  The migrants -- desperate for a foothold in Britain -- then
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front , sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand .  Kenton Lee , from Nampa , Idaho , came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small .  Children 's feet grow incredibly quickly with those aged between two and six going
Patients at Wolfson Children 's Hospital are able to remotely play with abandoned animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter .  Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them .  The toys include a long ` tail ' that swings from side to side
Sherlock star challenged to table tennis match by Chinese ping pong legend .  Deng Yaping beat the actor despite playing with a wooden spoon .  Cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series .  His skit with Deng went down a storm with the audience .
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches .  Celtic wrote to the SFA in the aftermath of last weekend 's defeat to Inverness , seeking ` to understand ' how Steven McLean and his assistants failed to act on the Meekings incident .  Deila says referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships .  Inverness
Japanese cooking show , Miniature Space , has taken the internet by storm .  Cooked on tiny hobs and mini pans , the viewer only sees the hand of the chef as they chop , dice , boil and fry various ingredients .  Using a tiny cutter the chef cuts out a circle of bread before flattening it out with the palm of his hand .  Then uses minute tongs
Gloriavale , a New Zealand settlement of around 500 , has come under increasing scrutiny following abuse allegations .  Several ex-members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying-sometimes involving underage girls .  A former member , Miracle , told Daily Mail Australia that abuse victims were often blamed for their situations .  ` Julia ' said she was the victim of a ` wrong
The video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups and a marker pen .  He selects an afro and then stacks a third cup , which has outfits drawn on it .  He then selects a shirt , a t-shirt and a bikini before deciding on a pair of glasses .  The filmmaker claims to be influenced by Japanese comics .  According to one Reddit user there are
Stuart McCall guided Rangers to a 2-1 win over Hearts on Sunday .  Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored the goals for the Gers at Ibrox .  The win moved Rangers back into second place in the Scottish Championship .  The Gers boss says he was warned not to take over by Walter Smith .  But he says he is pleased that he took the risk in the end .
University of Southern California senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell presented Fannie Randle with a $ 21,000 check last Monday for a brand new car .  Ms Randle , who has worked at the USC sorority house for 24 years , was driving every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape .  The housekeeper threw her hands in the air with joy
West Indies cricketer Devendra Bishoo will play against England .  The leg-spinner will return to action at the National Stadium in Grenada .  Peter Moores ` current side have yet to face a frontline leg-Spinner in Tests .  West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed the 29-year-old will play .
Sam Allardyce has told West Ham co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on their form in 2015 alone .  West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year .  The Hammers have already beaten last year 's total by two points with seven games to spare .  Sullivan said the last 12 games have been ` exceedingly disappointing
A bathing box by the beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276,000 .  The 2.4 m x 2.0 m size box was bought by five bidders at auction on Saturday .  The winning bidder paid $ 150,000 over the original asking price .  The bathing boxes were first constructed in 1862 .  A mechanic 's garage in Paddington , Sydney , was sold for $ 1.2 million
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night .  Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers had already gone cold on the Italian .  Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings but had hoped he would be maturing with age .  Liverpool missed out on Alexis Sanchez last summer and instead paid # 16m to sign the Italy international
Leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them .  But a footnote said : ` This is not recyclable '  Earlier this year , residents in the Stratford district were named as among the best recyclers in England .
The bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans .  One said : ` How dare you make the execution of Black men in America the butt of your jokes '  Another quipped : ` What 's funny ? Black people being killed ? Explain yourself '  Others described the tweet as ` deplorable
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday .  The 21-year-old has now scored 20 Premier League goals this season .  Kane is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award .  Tottenham beat Newcastle United 3-1 at St . James ` Park on Sunday .  Eden Hazard completes the top three with a score of 38.5 .  Nacer Chadli , Jesus
Detective Sergeant Stephen Phillips and police constables Christopher Evans , 37 , and Michael Stokes , 34 are all facing charges of ` theft by a serving police officer '  The three officers were all arrested as a result of an investigation by South Wales Police 's professional standards department .  They were released on bail to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15 .
The Champions League semi-final line-up has been confirmed .  Real Madrid and Juventus won on Wednesday to join Barcelona and Bayern Munich in the last four .  We asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season 's competition .  Lionel Messi , Luis Suarez and Neymar are the front three for Barcelona .  Bayern Munich beat Porto 2-1 in the quarter-final to reach the semi-finals .
NBC 's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3 , with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers .  The drop comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the Iraq War in 2003 .  NBC remains ahead for the season with an average of 9.2 million total viewers compared to
Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline .  Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead .  Tosin Adarabioyo was a commanding presence at the heart of defence .  Kean Bryan pulled back bravely but missed a glorious chance to tie things up .  Aaron Nemane pulled up injured but failed to find the final , killer ball .  Isaac Buckley-Ricketts produced
The Queen , who is approaching her 89th birthday , was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony , Carltonlima Emma .  She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in the beautiful park close to her Windsor Castle home on Monday .  Today 's second riding partner , Lord Vestry , is the Queen 's Master of the Horse .  The multi-millionaire , 72 ,
Arsenal have won seven on the spin in the Premier League this season .  But never have they entered the race for the top-flight crown ?  This term they are simply the best of the ragged rest .  Arsene Wenger 's side have not conceded more than once since New Year 's Day .  Wenger needs no more Mesut Ozils , no more Santi Cazorlas or Tomas Rosickys .  The
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid .  The Spain international signed a five-year deal at Juventus last summer .  Morata has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this season .  His agent Beppe Bozzo says Morata wants to continue his development .
Apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit , the Conservation Fund , to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast .  The initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. . operations with renewable energy to reduce carbon emissions .  The new solar project in China has a capacity of 40 megawatts , which
Gerard T . ` The Frenchman ' Ouimette , 75 , was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders , ` ran ' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s .  He had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis , according to a Rhode Island State Police report .  He was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible
Manuela Arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday 's show .  The Colombian-born model broke down in tears and ` wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear '  Producers decided not to punish her , and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break .  She said : ` I think my mistake was the most expensive
Doug Hughes , 61 , made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of Congress -- and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn .  Hughes ` wife , Alena , said she is proud of her husband and said he is a ' patriot `  The mailman was arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with
The rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel .  It features handwritten notes instructing artists on correct colours to use when recreating the submarine .  Yellow Submarine , written by Paul McCartney and sung by Ringo Starr , had featured on the 1967 album Revolver and spent
The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3 million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday 's Tory manifesto launch .  But housing associations responded furiously -- with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ` right to steal '  One -- David Cowans of Places for People -- takes home an astonishing # 432,928 , including bonuses and five others are on # 250,000-plus .
Wolves drew 1-1 with Ipswich at Molineux in the Sky Bet Championship .  Wolves striker Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season to salvage a draw .  Richard Stearman scored a 21st-minute own goal to keep Wolves in the play-off hunt .  Nouha Dicko had been left out of the starting line-up for the previous game at Middlesbrough and looked like he had a point to prove .
Saracens take on Racing Metro in the European Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday .  The flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon he is prepared to play the game .  Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall described Burger as ` unique among rugby players ' , praising his willingness to ignore risks to his own wellbeing
Lydia Ko shot a 1-under 71 at the ANA Inspiration on Thursday .  The 17-year-old equalled former world No 1 Annika Sorenstam 's record of 29 under par rounds in a row .  The New Zealander started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year .  Ko also won the Women 's Australian Open winner in February the week before
Using radar measurements from Nasa 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , researchers have been able to identify thousands of glacier-like formations on Mars .  They can see how thick the ice is on the radar images .  They are located on Mars between latitude 30 and 50.0-equivalent to just south of Denmark 's location on Earth .  A thick layer of dust covers the glaciers , so they appear as the
Island , Por-Bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia .  It is unknown for certain what the rectangular island was used for when it was built 1,300 years ago .  Historians and scientists are divided , but some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead of imprisoning them .  Experts say the island
Daniela D ` Addario 's body was found in the boot of her Hyundai Getz on Wednesday night .  The 35-year-old was reported missing by her concerned family members in the ACT on Monday .  Her boyfriend , Josaia ` Joey ' Vosikata , 27 , has been charged with her murder .  He was arrested in the Bermagui area at about 4.30 pm on Thursday after fleeing into bushland
Roberto Carlos has revealed his desire to become Brazil manager .  The 42-year-old has worked with several top managers as a player .  Carlos won the 2002 World Cup and the Champions League with Brazil .  The former Real Madrid defender claims he finds coaching ` easy '
Scientists at the University of Barcelona calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive , based on the laws of conservation of energy seen on Earth .  From this , he calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs -LRB- 300kg -RRB--around the size of a polar bear .  And if they exist , he believes intelligent aliens typically weigh more than 650 lbs .
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe .  It is the second time Sterling has been seen smoking from a shitha pipe .  It is not an isolated incident and he will be lecture on the dangers of nitrous oxide when he meets with Brendan Rodgers tomorrow .  It is more of a health issue than an image issue for the 20-year-old .  He did
Sevilla came from behind to beat Zenit St Petersburg 2-1 in the Europa League .  Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead before Carlos Bacca equalised .  Denis Suarez then completed the comeback with a stunning volleyed effort .  In Ukraine , Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev .
Alastair Cook 's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on .  Cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing Shannon Gabriel on for 76 .  Yet it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 Test hundreds cannot drive the ball .  Cook has struggled when he has looked to make runs with shots that he rarely employed before .  He
National Grid has revealed the UK 's first new pylon for nearly 90 years .  Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons .  But it is able to carry just as much power-400 , 000 volts .  It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes .  The new tower will be built at their Eakring training academy
Donald Trelford 's son Ben was born when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy was 76 .  Claire was 76 when Poppy came along last May , making him the oldest British new father .  He is now the oldest living British father .  Claire and Peter Stringfellow are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter .  They have two children , one of whom is a son ,
Bruce Davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald ` Shorty ' Shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972 .  The parole board cited his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in March last year .  Gov . Jerry Brown rejected that decision in August , saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the
Violet , Countess of Grantham may return in new American show The Gilded Age .  The show is being made by the US network NBC .  It will be set among the high society families of New York in late 19th Century .  Sources at NBC said last week the network ` is buzzing ' about the show .
The likes of Morgan Schneiderlin , Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted by the Premier League 's top clubs .  Sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ` step up ' this summer .  Danny Ings is out of contract at Burnley and will only receive a modest compensation fee for him .  Louis van Gaal 's side face competition from Manchester United and Liverpool .
West Indies bowled out for 399 on day two of the World Cup in Antigua .  Chris Jordan dismissed Darren Bravo for 10 early on , but not everyone was impressed .  Shiv Chanderpaul 's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days .  Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare when he was struck on the right hand while fielding at leg slip and fell to the ground
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630 th race at Sandown Park .  The 20-time Champion Jockey has had more than 4,300 winners .  McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times .  He was given the trophy for the final time today by former Arsenal player Ian Wright .  McCoy was joined on stage by his wife Chanelle and daughter Eve and son
A goat in Paramus , New Jersey , was found headbutting a door in the wealthy community .  The animal was captured by three policemen in the middle of a roadway .  The goat was not injured in the incident .  Police are still working to find the owner of the goat .  Comments on social media suggested that the animal could have been fleeing the prospect of being someone
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka .  It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists .  The # 1.49 -LRB- $ 1.99 -RRB- iOS app keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person 's location and flights .  Users enter details of the airports they are flying from and the date they are travelling .  Using the
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson go out in the penultimate group at 6.48 pm -LRB- BST -RRB- on Friday .  The world No 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71 .  He finished seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth .  World No 1 is bidding to complete a career grand slam at Augusta .
Robert Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center .  He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana-one of possessing a . 38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction and another of possessing the firearm along with an illegal drug : about 5 ounces of marijuana .  Durst pleaded guilty to two federal charges in 2004 :
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the Shell Houston Open on Thursday .  A bruising Florida swing last month saw the Englishman fall outside the world 's top 10 .  Rose 's solution to his miserable form -- three missed cuts and a 55th-place finish at the Cadillac Championship in four PGA Tour starts -- was the time-honoured one .
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago .  Much of it involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way .  Shigeru Miyagawa , Professor of Linguistics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , says the hierarchical complexity found in present-day language is likely to have been present in human language since
Two pupils have been suspended after a schoolgirl 's drink was spiked .  The schoolgirl was left needing urgent medical treatment at Hounsdown School .  She unwittingly downed the potentially lethal liquid during a science lesson .  Tests reportedly showed the water bottle had been contaminated with hydrochloric acid .  The acid is a highly corrosive solution of hydrogen chloride and water .  If it contacts the skin it can
Facinet Keita , 31 , was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics when he was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the Men 's + 100 kg .  He claimed his failure to win a medal meant he ` would be murdered ' if he returned to his native Guinea .  Mr Keita said he decided to go on the run after losing to an opponent from the Pacific
Van carrying football fans was travelling on a busy road near Salé , Morocco .  It veered across two lanes of the road before toppling on to one side at high speed .  Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van .
Kaka hit the gym to prepare for Sunday 's trip to Portland Timbers .  The Brazilian posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance .  Orlando City have lost three of their last three games without a win .  Kaka has not scored since scoring in the first game of the season .
Winchester Council said annual clean-up hit by new rules .  Health and Safety Executive said council were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .  Sir Andrew Motion accuses town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside .  Roadside litter has become a problem almost everywhere in the UK .
There are now 1.02 million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours .  This compares to 4.58 million women who more commonly work part-time .  It follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers .  Men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time .  Recruitment experts say the rise in pre-tirement is a trend where older
Jose Mourinho has warned Chelsea 's next generation that he cannot use them all at once .  Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been part of the first-team at Chelsea and is set to get his chance next season .  Strikers Isiah Brown , 18 , and Dominic Solanke , 17 , are earmarked for big things .  Chelsea beat Manchester United 4-0 in the FA Youth League final .  John Terry was
Robert De Niro , 71 , has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party .  He said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be ` no surprises '  In an interview with the Daily Beast , the Goodfellas star said she had ` paid her dues '  He added : ` She 's a woman , which is very important because
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes , who lost a leg each in the blast , have joined the appeals calling for Dzhokar Tsarnaev to be sentenced to death or life in prison .  The couple said : ` If there is anyone who deserves the ultimate punishment , it is the defendant . However , we must overcome the impulse for vengeance '  The family of an eight-year-old boy ,
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby since joining in January .  The experienced striker has been out of favour with Paul Lambert and Steve McClaren .  Bent is on loan at Aston Villa until the end of the season .  Tim Sherwood is in charge at Villa Park and is keeping his options open .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Luis Suarez scored twice in the 67th minute to make it 400 Champions League goals .  Lionel Messi 's 75 goals are joint-most in the competition with Cristiano Ronaldo .  Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992 .  The Spanish giants have scored the most against AC Milan -LRB- 22 -RRB- , followed by
The 37-year-old rapper appeared on Paper magazine 's April issue , less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the magazine .  He said that if there was an Illuminati , ` it would be more like the energy companies ' - not Hollywood stars .  ` I am tired of people pinpointing musicians ... that 's ridiculous , ' he said . ` We do
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself in the head at his St Louis home on February 26 , according to new police reports on his death .  Police said he had talked for years of taking his life but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself .  Police said they have found nothing to suggest the death was anything other than a suicide .  The GOP candidate
Chris Roberts , who works for security intelligence company One World Labs , was pulled off his plane after it landed in Syracuse , New York , on Wednesday night .  He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems and did make a presentation at the event without the use of his electronics .  Roberts has been featured on the Fox News
Lib Dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art .  Admitted maths had not been his strong point as a youngster at Cradle Hill primary school .  Today he said : ` My grades were OK . I was a bit better at that than I was at maths and science '  Will use tomorrow 's manifesto launch to promise a ` stronger economy
Natasha Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee .  She received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space .  ` I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not HANDICAPPED ! The next time
King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law in Runnymede , Surrey .  But just a few hundred yards from the famous setting , dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town .  The group are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul 's Cathedral in 2011 .  The
The robot , called BB-8 , took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim , California .  It literally ran rings around the retro droid R2-D2 on its body .  JJ Abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how the robot works .  The robot 's body is a ball that allows it
Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds , the petite pistol measures just two inches long .  Weighing in at just 0.6 ounces , each gram of the tiny gun will cost # 230 .
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens .  Average one usually contains daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips .  Almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues than tending it .  Survey of 1,000 adults by garden furniture retailer Alfresia . co . uk .
Ed Miliband 's party has MPs in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in England 's top four divisions .  Only one club falls into independent hands : Bradford West , which holds Valley Parade , voted Respect leader George Galloway as their MP in a 2012 by-election .  At the top table , 18 of the 20 Premier League grounds are in constituencies held by Labour .  Only
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with Manchester United .  The Argentine forward is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at Old Trafford on Sunday .  He has hailed fellow South American Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby .
Miriam Gonzalez Durántez attended LDNY fashion show and WIE awards gala in London .  Her bright pink , long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms .  As if the flower pattern was not enough of a nod to spring , a yellow and pink corsage was pinned to her shoulder .  The outfit was accompanied by a # 560 pair of Gianvito Rossi Perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps .  She was
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night 's TV debate reveals viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show .  Five opposition party leaders went head-to-head in 90-minute BBC debate .  Labour 's Ed Miliband , SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon , Ukip 's Nigel Farage , Green 's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood .
Jack Butland has voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year .  Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be first England captain to win European Under 21 championship since Dave Sexton 's team won the trophy in 1984 .  Kane 's agent has called him to say he wanted to be part of the Three Lions team in June even though he has to go to
Jeff Dubois of KIRO , Washington , was reporting live from a semi-trailer truck that overturned on Friday morning .  The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3 : 30 a . m . when it tipped on its side , dumping its load of 448 hives , or about 13.7 million bees .  The driver , a 36-year-old man from Idaho , was not hurt .  The
Justice Diana Bryant said surrogacy laws need to be overhauled .  She believes that commercial surrogateacy is banned in Australia .  Her statement is backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases .  This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins .  The couple reportedly told staff they
Goncalo Amaral ran initial investigation into disappearance of Madeleine McCann .  He wrote book claiming Madeleine had died in an accident instead of being abducted .  Madeleine went missing from family 's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz , Portugal , in May 2007 .  Couple had been expected to receive around # 1million in damages .  Lisbon court ordered Amaral to pay them $ 250,000 -LRB- # 179,000 -RRB-
Sam Pearce , 24 , of Milton , Massachusetts , came to New York City to peruse a career in education , and soon after landing a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn , New York .  But just a few months after landing the job , the six-foot , green-eyed Brown University graduate was ` discovered ' on the subway by another model .  Mr . Pearce
Alexis Sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time .  It was a routine shot from Sanchez but the Australian stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp-an embarrassing gaffe .  Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties .  Alexis Sanchez McCleary scored in the 54th minute to send Arsenal
Pastor Aracely Meza , 49 , has been charged with injury to a child by omission .  She is accused of helping starve the two-year-old boy to rid him of a ` demon '  Witnesses said he was starved for 25 days , being given only water four to five times a day .  In the video , Meza is seen next to a man who appears to be her
Ian Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Salford 's home game against Castleford .  Salford are without Rangi Chase , Weller Hauraki , Cory Paterson and Darrell Griffin through suspension .  If Watson plays against the Tigers , he would become the oldest player currently in Super League .
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew has refused to rule Manchester City out of the title race .  Manchester City won the Premier League title last season after going top with one game to play .  City are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand .
Danielle Davies , 21 , insisted on a natural birth-not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby .  Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice .  Newborn Harley from Morecambe , Lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .  Danielle 's pregnancy was induced after doctors found she had a blood clot on
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against Briony Ingerson .  The Melbourne-based freelance presenter posted a photo of herself and a friend in blackface make-up on Instagram almost three months ago .  It was a tribute to a friend working on ` I ' m A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! `  The photo was part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother .  When the pair came across a dirt track road , the adult strolled on ahead .  When the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass .  Eventually he fell over and landed-trunk first-down in the mud .  The incredible moment was captured by reserve ranger
A third of Britons shun the storage possibilities of the internet .  10 per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos , letters and mementos .  Only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online .  Almost half -LRB- 45 per cent -RRB- rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents .
The man was found on the streets of Gniezno , western Poland , in February .  Told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from .  He has remained in a psychiatric unit , but his memory has yet to return .
Liverpool host Newcastle at Anfield in the Premier League on Monday .  Pictures from Monday show steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand .  Work on the expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season .  The new Main Stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators .  That will take the stadium 's capacity from 45,000 to 54,000 .
Footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark in Fort Pierce , Florida .  At that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac .  The plane 's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact .  The aircraft 's pilot , Chris Georgaklis , 85 , managed to
Akira Isogawa 's show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Sydney on Wednesday showed a full face of sequins .  Make-up teams were pictured backstage working together to apply thequins by hand one-by-one to models ` faces .  Hours after the show , models at Bondi Bather also showcased the sequinned beauty look .  Some models were embellished with just sequinns brows , while others sported an entire mask of face
Carter and Jack Hanson , who live in Raleigh , North Carolina , met Robert Harding , 89 .  Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the carrier in Charleston , South Carolina .
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first ` heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with humans without the need for safety fences .  It uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans .  This is down to integrated vision which lets it ` see ' human employees .  The robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs -LRB- 35kg -RRB- .  It could be
Newcastle manager John Carver has hit back at former Newcastle captain Michael Owen .  Owen captained the Magpies which was relegated to the Championship in 2009 .  Owen has been joined by the likes of Phil Neville and Jamie Carragher in criticising both the team and the lack of ambition at the club .  But Carver says he does not listen to those who have never tried management , including
The teacher , who had not been named , was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque , New Mexico .  Some students were so distressed by what they heard , that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher .  Mother Margie Brooks , whose son was in the class , said : ` The minute that allegation was made by these kids I
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall , 100-pound statue of the NSA whistle-blower in Brooklyn 's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning .  They spent six months and $ 30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the 31-year-old former government contractor who has been living in exile in Russia since 2013 .  The activists hoisted the unsanctioned bust to the top of a Revolutionary War memorial and secured
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai .  The three-time world champion is now chairman of Mercedes F1 .  He ended that session , as he did the first , behind Lewis Hamilton , his in-the-groove world champion team-mate who also markedly outperformed the German in the first two races , in Australia and Malaysia .  It
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001 .  He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to Cancun , Mexico , where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter .  Now a film about his life , True Story , starring James Franco and Jonah Hill , has been released .  He believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes .
A second person is dead and five are missing following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near Mobile Bay , Alabama on Saturday .  Authorities said on Sunday that one person was found dead on Saturday and a second was found on Sunday morning .  The 57th annual Dauphin Island Regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people .  Ten vessels were
Diego Maradona works on his fitness by taking part in boxing training .  The former Argentina forward has had gastric bypass surgery .  The 54-year-old has not worked since leaving Al-Wasl in 2012 .
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta , Canada .  Footage shows her plonking her front paws down on the keyboard .  Instead of classical music , Sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature .  Sadie puts one paw to her head before returning to tickle the ivories .  To date , the video of Sadie playing the piano has
The wondrous Tham Khoun Ex caves , known as Xe Bang Fai River caves , are a popular tourist destination in Laos .  With over 15km -LRB- nine miles -RRB- of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water , it really is one of Laos ` hidden treasures .  Visitors can either bring their own kayaks or rent boats from the local community to paddle deep inside the cave and
Manchester United take on local rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal says Robin van Persie is not fit enough to play .  The Dutchman has ruled out a potential return for Luke Shaw .  Van Gaal said : ` I dream of it . Every player should dream of the victory '  United have an opportunity to finish as high as second or third
Sian Harkin , 54 , signed cheques totalling # 30,000 to builder Lee Slocombe .  Claimed the work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth , Wales .  She claimed the money was to build a rain shelter for waiting parents at the school .  But the proposed work , which never materialised , was never ratified by governors .  Instead , work was done at
Stars such as FKA Twigs , Rihanna and Lady Gaga have worn the rings .  The septum ring was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes .  In Australia , Aboriginals used it to flatten their nose .  In the UK , America and Australia , it is mainly used as a fashion trend .
London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment .  Said more jobs were being created was ` one of the absolute moral triumphs ' of government .  Mr Johnson is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency .  Labour 's Stephen Pound accused the London Mayor of ` breath-taking cheek '
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana .  They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes .  Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes .  The lights could be off during taxiing but on during take-off , to help the birds move out of the way of the fast-moving planes .  The authors suggest
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to the Office of National Statistics .  There has been suggestion that football pundit Lineker or Take That singer Barlow
Fight broke out at Resorts World Casino in Queens , New York .  Patrons at bar opening reportedly turned on one another around 10pm .  Carnage spilled out into the parking lots , where police and security guards were called .  NYPD sources suggested that the violence was gang-related .
Lib Dem leader hopes to hold the balance of power after May 7 .  Says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ` going to work '  Says it would be a ` messy ' way to run the country and risk instability .  Warns future of the government put in peril with every late night vote .  Polls have put Tories and Labour almost neck
Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last June .  Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick .  The 22-year-old winger showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres to add to his early opener .  Kevin Brown and Patrick Ah Van scored tries for
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute .  Darren Bent equalised for Wigan in the 81st minute .  Steve McClaren 's side have now won their last eight games in the Championship .  The Rams are back in the play-offs for the first time since 2003 .
Scar Booth allows users to superimpose images of gory injuries to photos of themselves .  App 's description reads : ` Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating '  Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app .  BulliesOut , a Cardiff-based anti-bullying charity , hit out at the app .  Adam Fouracre , founder of Stand up to Violence , said
` She 's going to push some emotional thing on us , ' predicted student Hallie Corum in between classes .  Corey Jones , a graphic design student , is among those chosen to question Mrs . Clinton in a roundtable setting on Tuesday .  He said his teachers chose him to join a group of ` from 6 to 8 ' students whowill participate because ` I pay attention
Paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus , which lived around 75 million years ago .  It is thought that a relative of Tyrannosaurus rex may have indulged in cannibalism .  Some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs but others appeared to have occurred after death .  The new theory follows an analysis of skeletons of the
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ` mock war '  In the traditional ` war ' , the towers of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani church in the village of Vrontados are pelted with rockets and fireworks .  Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches in the Greek island of
Cesar Azpilicueta 's Chelsea sit top of the Premier League table .  Jose Mourinho 's men are six points clear of Manchester City with a game in hand .  Blues have won seven of their first eight games to take up first place early on .  Azplicueton says they have been top of table since ` day one '  The Spaniard believes they have shown their strength by staying top
Woman , 26 , claims she was sunbathing on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen .  According to friends of the woman , guards were preventing locals from going onto the sandy stretch , which is located in the tourist area of Quintana Roo .  According to her friends , she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about # 70 .  The beach , located in
The Prevention of Terrorism Act was passed in the capital Kuala Lumpur yesterday .  It allows authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without trial .  But it also allows for authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire .  That will be decided by a government-appointed terrorism board .  Human Rights Watch described it as ` a giant step backwards for human rights '  Authorities
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6 -LRB- 3 -RRB- 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off .  The US were beaten 3-2 by Williams and Alison Riske in the doubles rubber .  Williams said she was ` not as ready for the claycourt season as I thought I was '
President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks .  But he refused to call the mass killings a ` genocide ' for fear of offending ally Turkey .  Kim Kardashian said it was ` very disappointing ' that Obama stopped short of using the word .  The reality star said in an op-ed in Time magazine :
A quadriplegic , former Indy Racing League driver got a chance to drive on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course track Sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray .  When Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000 , his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again .  But he defied
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand Garden on May 2 .  The PacMan 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -LRB- # 1.5 m -RRB- .
Families on the High Green estate say they are being ` held to ransom ' by thugs .  CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at each other and cars .  They blatantly carry air rifles and BB guns through the estate .  Residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at .  A mother-of-three says she has been left ` terrified ' by the thugs .
The surrender of Confederate Gen . Robert E . Lee to Union Lt . Gen . Ulysses S . Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War .  Thursday 's commemoration in Appomattox , Virginia , included a reenactment of Lee 's last clash with Grant 's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9,1865 .
Ukip insist St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his dragon slaying skills .  He was a foreigner born in Turkey .  Economic spokesman Patrick O ` Flynn faced questions on whether St George 's Day .  He said : ` I ' m not particularly hung up on where St George came from `  Said it wanted to encourage more people to fly the St George
Shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD ?  It 's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style does n't suit you .  We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work -- and which absolutely do n't .  The unattractive shade of
Terry McCarty was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him .  The 29-year-old , from Hawthorne , Nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms .  He was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had
Nicky Law scored twice in Rangers ` 4-0 rout of Raith Rovers on Sunday .  Brighton , Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest .  Law is also the target of interest from Bolton , Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town .  Former Rangers starlet Lewis Macleod will almost certainly not kick a ball for Brentford this season .  The Scotland Under 21 star was expected to make a big
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark runs popular site How to Survive a Sleep Thief .  She has compiled a list of ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother .  They include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee .  She says : ` I ' m the one with the stitched up lady bits who did all the hard work `  She adds :
Fifteen police officers were injured Monday night in clashes with protesters in Baltimore , Maryland .  A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters .  A video of one intense interaction between a group of rioters and police showed a similar scene , though it 's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer .  Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake
Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $ 5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan .  The building is allegedly haunted by the ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski , who was killed in a 1932 Berlin car accident .  The Osborne is located in New York City 's Midtown neighborhood and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle , Central Park and Lincoln Center
Svetlana Lokhova , 33 , was driven to a breakdown by campaign of sexual harassment .  Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine addict and branded ` Miss Dodgy Septum '  Cambridge graduate won legal claim that she was the victim of sex harassment .  She was awarded # 3.14 million for lost earnings , # 44,000 for hurt feelings and # 15,000 in aggravated damages .  She said
Sarah Stage , a 30-year-old from Los Angeles , came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs .  But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday .  Sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot , which she shared on Sunday with her 1.6 million Instagram
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance .  They had been called to an address in Grimsby , Lincolnshire .  The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property .  They returned to find the girl , who has not been named , lying on top of each other
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , Classic by MKTO .  From lunges to push-ups , the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .  To date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times .
The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin , across Surrey , Sussex , Hampshire and Kent , could meet up to a third of Britain 's oil demand within 15 years , says consortium exploring the area .  Horse Hill Developments consortium made the discovery during test drilling in a well five miles from Gatwick Airport .  It is thought to have 158million barrels per square mile -- equating to
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  Muhammad Ali-Joe Frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s .  Ali famously won The Rumble in the Jungle in Zaire in 1974 .  Don King had Manila in mind as the next heavyweight stop for his globe-trotting circus .  Filipino President Ferdinand
Atletico Madrid technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender 's 2-2 draw with Malaga .  The 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and has yet to agree a new deal with the Spanish side .  Miranda has also been offered to Manchester United and Manchester City .  But both clubs are more interested in the Brazilian 's team-mates Diego Godin and Jose
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Dale Forrest , 26 , ballooned to 24 stone due to his unhealthy lifestyle .  He would drink 12 pints of beer followed by shots and sugary alcopops .  He was worried he would look like a ` beached whale ' next to his friends on holiday .  After seeing a photo of himself , he decided to ditch the booze .  He gave up fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways
Rahul Kumar , 17 , climbed into the lions ` enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad .  He began running towards the animals , shouting : ` Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me ! '  Luckily , he fell into a moat and could be rescued by security .  He has been cautioned and will be sent for psychiatric evaluation .
Tony Pulis says West Brom has ` gone off the rails ' in recent seasons .  The Baggies finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke .  They were in danger of the drop under Alan Irvine last season .  The manager wants to do extensive business in the summer market .
Architect and photographer Yener Torun , 32 , has lived in Istanbul for 14 years , aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the old Turkish city .  He captures the new , minimalistic buildings that add a splash of colour to the old city , as it contrasts with the ornate , Ottoman architecture .  Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold , geometric
Millions of Reddit users took to the subreddit in hope of pinpointing suspects .  But in the days after the bombings , they hurled false accusations at spectators .  Claims led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber .  Now , moderator of the thread , Chris Ryves , has told of his regrets in new documentary .  He says the thread ` nearly became ' its own
Rita , 24 , has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range .  Range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on May 1 .  Cites Marilyn Monroe as her ultimate postergirl .  Says she loves being able to create a product that has n't existed before .  Also recently unveiled a beauty range for Rimmel .  Says there 's ` a little something for everyone
Louis van Gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club 's Carrington training ground .  The Manchester United boss was stunned to find that players could not train after dark at the swish complex when he arrived last summer .  He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights .  If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to
The Omura 's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA .  It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia .  It is usually found in Indonesian waters , the Philippines and the Sea of Japan .  The carcass has been buried and the skeleton will be recovered in a few years .
The service , called ` Project Fi , ' debuted today , about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones .  Google is selling the basic phone service for $ 20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month , instead of a flat rate .  Google 's pricing
T-shirts featuring phrases such as ` I heart my stalker ' and ` Some people call it stalking . I call it love ! ' have been slammed by The Suzy Lamplugh Trust .  The charity is a charity which aims to ` make society a safer place '  The items are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle , Look Human and North Shore Shirts .  According to
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne , Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity .  It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa 's Solar Dynamics Observatory -LRB- SDO -RRB- spacecraft over five years .  The movie , called Sun , shows ` coronal rain ' streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the sun 's surface .  This includes an extreme solar eruption
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs .  But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week .  Sarah shared the adorable pictures to her Instagram page .  One , which shows a close up of her son 's
The cross-breed camel was most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the Ottoman army during the Siege of Vienna in 1683 .  The discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists .  They described it as a ` sunken ship in the desert '  Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid -- a breed popular in the .  Ottoman army at the time
Tracy Stratton said her daughter , Tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham , south east London , her mother claims .  Claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house .  Psychologist diagnosed the autistic girl with PTSD , she added .  The 45-old-old is now claiming damages from The
Trotters , a children 's clothing company , has released the ` New Born Baby Collection ' just in time for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's imminent arrival .  The range includes boy 's T-shirts and romper suits , complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers , and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls .  The term ` The Prince George effect ' was coined just three days
Chelsea Ellen Bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months .  The Maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain Poison Ivy when she attended a Halloween party October 26 in Frenchtown Township .  The costume included a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig .  The 22-year-old was last seen at the outdoor party at a rural farmhouse which was attended by around 800 people , 35 miles
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2 : 38 a . m . Wednesday , making him this year 's first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center in Savannah .  The donation , made by Path2College 529 Plan , is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial .  This event is also part of a statewide newborn sweepstakes where families who welcome
Alistair Brownlee won on his return to the World Triathlon Series .  The Olympic champion recovered from a fall to claim victory in Cape Town .  The 27-year-old missed the first three events of the season with an ankle injury .  Brownlee 's brother Jonny missed the event to concentrate on a triathlon test event .  Great Britain 's Vicky Holland triumphed in the women 's race on Saturday .
Massimo Cellino claims Red Bull have launched a bid to buy Leeds United .  Cellino is currently serving a Football League disqualification .  Chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer from Red Bull .
Daniel Boykin , 33 , a former TSA employee in Nashville , was sentenced to six months prison for stalking a colleague .  He was found with 92 videos of the victim -- 29 taken from the airport bathroom -- and 1,527 photographs of her .  The woman , who has not been named , came forward in May 2014 after observing videos of herself on Boykin 's phone .
Bette Carrouze , 78 , from Brighton , is partying away her final years on the gay scene .  Single mother of two says she is n't the ` run of the mill ' pensioner .  She says she is making up for all the hard work put in to raising her daughters alone .  ` I ' m not your run of .  the mill pensioner even though I
Black players of Milan 's under-10 team allegedly subjected to racial abuse .  AC Milan says it does ` not want to magnify the issue '  Kevin-Prince Boateng led his teammates off the field to protest racial abuse .  Milan plays Benfica in Monday 's semi-finals of the prestigious youth tournament .
Deep brain stimulation -LRB- DBS -RRB- is already used to treat Parkinson 's .  Now researchers believe it could be used to improve brain function and ward off diseases such as dementia .  ` Brain pacemaker ' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the skull .  Device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain .  Experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall .  It
Study found youngsters more likely to engage in risky behaviour .  Those looking after them are distracted by texting or talking on the phone , study found .  Children whose carers were distracted were ` significantly ' likely to behave in this way .  Electronic devices such as mobile phones were responsible for 30 per cent of parental distractions .  Neuroscientist claims gadget-obsessed parents to keep a closer eye on
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve .  Reading beat Bradford in the last round of the FA Cup .  But they face Arsenal at Wembley on May 30 .  If they progress to the final , they will be almost a month without games when the Championship season ends on May 2 .  The Premier League match between Chelsea and Manchester United is also scheduled to
Zeid Raad al-Hussein , U.N. . High Commissioner for Human Rights , told U.N. . in Geneva today .  He said ` gruesome scenes of mass graves ' have been brought to light .  He said Boko Haram 's reported use of children as ` expendable cannon fodder '  If true , it would be war crimes and crimes against humanity , he said .  Comes in response to last
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that William and Harry were fed up with the diet of traditional English food so wanted a change .  He said that their ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' - and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway .  He said he was ` more scared of the nanny than I was of William ' so obeyed her rather than the
Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants , who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state 's population .  About 400 such halls still stand -- many unused and decaying -- but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis .  ` You can still go out on a Saturday
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening day of the season .  Jose Mourinho 's side are seven points clear with eight matches to play .  The Blues travel to QPR on Sunday in the Premier League .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
More than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine 's Hill nature reserve in Dorset yesterday .  Winds of up to 45mph , coupled with bone dry ground thanks to a lack of rain , whipped the flamed across 70 hectres of heathland .  Two schoolboys , aged 14 and 15 , have been arrested by police on suspicion of deliberately starting
Video footage of a creepy doll has been wreaking havoc on paranormal enthusiasts .  Jayne Harris received messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of Peggy , who she believed to be possessed with an evil spirit .  Some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety .  One woman ,
Inverness 's Gary Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic .  The 30-year-old has called for a change to the ` ridiculous ' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons .  Warren also missed last year 's League Cup Final for the same reason .  He believes that the rule to have players
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a vile propaganda video .  He has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in Australia .  The 23-year-old is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State .  Terror expert Professor Greg Barton has described him as ` Baryalei Mark II ' - a reference to former Sydney militant
Judy Murray , 55 , said she ` ca n't wait to be a granny '  Tennis coach helped propel Andy , 27 , and his brother , Jamie , 29 , to sporting success .  Mrs Murray , who has carved out her own star status after appearing on Strictly Come Dancing .  She already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis .  She said : ` I
The Korean Demilitarized Zone -LRB- DMZ -RRB- is located along the no-man 's land between the North and South .  Photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties .  The beaches , often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul , feature an ` overlapping ' of military installations along the coast as it nears the border with the north
Lisa McElroy , a 50-year-old Drexel professor , appeared on the TV game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire in 2010 while it was hosted by Meredith Vieira .  The mother of two got tripped up on the $ 12,500 question after flying through the first few questions .  In March 31 , she allegedly emailed students a link to a pornographic website .  When recipients opened the enclosed
Aston Villa and Reading have been charged by the FA for crowd disturbances .  Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge .  Villa beat West Brom 2-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final .  Reading fans also invaded the pitch after the Royals beat Bradford 3-0 .
There are around 30 RV-dwellers in Seattle 's SoDo area of the city .  John Worden , 52 , has been living in his vehicle for years since his apartment burned down and he was left homeless .  Bud Dodson , 57 , is a maintenance man who watches over the parking lot in exchange for a spot .  The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs
Foxtel will screen every episode of Orange is the New Black in a full season marathon .  A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes as an on-demand streaming title .  In Australia , this applies to the way the series was shown ` legally ' in the country .  When the third season of the series premieres on Netflix on June 12 ,
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Monday night .  The ball boy initially slips over while retrieving the ball .  The 35-year-old pretends to hand him the ball back before rolling it between Green 's legs .  Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as QPR moved three points clear of the safety zone .  Rangers host Premier League leaders Chelsea at Loftus Park on Sunday .
Josh Darnbrough , 24 , passed out at a New Year 's Eve party to find his friend had tattooed his back .  His friend Rob Gaskell , also 24 , tattooed the words ` If found face down call an ambulance '  Josh had attempted to tattoo Rob with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong .  Rob said he carried out the practical joke in revenge for
Lee Allan Bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 after a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan .  A 10-year-old boy , L.T. . , reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head .  L.T. . told his friends that a ` big guy ' had struck Lee with a stick three times , pushed him down an embankment
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old .  She did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade , for three years .  She was recently rescued and brought to the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary in Thailand .  She can be seen nuzzling her mother Mae Yui after a 62-mile -LRB- 100km -RRB- trek .  She was initially
England reached 341-5 on day one of the first Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium .  Alastair Cook 's side were bowled out for 34 for three in the first session .  Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket .  Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play .  Jonathan Trott 's first Test in 18 months ended in a
Dossier on Lord Janner is among 114 files that have vanished from the Home Office .  It is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up .  NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 .  He concluded it would be ` impossible ' to unearth this and the other missing files .  According to Daily Mirror it is listed as `
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud , 23 , a naturalized American , had .  been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United .  States and carry out an act of terrorism , a federal indictment .  He had told an associate that he wanted to go .  to a military base in Texas and ` kill three or four American .  In Syria he sent videos of himself to
Kim Roberts admitted stealing antiques and paintings from Countess of Bathurst .  58-year-old worked for countess , 87 , at Cirencester Park , Cotswolds .  She also stole a 4x4 Volvo XC90 worth at least # 45,000 from previous employer Emily Olympitis in October 2012 .  Roberts , of Colyton , Devon , admitted three charges she had previously denied .  She was warned she was facing a lengthy jail
The Los Angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with Victoria 's Secret .  Founder Frederick Mellinger opened the lingerie brand 's first store in Los Angeles in 1947 and went on to launch a mail order catalog in the 1960s .  He died in 1990 at the age of 76 .  In 2000 , his namesake company
Tuning fork facials are said to tighten sagging skin , eradicate dark circles , lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen .  Some say it 's the non-jab equivalent of Botox .  The UK beauty industry employs more a million people and is worth # 17 bn .  Therapies work on the same principle of Chinese acupuncture , which follows the idea that our body 's energy-or ` Qi
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga .  The American rapper appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal .  Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister of Kylie Jenner .
Gina Maria Schumacher was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth yesterday afternoon .  The 17-year-old looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament and wore a brown stetson hat .  Miss Schumacher 's impressive performance comes just days after her brother Mick , 16 , returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a
Diego Costa limped off just Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday .  Spain striker has been told he will miss just over two weeks .  Costa is likely to be fit to face Arsenal on April 26 .
Manchester City are keeping tabs on Juventus striker Alvaro Morata .  Morata was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid .  Real have a buy-back option set at around # 15million but are unlikely to take that up .  City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba .
Israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity .  It will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors .  Sensors were so precise there would be ` no false alarms '  Decision comes after the Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals .  It is thought the system will cost around # 2.3 million -LRB- $ 3.5 m -RRB- per mile to
Liam Dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious health complications .  He developed cerebral palsy , epilepsy and visual impairment .  He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth , Devon , in March last year from ` intra-abdominal sepsis '  Law changed in 1996 that meant an act was presumed not to have caused a person 's death if it happened more than a year
Researchers from Stanford University used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters .  They then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990 .  Results revealed that at least six per cent -LRB- 400 out of the 6588 participants -RRB- learnt ` many of their matches ' from the toy .  Among those born in
Essex County Council drew up maps of areas where people are most at risk .  Essex and Gloucestershire already use maps to target ` danger zones ' of loneliness .  Campaign to End Loneliness has called on other councils to copy the maps .
The body of Anne Jarmain , 86 , was found 10 hours after her car was swept away in flood waters in Maitland , NSW .  She was pulled into the water when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled Falcon before 9am on Wednesday .  She was a beloved mother of three and great-grandmother to many .  The woman 's body was found at the scene
Mike Ford 's men moved within one point of Premiership leaders Northampton .  Burgess played only his second game at blindside flanker .  Leroy Houston , Jonathan Joseph , Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni also scored for the home side .  Blair Cowan scored a late consolation try for the Exiles .  Chris Noakes scored the first points of the night for the visitors in the 16th minute .  Ford
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV during the summer transfer window .  The 21-year-old has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season .  Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the Dutch international .  Tottenham , Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also among the contenders .
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day .  Between May 2010 and May 2014 ministers created 1,073 offences .  During the 13 years Labour was in power , 4,300 offences were placed on the statute book .  The so-called crimes include diving into the Thames without authority , queue-jumping at a Tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway .
Chris Roberts , a computer security researcher , attempted to board a United flight from Colorado to San Francisco to speak at a major security conference this week .  He was stopped by the airline 's corporate security at the gate after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy .  The researcher , who founded One World Labs , was removed from
Paul Aldridge will leave Sheffield Wednesday at the end of next season .  Aldridge has previously worked at West Ham , Leicester City and Manchester City .  Wednesday have brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder to work alongside Stuart Gray .
Republican Gov . Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him on Tuesday , citing influence from his politically liberal son .  ` My son Seth , signed the petition asking me , Dad , the governor , to veto this bill , and he gave me permission to make that reference , and it shows that
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment .  Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old .  The poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour .
The McElroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at Drexel University , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line : ` Great article on writing briefs '  When recipients opened the enclosed link , philly . com reports that they were directed to a video of ` a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act '
Michael Slager , 33 , was charged with murder after shooting Scott , 50 , over broken tail light .  His wife Jamie , 8 , is set to give birth to a baby in a few weeks .  He is only granted video access to his pregnant wife and an officer at jail .  It is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the South Carolina prison .  He
Charlene Mess , 48 , was arrested on Monday after her husband Douglas , 52 , was found killed at their farm in Attica , New York .  His body was found stashed in a pile of manure at the back of the 300-acre farm .  Mrs Mess was charged with second-degree murder and has been arraigned .
Ronald Jebson 's final wish was for his death to be secret .  Victims ` families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died .  In 2000 he confessed his part in the deaths of Gary Hanlon , 12 , and Susan Blatchford , 11 .  He was serving a life sentence for strangling an eight-year-old girl .  In 2000 confessed to police because he felt
Karen Bell , 42 , from Hull , met the man on free dating website Plenty of Fish .  Pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out their fantasy .  She threatened to post footage on Facebook unless he paid her # 25 .  She later increased the demands , claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst .  Bell , a mother , has been jailed for
Harry Childs , Jack Hutchins , Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray .  QPR fans were involved in an act of violent disorder outside a pub .  Incident occurred after QPR 's 3-3 draw with Burnley at Loftus Road .  The foursome attacked the Plough and Harrow pub in west London .  Childs was sentenced to eight months imprisonment while Foreman was given a one-year sentence .  Pack
Ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible '  Admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio .  He said : ` I just want to keep my mind as .  clear as I possibly can and not have a drink -- until after .  6 o ` clock '  David Cameron said he was not nervous
Transvestite TV star Matsuko Deluxe shared stage with ` Matsukoroid ' doppelganger on Saturday .  Mr Deluxe , who is popular in Japan for his frankness , said it was ` fascinating ' come face-to-face with his lookalike .  The robot was put through its paces in front of an incredulous audience for the first time on Nippon TV .  Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky in the Parsi-Roubaix .  German John Degenkolb crossed the line ahead of the Briton .  Wiggin did his best , breaking away with 32 kilometres left to shake things up at the head of the peloton , but he had to settle for a place down the line in 18th .  He became the first rider to take first
Judith Russell , the mother-in-law of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , took to the stand today in the trial of Dzhokhar .  She told how her daughter Katherine converted to Islam after meeting him .  Russell 's testimony came as jurors decide whether Dzlan 's brother should be put to death for killing three people and injuring hundreds in the 2013 Boston bombings .  She said she drifted from her daughter as
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula during Villarreal 's 1-1 draw with Getafe .  The Argentinian defender dislocated his left ankle on Sunday .  Santi Cazorla tweeted : ` A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo , I hope it 's not too serious '  The 24-year-old is expected to be sidelined for at least six months .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Anti-drinking campaigners said Tony Abbott was glorifying binge drinking .  Julie Robert , a cultural studies professor at the University of Technology Sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the Prime Minister thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer .  ` It sets up a culture that drinking is n't about socialising with friends , it 's about how quickly and how
The medical papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus , Egypt , 100 miles south of Cairo .  It contains a medical ` recipe ' for treating a hangover .  It was written in Greek with the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne .  It is thought to have been used to relieve headaches brought on by alcohol .  The treatment was one of 24 new medical texts that are the
Wayne Heneker shot dead a masked gunman in a bid to save his own life .  The incident took place almost a year ago at a local tavern in Queensland .  The father-of-two said he had no other choice but to shoot the gunman .  Seconds after he fired the shots , he discovered the man was his friend Shameem Rahman .  The man pulled out a pistol and pointed
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot called the Germfalcon .  It uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin .  Germs such as E . coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week inside planes .  There are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned .  It is the size of a drinks cart and patrols the aisles using motion sensors
John Carver has called on the advice and support of Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer as tensions grow between the club and its fanbase .  Toon fans are planning to boycott today 's game at home to Spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner Mike Ashley .  Carver was in the dugout alongside Pardews at the end of last season when
Jack Colback admits Newcastle United 's supporters are being left short-changed .  The 25-year-old says he is looking forward to next term .  The Magpies have lost five in a row and scored just one goal in eight hours .  Colback was one of the only players who deserves credit this season .  Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at St James ` Park on Monday .  John Carver has raised
Students at McGuffey High School in Pennsylvania organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest last Thursday .  They encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing ` anti-Gay ' on their hands .  The protest is understood to have been a reaction to a Day Of Silence event for bullied LBGT students the previous day .  Around 50 and 100
Larry Reid was arrested about 12 : 30 p . m . Monday on U.S. . Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits .  Mr . Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer , driving across a median , resisting arrest , not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol .  The Nevada Senator 's office
Wellness warrior Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness .  We fell in love with her story as well as with her -- which caused us to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community as the fabric of her brave fight against cancer began to unravel .  She founded the Whole Pantry-a book and app which over 300,000 people
Airbnb rentals caters to all tastes , from the Atomic Age to the Brit-pop ` 90s .  The Landgate Cottage in Rye , North Yorkshire , is decorated in an organic aesthetic of earthy colours and plenty of natural accents .  The Colour House in Kendal , Cumbria , is a 1960s-era dream with its bold hues and bright wall coverings .  The VW campervan , nicknamed Delilah , is
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs on Wednesday .  Team Sky team-mate Elia Viviani was not so fortunate .  Italian hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground .  The Italian was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish in the cobbled classic .
14 soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine in Central African Republic .  French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up scandal .  Investigation has been underway since last year but only made public yesterday .  Francois Hollande said : ` If some soldiers have behaved badly , I will show no mercy '
The Wolf Of Wall Street star , along with a partner , purchased the 104-acre Blackadore Caye nearly a decade ago for $ 1.75 million .  He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla , the chief executive of New York development firm Delos , to create the eco-conscious resort , with plans to open in 2018 .  The resort will have villas on a platform over the water , as
Erica Ann Ginnetti , 35 , a married mother of three from Philadelphia , pleaded guilty to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor in December .  The former math and calculus teacher had been facing seven to 14 years in prison , but has now been sentenced to 30 days in jail , house arrest and probation .  She also faces three years ` probation
Five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old .  His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China .  The country 's biggest basketball star so far has been Shanghai-born Yao Ming .
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City 's clash with Manchester United .  The Belgium defender played 90 minutes against Crystal Palace on Monday .  Manuel Pellegrini has said he has no fears over his job .  City are in fourth place , a point behind United , after losing three of their last five Premier League matches and taking 18 points from 36 since the turn of
David Adam Pate , 25 , from Lancaster , North Carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James .  He told police he just wanted to ` cut his dad gum head off '  During an interview after his arrest , he blamed the victim for the murder .  James 's two brothers described him as the ` devil ' , admitting they wanted him to suffer
Bettie Jo , from Houston , Texas , was 47 stone -LRB- 660lb -RRB- and housebound .  She lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce .  Before her surgery she was reliant on husband Josh to care for her .  24-year-old has admitted he did n't support her bid to lose weight .  He feared if she became slimmer , she would n't need him anymore .
Dominique Granier suggested putting on a service for Roma passengers in Montpellier .  He said the ` unbearable ' smell was a ` sanitation risk ' to everyone on board .  But the bus company TAM has said it has ` outsourced ' part of the route .
On April 7 , Thenga Adams , flying from Guyana in South America was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage .  When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $ 30,000 worth of cocaine , say airport officials .  Adams now faces federal drug smuggling charges .
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday .  Per Mertesacker will lead the Gunners out with captain Mikel Arteta still not fit .  Arsenal have won 16 from 18 matches in all competitions this season .  Arsene Wenger 's side are second in the Premier League after a superb run of form .  The Gunners came from 2-0 down to lift the trophy in the
Chelsea beat QPR 2-1 at Loftus Road to extend their lead to seven points .  Jose Mourinho 's side had only one shot on target in the 88th minute .  Cesc Fabregas converted Eden Hazard 's pass to secure all three points for the Blues .  QPR 's Rob Green had been on guard throughout , but the goalkeeper made a mistake .  QPR goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois made a stunning
Georgina Chapman , 38 , stepped out looking forlorn amid claims her husband apologized to Ambra Battilana , 22 , for groping her .  Weinstein , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old model during a ` business meeting ' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night .  But as he fights to throw out the allegations , police overheard a phone call between Battelana and
Deputy Kerry Kempink shot a dog while responding to a burglar alarm .  He jumped a fence into the property and was confronted by two black Rottweilers .  Within seconds of them approaching , he shot the closest dog , 18-month-old Cowboy .  He then turned his gun on the other which ran off .  Pasco County Sheriff 's office has received death threats since footage emerged .  Sheriff Nocco
Two adults and four children pictured riding on same motorbike in Argentina .  They were riding through the city of San Miguel de Tucuman without helmets .  A passer-by described the incident as ` shocking to see '
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters after Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury .  Raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first .  The big-serving Canadian will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils .  Rafael Nadal will play David Ferrer , and Novak Djokovic will face Marin Cilic .
Henthorn , 59 , was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $ 500,000 on the death of his first wife and $ 4.5 million on his second .  Lynn Rishell 's brother 's wife has opened up to say that the FBI told her about a secret $ 400,000 life insurance policy henthorn had taken out on her , too .  He
Chris Blowes , 26 , was mauled by a Great White Shark in South Australia at 9.45 am on Saturday .  He was taken to Port Lincoln hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide on Saturday .  The surfer lost a leg and is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital .  Friends have begun to send their love and support to Chris and his family on social media
William ` Frankie ' Dugan , 29 , and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children , aged 5 and 6 .  Authorities in Muskogee , Oklahoma announced on Wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims .  Dugan and Ojo were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse .
Ed Miliband pledged to crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers .  He promised a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers .  A new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority , specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff , he added .  But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed his ideas and said he was
Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches .  Stuart McCall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them at Dumbarton on Saturday .  Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half .  Marius Zaliukas equalised a few minutes later for Rangers .  The Ibrox boss insists the 1-1 draw could end up being crucial in the quest to finish second .
The cougar , known as P-22 , was discovered by workers at noon on Monday .  He has been living in the crawl space under the house in the Los Feliz neighborhood .  Attempts to get him to move out-including firing bean bags-have so far been unsuccessful .  Jason Archinaco said : ` I do n't think he 's going to come out . He thinks this is his den
Jarret Stoll was arrested at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas last week .  He was accused of trying to smuggle three grams of cocaine and eight grams of MDMA .  Henderson tweeted the former Dancing With The Stars contestant on Monday saying : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend '  He was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test .  Andrews responded to the news then :
Courtney Terry , 27 , has kidney cancer so rare it does not have a name .  She was just 19 when she was diagnosed with the disease that killed her brother Jordan .  She had planned to marry childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months ` time .  But doctors have advised her to bring the wedding forward because of her condition .  The Millwall FC fan has received
Martin and Jessica Castillo , from Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013 .  The couple had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark , 22 , over a year after it was first lost .  The ring is engraved with
Vincent Kompany injured himself in the Manchester derby last weekend .  Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at the Etihad on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini said he was not hurt when he heard other managers linked with his job .  Manuel Pellergini said he did not feel under pressure despite speculation he may be sacked .  Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp have been linked with a move to the
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider , it was reported today .  The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox .  The proposed merger
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil .  Called Hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers .  males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes .  And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .  The amphibian is characterised by light stripes on its size , while it is also relatively small
Antonio Nuñez , 59 , allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork .  The argument escalated at his home in San Antonio , Texas .  The woman pepper sprayed him in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor .
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain this week .  Manchester United and Liverpool are interested in the # 25million winger .  PSV Eindhoven are understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than Liverpool .  The Qatari-backed French club have established a good relationship with the winger .
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park -LRB- Tuesday , 7.45 pm -RRB- .  Alan Hutton , Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood ruled out .  Philippe Senderos , Kieran Richardson and Aly Cissokho also doubts .  Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young ruled out for QPR .  QPR also without Richard Dunne , Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin .  Darnell Furlong is still sidelined with a calf problem .
Hannah Wilson , 22 , was last seen at around 1am on Friday .  Her body later turned up in a rural area of Needmore , Indiana .  Daniel Messel , 49 , of Bloomington , was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge .  Wilson , a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU , would have died between 1.30 am and
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail on Sunday .  Kenyan elite troops called in from Nairobi to Garissa to aid in pre-dawn attack .  But they did not arrive until just before 2pm , local media reports .  Kenyan army spokesman said : ` The two targets were hit and taken out , the two camps are destroyed '  Gunmen from Al Qaeda-aligned group killed 148 people
Nico Rosberg has admitted he 's wary of the threat Ferrari pose .  The Mercedes driver described their pace as ` dangerous ' and ` worrying '  The 29-year-old topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647 secs .  He was 0.115 secs quicker than team-mate Lewis Hamilton .  Kimi Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel finished third and fourth quickest .  Hamilton trails the German by 17 points in
Anderson Silva will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro .  The mixed martial arts fighter has expressed his desire to represent Brazil in the 2016 Games .  The 40-year-old Brazilian posted on his official Twitter account a photo of himself practising taek Koreando on Wednesday .  He has a hearing scheduled for May on the doping allegations .
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera .  The incident took place last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney .  The truck driver was driving an AC & S truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car .  The incident continued for 8.5 km until both the
Manchester United are closing in on a # 20.5 million deal for Ilkay Gundogan .  The Borussia Dortmund midfielder has emerged as their primary target .  Louis van Gaal believes the 24-year-old is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick .  Carrick recently signed a new 12 month extension at Old Trafford .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at Sam the Butcher in Bondi on Monday .  Ms Bartholomew was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner for a Game Of Thrones-inspired feast .  She was called names and told to ` go to a f * * * ing Aussie butcher ' when she tried to change her chicken selection .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Poldark ended on cliff-hanger last night with main man hauled off to jail .  Fans have taken to Twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms '  Others say they have nothing to look forward to now the show is over .  The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 , pulling in an average of 5.9 million viewers per episode and a massive 6.1 million for last
Alfonso Thomas has agreed a deal to coach Delhi Daredevils .  Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle .  Thomas is not yet fit for Somerset 's LV = County Championship match against Durham .
Everton travel to Goodison Park to face Burnley in the Premier League .  The Toffees are 12th in the Championship on 38 points with no chance of qualifying for Europe again .  Roberto Martinez says Burnley 's player reminds him of his old Wigan side .  The Spaniard says he does n't think there is any fear of relegation at Everton .  Burnley have shown to every team they play
Iran 's Revolutionary Guards fired warning shots across the bridge of the Maersk Tigris on April 24 .  Just four days later , Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands-flagged ship , the Maemar Tigis , to Iran .  Iran has said it seized control of the container ship due to a commercial dispute with Denmark 's giant Maersk group , which chartered the vessel to ferry cargo in the region
Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles .  Dr Elena Temereva came to her conclusion by studying the ` living fossil ' Lingula anatina , an ancient brachiopod found all over the world .  She says that our ancestors had appendages-or tentacles-that were used for movement and food collection .  And , she says , they also had a complex nervous system .  This puts to bed
Baron the German Shepherd was trained at the Hillcountry K9 School .  He was filmed using the toilet as he lifted up the toilet seat .  He then ho up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover .  Once he 's finished , he puts down both the toilet seats and flushes .
Tank , a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won Drake University 's 36th annual ` Beautiful Bulldog ' contest Sunday at Drake University .  He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or , royal subjects -- at the university 's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot of the event , which will be held from Thursday through Saturday .  The tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant , which featured 50 dogs
Blake Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down .  The elastic in his pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters .  Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing .
A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar at the # 31.5 million west London home .  But one neighbour was furious with the plans , claiming it ` will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets , my house included '  The Beckhams bought the grand property in Holland Park for # 31.5 million in 2013
Game of Thrones is set to begin its fifth series on Tuesday .  Emilia Clarke , who plays Daenerys Targaryen , believes the show has great female characters .  She said : ` We accept our femininity and take strength from it ... as opposed to trying to hide it and behave in a masculine way '  Lena Headey has hinted that scheming Cersei Lannister may survive .  Kit Harington
Leslie Cooper , 36 , will appear at the Old Bailey later this week .  Mr Arwani , 48 , was found dead in his car in Wembley last week .  He was an outspoken opponent of the Assad regime in his native country .  Cooper , from Brent in north-west London , was remanded in custody .  He appeared before Camberwell Magistrates ` Court today for a brief hearing
The case of Shona Banda , 37 , was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney 's office for a decision about charges .  Possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment .  ` I will , I will get him and I am not going to stop until I do , ' Banda said .  The divorced
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet .  The US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge .  The USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are both 1,070 feet long .  The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile-3
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in the first round of the UFC Fight Night event .  The featherweight came out hard and fast and quickly landed a right hand which led to Lamas ` downfall .  Referee Dan Miragliotta stopped the bout in the third minute .  Al Iaquinta took a split decision win over Jorge Masvidal in an epic encounter .  In the co-main even , Al Iuiuinta beat
William Shatner is planning to run a Kickstarter campaign to raise $ 30bn -LRB- # 20bn -RRB- .  He is hoping to build a pipeline from Seattle to bring water to California .  But the proposal has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts .  He said Seattle was ` a place where there 's a lot of water ' - although its state , Washington , is
Bubba Watson sits four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi 's lead .  Defending champion finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday .  Watson is in joint 17th place at the Shenzhen International .
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil .  Owen made the claim before Arsenal lost 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday .  Owen 's opinion drew criticism on social media but the former Liverpool forward has refused to back down .  Owen said : ` Is there a debate ? Not even close '  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Newcastle United dumped pictures of Sir Bobby Robson 's title-chasing side in a skip .  The club said the pictures were ` old and not being used anymore '  Fans were able to spot the disgraceful move outside St James ` Park .  Sir Bobby 's team finished fourth in 2002 and qualified for the Champions League .
Ronnie O ` Sullivan raced into a 7-2 first-round lead against Craig Steadman .  The Rocket took off his shoes mid-match but socked it to debutant Steadmans .  The five-time world champion could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code .  O ` Brien was given dispensation to wear casual shoes last year at the UK Championship after breaking his ankle .  Ding Junhui blew the
Gemma Flanagan , 31 , was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome .  Air hostess was working for British Airways when the illness first struck .  She assumed partying in six-inch heels was the cause of the pain in her legs .  But for seven months she was left frozen in her own body , unable to move , speak or even swallow .  She is taking
Kyesha Smith Wood called out her ` disprectful ' children on Facebook after she found out they were rude to a mother .  Lexy Wood , 13 , told Rebecca Boyd that she is ` em barrassed ' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer , Alabama .  She and her step-sister were said to have been ` rude and obnoxious ' throughout
The body of Sarah Fox , 27 , was found by police on Thursday night .  Her mother Bernadette , 57 , died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .  Police are now appealing for the public 's help to track down Peter Fox .  They say they want to speak ` urgently ' with him in connection to the murders .  The 26-year-old is described as
Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly in Eype , Dorset , with her daughter .  The border terrier fell over the cliff 's edge along with the spring lamb .  She survived a 100ft vertical drop and rolled 150ft down a steep slope .  Owner had no way of reaching the eight-year-old but coastguards searched .  Coastguards were unable to find her after four hours of searching .
Man , in his 60s , has died after ride-on lawnmower overturned into pond .  He was mowing grass outside farmhouse property in Wattisham , Suffolk .  The machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath .  His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him .  The incident occurred at about 5.15 pm yesterday in the rural Suffolk
Richard Symonds , 29 , is one of the UK 's top administrators for the website .  He went by the online name ` Chase me ladies , I ' m the Cavalry `  The internet expert , who has served in the Royal Naval Reserve , says he is not being political .  Grant Shapps had been accused this week of using user ID to delete embarrassing facts about
Celta Vigo host Barcelona in La Liga on Sunday .  Lionel Messi has been training following a foot injury .  Nolito has urged Messi to head to the beach instead of playing his team .
Juan Carlos was said to be romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein .  Alleged affair ended in 2014 when he abdicated in favour of son Felipe .  Final De Partida -- or End Game -- by Ana Romero-sold out within 24 hours .  Alleges he was so smitten with her that he considered divorcing his wife .  The German aristocrat is 27 years younger than the former Spanish king .  The affair
Charles Collins , 28 , was walking ahead of Alfred McNamee when he fell .  He jumped to the edge of the platform and pulled him to safety .  The elderly man broke his back and ribs , shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen .  But Collins insisted that he 's ` not a hero ' and said he was ` just instincts '
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten , Oldenburg .  Three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital , police said .  One man , believed to have been co-piloting the plane , is in a ` serious condition '
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season .  Ex-Kop striker Stan Collymore believes Rodgers is the right man .  Liverpool are currently seventh in the Premier League table .
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year 's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife , Margaret , as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home .  The shooting left Margaret Mc Collom paralyzed below the waist .
Manchester City will ask about Raheem Sterling 's availability even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him .  Premier League champions need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the Premier League .  Frank Lampard , Scott Sinclair and Micah Richards will all leave while Richard Wright is expected to follow .  James Milner will decide his fate at the
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer -LRB- Virs -RRB- .  It reveals distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters .  The images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System -LRB- MDIS -RRB- .  This is an instrument with wide-and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on Mercury 's surface
The store in Avlaston , Derbyshire , was officially opened at 8am this morning .  More than 200 people were found queuing outside the store looking to get their hands on deals .  Ivy Bacon , 20 , said : ` It does n't feel real , we never win anything '  Former Derby County player Craig Ramage cut the ribbon at the event .  The store will create 29
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas , now 56 , was denied parole and cannot reapply for seven years .  Thomas , who was 18 at the time , and Mark Titch , 17 , were sentenced to life with the possibility of parole but died behind bars last year at the age of 55 .  Thomas and Titch killed four people during a nine-day killing spree in Orange County in 1977
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling about leaving Liverpool .  Toure compared Sterling 's situation to that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair at Manchester City .  Toure says Sterling could be making a similar mistake by leaving Anfield .  Toure used to play for City with Rodwell , Sinclair and Fernandinho .  Toure said he is ` quite flattered ' by interest from Arsenal , Chelsea and Manchester City
Jenna Marotta , 27 , of New York , was diagnosed with dermatillomania , a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding .  Her parents kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of Tweezerman tweezers in her parents ` bathroom .  Jenna would use the same tweinges to clear out pores and remove ingrown hairs .  After accidentally going ten days without touching her pores when
Mark Doggett 's dogs were trained for six months to sniff out dry rot in old houses .  When they find dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose .  Only moving from the affected area when the businessman gives them a special signal .  Dry rot is wood decay caused by the fungus Serpula lacrymans .  It can be hard to find but the
The biggest ice cover on North America 's Great Lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries .  18 freighters are currently wedged in the ice , unable to move .  They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel .  They are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks , it 's been reported .  One ship ,
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor 's comments about being able to ` kill ' McGregor in 30 seconds .  The undefeated champion said McGregor was just trying to get himself some publicity .  McGregor fights Jose Aldo in the UFC on July 11 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal .  He said : ` Such a deal would not block Iran 's path to the bomb . It would pave it '  The preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions .  They will also be subjected to inspections
Leicester City beat West Brom 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday .  Leicester striker Jamie Vardy scored the winner at the Hawthorns .  The Foxes striker was being criticised two years ago at the club .  Credit must go to Nigel Pearson and his staff who supported him through a tough time .  The most expensive player ever to come from non-League football .  CLICK HERE for all the
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris absent for Spurs .  Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend 's match against Aston Villa .  Alan Hutton , Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair set to miss out .  Aly Cissokho could return after training again this week .  Libor Kozak will not be considered as he regains
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in New Orleans .  The charity was set up to help people made homeless by Hurricane Katrina .  Pitt , 51 , vowed to help ` make it right ' for city 's thousands of displaced citizens .  But in a lawsuit filed last week , Pitt 's Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $ 500,000 .
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon .  Arsene Wenger 's side are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four .  Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta , Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby are back in training ahead of the clash .  Theo Walcott could start for the Gunners after 55 minutes for England in Turin
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
All Black winger Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast , in 2016-17 .  Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France .  Alun Wyn Jones can put his body on the line for Ospreys and Wales .  Wasps were incensed by the three-game ban handed to their No 8
Little Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year .  The 19-month-old was originally misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old .  The tumour wrapped itself around her organs and up her spine to near her heart , and was releasing huge amounts of adrenaline .  She was admitted to hospital and began chemotherapy treatment on the tumour , in the hope that
London Mayor insisted position would not become vacant for five years .  But in most candid remarks to date , he finally conceded : ` It would be a wonderful thing to be considered to such an honour '  Mr Johnson , running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip , has long been tipped as future leader .
James Rodriguez returns to Real Madrid squad .  Toni Kroos , Karim Benzema , Cristiano Ronaldo and Luka Modric also available .  Lionel Messi recovering from foot injury to face Celta Vigo .  AC Milan beat Palermo 2-1 in Serie A on Easter Sunday .
Heather Mack , 19 , is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack .  Mack 's daughter Stella was born in Kerobakan Prison and has urgent needs .  Vanessa Favia , attorney for Mack , has filed court documents for her client .  She has filed a petition asking for half a million dollars to be transferred to her daughter .  The petition asks for a ` significant percentage
Prince William and Kate 's decision to use St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London , over public care offered by the NHS was yesterday backed by the Prime Minister .  David Cameron said he supports peoples ` right to choose treatment options .  He said : ` I think it 's a total matter of choice for people-what they use and where they have their babies '
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers .  The answers can be found at the bottom of the page .  Rearrange the letters in the word ` sleuth ' to make another word .  If a clock is stopped for a minute every ten minutes , how long will it take the minute hand to complete
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas , Pan American .  The psychology graduate student , 27 , was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border .  She was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton 's 1-0 win against Burnley .  Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League .  Roberto Martinez insisted Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties .
Molly Parks , 24 , passed away on April 16 after a heroin overdose in the bathroom of a pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester , New Hampshire .  Her father , Tom Parks , said he knew when police turned up on his door , they were there about her .  Days later , he wrote a candid obituary openly discussing her struggle with drugs in a bid
Brentford moved up to fifth in the Championship on 69 points with six games to play .  Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage .  Substitute Alan Judge and a late fourth from Jota secured all three points for the Bees .  Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his side are n't yet safe from relegation .  Ross McCormack scored a 67th-minute penalty for Fulham .
The first year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp attacked .  Filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum filmed the incident under a bridge .  He laughs at his fellow students as hundreds of fish leap from the water .  Asian carp can grow to 100lbs in mass and jump as high as 10ft in the air .
Kate Roberts , 24 , noticed her son Miles had a slightly different head when he was born .  At three months he was diagnosed with ` flat head syndrome '  This when the back of the head becomes flattened , causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out .  It is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their back .  As
Claudetteia Love , 17 , said last week she and her friends would not go to prom .  Principal Patrick Taylor told her she had to wear a tuxedo to senior prom .  Comments sparked outpouring of support from across the country .  Her classmates signed petition to persuade school to change its mind .  Now , Principal Taylor and school board president Rodney McFarland have told student she can
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month .  Defender hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season .  Tomkins says he will be able to play a couple of games before end of season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest West Ham United news .
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday .  Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game .  Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch .  Dortmund captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his manager and says they merited more .
Harley Jolly , Tyson Barr and Nic Roy filmed themselves descending Dunedin 's Baldwin Street .  The trio are known collectively as Slide Christchurch-are known as ` slide trikes '  The clip was captured on a helmet camera and shows them hurtling towards parked cars .  The street is officially recognised as the world 's steepest with a 35 % gradient .
Researchers studied stone tools used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture , living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago .  They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era .  This means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived .  They say we may not have behaved as differently as
Anthony Corrales has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired NYPD officer named Robert Muller last June .  The incident occurred outside the Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City .  He claims he got out of his car at a red light to take the license plate number , while Muller disputes this and claims the man followed him into the
Sean Crawford , from Carterton , New Zealand , turned dead animals into unique works of art .  The former plumber said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on .  Mr Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney 's lower north shore .  He said
Study looked at the voting habits of twins born in the UK .  The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our political allegiances .  Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , while non-identical twins-like non-twin siblings-share about 50 per cent .  As twins grow up they can be influenced by different groups of friends , cultural experiences and points of view .  By
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California , analysed the competitiveness of 1,147 long distance runners competing in the 5,000 metres in the US National Collegiate Athletic Association .  They were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team .  Less than 11 % of men opted for team payment , in comparison to 44 % of women .
In an emotional outburst during a concert Bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life .  The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were ` rough times '  In an odd moment during his 45-minute set , he took time out to promote his kine of BBQ sauces .  The 46-year-old
Xu bought a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties .  Desperate to have a ` grandson ' , he decided to have sex with her himself .  Six months after Wang ` married ' into the family , Xu realised she was infertile .  He sold her off to another family for 10,000 yuan -LRB- # 1,093 -RRB- .  He is currently under arrest by the police
Organic milk could contain a third less iodine than normal milk , scientists say .  UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral .  Because milk is the main source of iodines in the British diet -- providing 40 per cent of the average daily intake -- switching to organic may have a significant impact on health , they warn .  One in every
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring for Juventus after 17 minutes .  Leonardo Bonucci doubled Juve 's lead in the second half .  Lazio mounted a late rally but Danilo Cataldi was sent off .  The result brought Lazio 's run of six consecutive wins to an end .  Sampdoria were held to a goalless draw by Cesena .
Katie Hopkins used language similar to that of Rwandan media in 1994 genocide .  UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ` ad Al Husein said article was reflective of a ' nasty underbelly of racism `  He said it was ` sapping compassion for thousands of people fleeing conflict '  More than 1,750 people have already died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach
Mehmet Selim Kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after being taken hostage by far-left organisation .  He was targeted for his part in investigation into the death of Berkin Elvan , 15 .  He was severely wounded after being hit on the head by tear-gas canister .  Mr Kiraz 's wife and children were ` deeply upset ' and ` deeply .  Turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers
Nicholas Dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon , and demanded a free meal after waiting an hour and a half for his omelette .  The Upper East Side resident , who lives near the restaurant , was arrested and charged with assault following the incident , police said .
Wojciech Szczesny has n't played a Premier League game since January .  The 24-year-old has been demoted to the substitutes ` bench in recent months .  Arsene Wenger has benefited from the form of Colombian goalkeeper David Ospina .  Szcesesny is expected to line up in goal for Arsenal in Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading .  Former club legend David Seaman believes the 6ft 5in goalkeeper can become
Kelli Jo Bauer , 45 , accused of stealing $ 100,000 worth of women 's clothing .  She was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her .  She was allegedly shown dozens of clothes , many still with tags of them , she was selling .  She allegedly told officers she was a ` compulsive shopper ' and had lost weight .  She was released on
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7 : 30 am on Thursday .  The 13-year-old never made it to class and her father reported her missing .  Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa 's family with the investigation .  Police are holding out hope that the teenager was with friends .  There were unconfirmed sightings of the teenager in the Merrylands area .
Chris Lewis , 68 , is suing ex-wife Nicola , 48 , for more than # 300,000 .  Claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage .  She had a child as a result but led him to believe the boy was his , he argues .  DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son , he says .  Couple married
Ted Koran , 59 , says he was thinking suicidal thoughts because he was struggling to deal with the loss of his wife Karen , who passed away from cancer six months ago .  On Saturday , he called the VA Suicide Hotline but all he got was a recorded message .  Ted said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time .  The only
Russian companies Tittygram and Titisign offer a new way to send messages on a woman 's cleavage and take a snap .  A picture of a woman with ` I love Burger King ' emblazoned across her chest has been posted on the country 's version of Facebook .  The pictures can then be used as a personal message , or advertising , and cost just # 4 .  The
Ronnie O ` Sullivan has admitted he would ' love ` to be the presenter of Top Gear .  The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars .  He has appeared as a guest on the show in the past .  He begins his second-round match at The Crucible on Saturday .  He beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round and will play Matthew Stevens in the
Andy McIlvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine to propose to his girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger , 30 .  He got talking to a group of SouthWest employees , who gave him a $ 100 voucher as a gift .
Ashton Wood raised $ 18,000 online to destroy his $ 49,000 Jeep in June last year .  Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the vehicle or replace it .  Mr Wood said he had 21 mechanical problems and had to be towed four times .  He will now read out a ` not sorry ' apology to the company on national television tonight .  Mr Wood is campaigning
Gary Player will attend his 58th Masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport 's finest accomplishments .  The great man considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen .  So you can imagine how excited
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide .  Alexander Giniyatullin filmed the terrifying scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia , which is thought to have happened at 1pm on April 1 .  In the video , snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road .  The earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and
Isa Richardson , a well-known beggar in Maidstone , Kent , made a 12-year-old .  Schoolgirl , who has not been named , told police she felt intimidated by Richardson .  She said she needed money because her car had broken down , a court heard .  Richardson , 46 , has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines .  Magistrates ordered her to pay # 20
Mary Cowan , 92 , has stated in her will that # 700,000 of her # 2million fortune should be left to charity groups .  She taught at Sir Chris Hoy 's former school in Edinburgh .  She left around # 325,000 to a bursary scheme to be set up at George Watson 's College in Edinburgh .  The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and
Madonna sang Human Nature to Drake at Coachella on Sunday night .  The 56-year-old mother-of-four kissed him for at least three seconds .  When she was finished , he looked in pain , even wiping his mouth .  Later , sources said that Drake liked the kiss , but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off .  It was a last-minute decision by Madge .  Madonna has
Conor McGregor has said he would beat Floyd Mayweather in less than 30 seconds .  McGregor has won all five of his fights in the UFC to earn himself a shot at Jose Aldo .  He is preparing for his world title fight against UFC featherweight champion Aldo in July .  The most famous boxer to make the move to mixed martial arts is James Toney .  Toney lost in
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship .  Rosberg finished second and Sebastian Vettel third .  Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers ` championship .  The Briton won his fourth race of his career in China .  The Brit is 13 points adrift of his Mercedes team-mate in the standings .
The tragedy occurred at Westfield High School in Indiana on Thursday night .  Just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale , the platform beneath them collapsed .  One of the victims , Nicola Gruszka , was so shocked that she was unable to move and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later .  ` All of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent
James Ramirez , 37 , said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson .  He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital at 3.45 am after she went in to labour .  She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25 am on January 28,2014 .  Mr Ramirez said : ` I would say she was delirious , spaced out , obviously tired '
Jose Mourinho admits that he has a strong faith in God .  The Chelsea manager said he only prays for things in his personal life .  The 52-year-old said that he and his family ` know about poverty '  The former Real Madrid boss said he tries his best to separate his professional and family life .  He was fined # 25,000 earlier this season for claiming there was a
Daisy Goodwin has had head lice since she was 19 .  She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then .  As an adult it has been one infestation after another , she says .  Daisy 's first sighting of a live louse was the size of a small mouse .  She did n't tell anyone , but kept them at arm 's length .  She does
Fabio Lavato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in their local Cineworld .  The 30-year-old created a video showing pictures of their time together .  It was followed by the words ` Laura I have a questions for you ' that was played at the end of the trailers of Fast and Furious 7 .  The pair met while Laura was backpacking around Asia , ending up in Australia .
John Lord , 86 , went missing from his home in St Ann 's , Nottingham , on April 6 .  His wife June , 81 , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain on March 31 .  His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her .  Mr
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .  Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .  I have held talks with Gennady Golovkin 's manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins .  Paul Smith-Andre Ward , Anthony Dirrell and James DeGale are all in the pipeline .  If he does
Personal trainer Allie Dodds , 24 , regularly published recipes on her Mealspiration blog .  Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ashy Bines , a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer .  She contacted Ms Bines in July 2013 to question her use of recipes and photos but never heard back .  Bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained in her Clean Eating Diet Plan
Victoria McKennon is desperate to take part in graduation ceremony at Plano Senior High School .  The 17-year-old suffers from cystic fibrosis and has to manage a complicated programme of medicines to fight her condition .  She has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits .  Plano High officials initially refused to allow her to join her friends .  But the school has since set out a
Melbourne mother-of-two , Kady Marsh , took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at the Manly Wharf Hotel in Sydney .  Kady was in town for her best friend 's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family .  When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel 's lounge area with baby Isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management .  A young
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday .  That treble was Ronaldo 's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in La Liga , equalling Lionel Messi 's record in the competition .  The Portuguese superstar has scored 11 goals in just eight matches .  Three of those hat-tricks have come against the Andalusia side .  He scored four goals in a 6-2 win in
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  It was the first time the two teams have met in the final of the competition .  The Gunners reached the final after beating Reading at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday .  Gary Lineker was left with a few minutes to fill after a film about the infamous 1990 FA Cup Semi Finals failed .  Reading 's Adam
Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay .  The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season .  PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship .  The Dutch league 's leading scorer doubled the hosts ` lead with a stunning free kick .  PSV are second only to Ajax -LRB- 33 titles -RRB- in Holland .  Louis van Gaal
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The Church of Scientology is one on a long list of organisations who have been reprimanded for using the word Anzac .  The Department of Veteran Affairs has received 384 applications over the past 12 months .  Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate .  An Anzac-branded port , an educational app for iPhones called ANZAPP and
The men are shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande .  They can be seen panicking as the great white uses it 's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat , causing it to sway dangerously .  Another shark is spotted breaching near the boat before the crew decide it is too unsafe to have a boat of that size in the water .  The documentary Lair of the
Eason Chow , 25 , came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year .  The product , called Droops , is still in the early stages .  The pods will cost around # 4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost # 80 .  Mr Chow says the sugar coating will come in varying thickness and flavourings
Chelsea 's Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon d ` Or .  The 20-year-old is hoping to emulate compatriot Marcel Desailly .  He joined the Blues in January 2014 after making 73 appearances for Saint-Etienne .  He claims he has no regrets over leaving his native France so early in his career .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites .  The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube .  She said she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was ` better qualified ' to give advice .  Ms Bines also reveals she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about
Pollsters from Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates .  They asked them what they thought the biggest issues facing Britain were .  35 % of Tories mentioned the deficit , 5 % of Lib Dems and 9 % of SNP .  The omission recalls Ed Miliband 's embarrassing gaffe in which he forgot a passage about the deficit from his conference speech last year .  The economy and the NHS
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today-but none of its stores will have them in stock .  Instead , consumers willing to shell out between $ 549 to $ 17,000-for the gold edition-have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June .  Usually , Apple launches generate long lines outside stores .  But analysts believe the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted
Tottenham Hotspur are sixth in the Barclays Premier League .  Christian Eriksen has warned they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for next season 's Europa League .  Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives .  Tottenham have been linked with Florian Thauvin and Dynamo Kiev 's Andriy Yarmolenko .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Liverpool have been given the go-ahead to install a 4.5 metre fine mesh screen .  The club had grown concerns over team details being leaked prior to matches .  Liverpool City Council planning committee has given its approval on Tuesday .  Neighbours wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch the players .  A curtain of fine mesh will now cover at least one pitch and further
Kumar Sangakkara bid farewell to the one-day game on March 18 .  Sri Lanka 's sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked the batsman to reconsider his decision .  The 37-year-old scored four successive centuries before bowing out of the Cricket World Cup .
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win the Champions League with three different clubs .  The only other player to have won the trophy is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf .  Alonso won the European Champions League in his first season at Liverpool in 2005 .  And last season he was part of Carlo Ancelotti 's side to take the title , even though his yellow cards
Zac Efron has come along way since his High School Musical days .  The 27-year-old is one of the few male child stars who have blossomed as adults .  Ryan Gosling , Justin Timberlake , Taylor Lautner , Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Saved by the Bell all have grown into stunning adults .  We also got a sneak peek at Slater , who has a baby face we still consider him
When leaving Sydney , sit on the right hand side of the aircraft to get the best views of Sydney Harbour , ` says Captain Derek May , British Airways ' chief Boeing pilot .  Enjoy stunning views of Cape Town and Table Mountain if arriving from the North into Cape Town International Airport .  If you are flying into LAX from the east side , by sitting on the
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game award .  The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Doctorogba Foundation in Africa '  The 37-year-old scored against Leicester on Wednesday .  He spoke in a video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast .
Sean Dyche wants to replace Steve McClaren at Derby County .  The former England boss has been linked with a move to Newcastle and Sunderland .  Derby host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for top-flight survival .  Derby 's average home gate is 10,000 more than Burnley 's at Turf Moor .
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 .  Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but banned for four matches and fined # 220,000 by the FA .  Terry may no longer be at Loftus Road , but brother Rio could feature under Chris Ramsey .
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid .  The Welshman has been linked with Manchester United and Chelsea .  Mark Hughes has urged Bale to stay at the Nou Camp .  The 25-year-old missed the Champions League quarter-final after picking up an injury .
Divock Origi was signed by Liverpool in a # 10million deal from Lille .  Origi impressed for Belgium at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil .  The striker was loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season .  Origi is eagerly anticipating working under Brendan Rodgers at Anfield .  Origi believes the backing of Liverpool 's supporters will help him improve .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news
Stephanie Scott 's charred remains were found in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW .  The 26-year-old was due to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday .  A memorial service was held on Saturday at Mountford Park in Leeton .  Police will conduct an autopsy to determine how she was killed .  School cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with her
Wrecks of the James McBride and the Rising Sun were revealed this month after ice melted on the lake .  The 121-foot brig ran aground during a storm on October 19,1857 .  Her remains now lie in 15 feet of water near Sleeping Bear Point .  The images were taken by the U.S. . Coast Guard from a helicopter patrol over the Great Lake .  Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final .  The Polish international has lost his place to David Ospina after a number of errors this season .  Arsene Wenger has offered no further guarantees about the Polish goalkeeper .  The Gunners host Reading at Wembley on Saturday night .  The Colombian has won 11 out the 12 games he 's started in goal .  CLICK
Rebecca Grant , 40 , was found ` drunk ' in and out of traffic on a road in Maine .  She initially claimed she had been kidnapped and abused .  But when she refused to give the name of her captors , police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail .  She allegedly tried to head-butt a sheriff 's deputy and tore upholstery .  She
Karl Lagerfeld 's cat , Choupette , earned # 2.18 million last year .  That 's just # 220,000 less than Cara Delevingne , one of the world 's top models .  The cat was picked to appear in ads for cars and beauty products in Germany .  But he said she was ` too sophisticated ' to be used to advertise food for other cats .  The cat has
Abdul Hadi Arwani , 48 , was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in London .  He had been called to a job in the area where he was killed days before his death .  When he arrived , a potential client asked the imam to come back .  The man was identified as black and speaking with an African accent .  He pretended to have
Adele Adkins , 26 , has topped the young music rich list for the fourth year in a row .  The mother-of-one has earned # 5million in the last year .  She has double the wealth of her closest rivals-the four members of One Direction and their former compatriot Zayn Malik , who are worth # 25million each .  Ed Sheeran , 24 , has enjoyed the year 's biggest
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar .  The Italian now has nine winners from 29 rides , not sound seismic but it is significant compared to the last two seasons .  He is no longer champion jockey material but he does look to have significant
Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide .  The 20-year-old is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling .  When the camera pans back to him , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep .  It is claimed that the video was taken at his home in Southport .  Nitrous Oxide is also known as ` laughing gas ' due to the euphoric and
Matthew Whelan , 35 , changed his name to King of Inkland King Body Art The Extreme Ink-ite .  He has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings .  Mr Body Art says discrimination against people with body modifications has affected his career .  He has had his nipples cut off six months ago to give him a smoother canvas .  He also kept the discarded body parts
Steve Smith opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at 18 in 1990 .  The 52-year-old became a self-made millionaire when he sold it for # 50million .  He gave his parents half of profits from the sale - # 25million-to his parents .  He said he wanted to repay father 's initial loan of # 50,000 which helped him start company .  Today , Mr Smith lives in a
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged ` sex parties ' in Colombia as early as 2001 according to a new report .  This comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments .  The hearing came on the heels of a report by the Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General that described similar allegations between
Motiongate [UNK] Dubai is set to open in October 2016 .  Fans could have the chance to experience the death-defying adventures of Katniss Everdeen .  The four million square foot theme park is expected to attract over three million tourists annually .  It will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies via 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions .  The last movie in the Hunger Games franchise
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February .  The former West Ham boss blamed knee problems for his resignation .  Redk snapp was aware of constant talk of Tim Sherwood replacing him at Loftus Road earlier in the season .  The 68-year-old left the club second from bottom of the Premier League table .  QPR are now two points from safety under the leadership of Chris Ramsey .  CLICK
Photo album spans over China , Thailand , Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia .  Incredible images portray the crop 's full cycle from the sowing of seeds to the distribution of millions of tonnes .  Photographer Scott Gable , 39 , spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food .  Rice is a staple food for more than one-half
Matej Vydra fired home a stunning volley from the edge of the box to put Watford into the lead .  Adlene Guedioura slotted a vital second goal shortly after the break .  Millwall squandered a golden opportunity to deny Aiden O ` Brien two yards from goal .  Watford 's first win in 10 games was a 2-0 win over Millwall on Good Friday .  The Hornets are now in
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life , David Elliot , when she was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $ 1,000 to for her dress had closed down .  Ms McKenzie organised a payment plan with ` The Bridal Centre '  She started paying in February and planned to pay off her dress by July-around three months before her wedding-giving her
Dietitians have singled out a ` happy tummy brew ' in Pete Evans ` cookbook , Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way , for New Mums , Babies and Toddlers .  It contains almost five times the maximum vitamin A dose for a baby .  Evans ` co-authors , wellness blogger Charlotte Carr and naturopath Helen Padrin , told Channel 7 last week the dangerous formula had been reworked
Hodor , a character in Game of Thrones , earned his name because he says only the word ` Hodor ' over and over again .  He may have expressive aphasia , according to Jordan Lewis , of Penn State Medical School .  According to his great-grandmother Old Nan , his real name is Walder .  The character is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition .  In
Southampton are only ranked 16th in the Premier League in terms of their wage bill - # 55.2 million .  Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest wage payers with a wage bill of # 192.7 m .  The biggest under-achievers are QPR , with a # 75.3 m wage bill even from a season when they were in the Championship
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women .  Former Lib Dem councillor , 50 , used party 's headquarters in Ashfield , Nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films .  Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood .  Ms Gent 's other films include Dead
Comedian Dave Hughes called radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a ` w * * ker ' on national television .  Hughes and Hinch were on ABC 's Q & A on Monday night discussing alcohol and depression .  The episode came after a video surfaced of Prime Minister Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend .  Hughes told Kiis 101.1 radio he would not recant his
Brian Gewirtz told family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn , New York , home .  But he did n't come back and his family started a frantic search .  Police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club .  He was autistic and made it hard for him to understand spoken language .
Tomas Berdych defeated Juan Monaco 6-3 , 6-4 in the Miami Open .  The Czech will face Andy Murray in the last eight of the tournament .  Murray won in four sets in the Australian Open semi-final .
Lucy , 23 , and her 19-year-old sister Lydia , 19 , are new face of Sunkissed .  Says it was ` really lovely working together ' as they do n't get to see each other often .  Says she has stripped her make-up back and does n't wear heavy smokey eyes .  Says her favourite feature is her ` small waist ' and says she loves the smell .
Vladimir Bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s .  He was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda to the West .  He smuggled 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric institutions .  Now he has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court next month .  He will be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children .
Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 2-1 at the Stadium of Light in the Premier League on Saturday .  Yannick Bolasie scored an 11-minute hat-trick for Glenn Murray 's opener .  Alan Pardew had beaten in his last four Tyne-Wear derbies as Newcastle boss .  Steven Fletcher and Jermain Defoe could n't hide their disappointment following the defeat .  Alan Wickham scored the only goal of the game in the 89th minute
Swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror .  A giant manatee floated past just inches away from the young swimmer .  Seconds later , she shouts out ` Oh my God , get me out of here '  Manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft and have a top speed of just 5mph .
Jin Pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed .  He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ` worried it might not be clean '  He was caught out when the toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor .  He was hospitalised in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport in eastern China .  Authorities said they believed
Abase Hussen 's daughter Amira fled to Syria aged 15 from Bethnal Academy in East London .  She was one of three girls who flew to Turkey before being smuggled into Syria .  She and two friends were forced to flee to Turkey in February this year .  Mr Hussen said he could think of ` nothing ' to explain why she was going to join IS .  He has
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball 's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island , in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand .  He shared the moment he flew over what he 's described as an ` amazing and beautiful location '  ` It may be the single most beautiful place I have ever been , ' he wrote on his Facebook page last week .  The US-born
Egyptian officials left an African football event early after they were offended by a belly dancing performance .  Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football 's -LRB- CAF -RRB- Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo .  But delegates from the country stayed in an adjoining hall until the end of the performance , it was claimed .
Global Warming Policy Foundation -LRB- GWPF -RRB- will launch inquiry today .  Will look at ` adjustments ' made to temperature records around the world .  Sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments has skewed the records .  ` Extrapolations ' - when the records include virtual figures from places where there is no actual measuring station , instead basing them on the figures of other stations in
Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations .  It works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations , the defect that led to actress Angelina Jolie having her ovaries removed .  It stopped prostate cancer growth , generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans .  The drug , also known as Lynparza , was approved last month
Esa 's Rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko .  The first image was taken at 7 : 13 am BST -LRB- 2.13 am EST -RRB- on 12 March , and the second was taken two minutes later .  The jet is unusual because it is erupted from the dark underside of the comet , unlike the day side .  It 's
Simon Mignolet posted pictures of himself in an aeroplane cockpit on Wednesday .  The goalkeeper had been with Belgium for their Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel .  The 27-year-old is back in England ahead of Liverpool 's clash with Arsenal .  He has kept six clean sheets in his last six away Premier League games .
Sarah , 23 , was devastated to find out the man she 's always thought was her father is not her biological parent .  She appeared on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test .  Phil , who has raised Sarah , was equally upset to learn he was not her real father .  The pair were comforted by her and presenter Jeremy Kyle on the show .
Kristina Schake , 45 , left the East Wing in June 2013 and is reportedly behind the drive to get ex-secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , elected president next year .  She has been brought on to Mrs Clinton 's 2016 communications team to help recast her image .  She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old First Lady 's image into an all-American ` everywoman ' who shops at
Dan Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University .  The company processes credit card payments for small businesses .  Price said he was motivated to make the radical change after reading a study about how much pay increases happiness for people making less than $ 70,000 a year .
A shark appeared at Papamoa Beach , a popular Bay of Plenty destination .  Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish , but soon returned to take photographs and videos .  ` Look at it , it 's huge , ' shouted a boy from the shore .  The shark soon had enough of all the attention and swam back out to sea .  In the last fatal shark
Penny Wong 's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah on Good Friday .  Ms Wong shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning .  It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011 .  Hannah was conceived through IVF by the same man who helped them become parents to Alex .
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk , Russia .  He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top .  After deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough , the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit .  When police arrived they quickly discovered the thief 's selfie .  He was found guilty and given
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday .  Gary Cahill has won four cups with the Blues since joining in January 2012 .  The England defender is yet to win a Premier League title since joining the club .  The defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement .
Crystal O ` Connor and her father Kevin said they 'll re-open Memories Pizza in Walkerton , Indiana , after raising $ 500,000 for a fundraising page .  They were forced to close the doors because the phones kept ringing and they did n't know if orders were fake or real .  A week after the Religious Freedom Restoration Act was passed , no one has the legal right to
Jelle Vossen opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the first half .  Patrick Bamford doubled Middlesbrough 's lead in the second half .  The 21-year-old has now scored more league goals in one season than any other Boro player has achieved in the last 25 years .  Boro boss Aitor Karanka said before the game that his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in
Maya Angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning , was issued a Forever stamp on Tuesday .  ` A bird does n't sing because he has an answer , it sings because it has a song , ' reads the stamp , a quote that has long been attributed to Angelou .  ` The Postal
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker .  The former Manchester United boss rates Cristiano Ronaldo above Lionel Messi .  Ferguson said he is always asked ` who is the greatest player in the world ? '
John Pat Cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the Army in a field in Benburb , Co Armagh , in June 1974 .  Dennis Hutchings , 73 , has been charged with attempted murder .  He appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail .  Mr Cunningham , who had the mental age of a child between six and 10 , had
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police .  Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands .  Extra officers will also be present at mainline and underground stations .
Cultural historian at Syracuse University , London , Chris Cook , told the Sunday Times that whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades .  70 percent of people are in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago .  Half of those asked said they believed the decline was a result of the demise of working class culture , while a
The hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde .  They took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours .  Channel 's director , Yves Bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning .  He said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast pre-recorded programmes .  Hackers posted documents on TV5Monde 's Facebook page purporting to be CVs of
Award-winning artist Joe Joiner , from East London , has created the art installation as part of HSE 's Beware Asbestos campaign .  Over 50 families , all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos exposure , have contributed heartfelt messages to the art project .  It is made up of two huge glass boxes , inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs .
Tottenham are chasing highly-rated German midfielder Julian Weigl .  The 19-year-old is playing for 1860 Munich in Germany 's second division .  He was captain of the club until he was suspended for a late drinking session .  Tottenham fell to a 1-0 defeat against Aston Villa on Saturday .
La Gazzetta dello Sport scored England 's Theo Walcott five out of 10 .  Wayne Rooney , Andros Townsend and Ross Barkley all received seven out of ten .  Antonio Conte and Graziano Pelle scored in Italy 's 1-1 draw with England .  Yaya Toure continues to be linked with a move to Roberto Mancini 's Inter Milan .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy .  Manchester United and Chelsea have spent more than their Merseyside rivals .  Rodgers has signed 22 players during his tenure at Anfield .  But only seven of those can be considered a success at this current time .  Adam Lallana , Lazar Markovic ,
West Ham are set to move from Upton Park to the Olympic Stadium next year .  The Hammers announced their new season-ticket structure ahead of the move .  The cheapest season ticket is # 620 but there will be # 289 seats on offer .  Manager Sam Allardyce believes filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club .  West Ham 's vice-chairman Karren Brady visited the
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in six games for Aston Villa .  The Belgian striker is back to form under Tim Sherwood .  Villa are six points clear of QPR in the Premier League .
The alarm failed at George H.W. . Bush 's Houston home in September 2013 .  The Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014 , but it took until December for it to be installed .  It came despite an agent 's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it ` had exceeded its life cycle '  The request was denied for an unknown reason .  The
Darcy Atkinson , two , died of brain injuries in December 2012 .  He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died .  The toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend Adam Taylor .  He was rushed to Gosford Hospital before being airlifted to Sydney 's Westmead Children 's Hospital after throwing up three times and going
Dr Christopher Valentine used his iPod to take illicit photos of patients , tribunal heard .  The 52-year-old was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago .  He was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics .  Nurse Fiona White was stunned to find images of a semi-naked man on the device .  Valentine told her the image was
The Hobart International Airport website has been shut down .  It was defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS .  Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport .  Customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information .
Lewis Hamilton 's contract with Mercedes is worth an estimated # 21million per year .  The 30-year-old says it is ` 99.6 per cent done ' and is now in the hands of his lawyers .  It means it is unlikely ` the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix .  Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on Sunday
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for Europe through Fair Play rankings .  The top three nations in UEFA 's rankings qualify for the Europa League .  West Ham currently sit third in the Premier League 's Fair Play table .  The Hammers face bottom-club Leicester City at the King Power Stadium on Saturday .
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years .  The dolphins were once a rare sight in the Hebrides , preferring warmer waters found further south .  Warmer water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore , the trust said .  While they were once drawn to warmer
The storm system , which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring .  Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees .  The Storm Prediction Center said 57 million people lived in an area with an
Christopher May , 50 , will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates ` Court tomorrow .  Family of Tracey Woodford described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless '  47-year-old 's body was found dismembered in a flat in Ponty Pridd , Wales .  She is believed to have been attacked in woodland on Tuesday before being taken back to property .  Body was discovered with ` massive injuries '
Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority had launched bid to keep MPs ` receipts secret .  IPSA chief Sir Ian Kennedy said it was a ` test case ' for Ipsa and other public bodies .  Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all copies of original documents .  Case stems from request for three specific invoices submitted by politicians in 2010 .  Instead of providing the original invoice ,
Police in Hagerstown , Maryland , have asked the Washington County Sheriff 's Office to investigate the death of a man in custody .  The man , who has not yet been identified , died either inside an ambulance , accompanied by two officers , or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead early Friday morning .  The man was not carrying identification but police were later able to
Thierry Henry has criticised Arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window .  The Frenchman believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker .  Henry also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker .  Arsenal are third in the Premier League , level
Sofinar Gourian , aka known as ` Safinaz ' , was fined # 15,000 after being found guilty .  She is expected to avoid jail time after paying # 10,000 bail and launching an appeal .  Insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under Egyptian President Adly Mansour .
Sally Lutkin , 49 , wanted a tattoo of her grandchildren 's names tattooed on her leg .  Had a rose surrounded by her grandchildren Harvey , seven , Harvey Junior , six , and Cooper , one , tattooed above her left ankle in November 2013 .  But the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and could n't walk .  She was rushed to A
FEMAIL rounds up the stars whose looks have n't changed for at least 10 years .  Kate Hudson , now 36 , looks the same as when she did when she was a 20-something .  Pharrell Williams has hardly aged a day in the last 12 years .  Rihanna , Keira Knightley and Jared Leto all have a lot of ageing .  The looks of British actors have barely changed
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night .  Raheem Sterling scored the opening goal in the ninth minute .  The 20-year-old has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide .  Sterling faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour .  Brendan Rodgers says he will take time to talk to the youngster .  He said that Sterling 's behaviour would be dealt with
Small time drug dealer Rudy Guede , 29 , is serving a 16-year sentence for murder .  Ivory Coast national 's DNA was found all over bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found .  Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the murder .  They were cleared by Italy 's highest court last month after being cleared .  Supreme Court 's ruling throws a new lifeline to Guee ,
The ` poison pen ' letter was sent to an ` baby spamming ' mother after Jade Ruthven , 33 , got fed up with the amount of pictures and statuses she was writing on Facebook about her baby daughter .  The dental hygienist was so upset that she forwarded it onto comedian Em Rusciano-who shared it with her thousands of followers on social media .  The letter claims to
England completed four days of warm-up action in Basseterre on Thursday .  Alastair Cook and Ian Bell looked in fluent touch before retiring .  Chris Jordan and James Tredwell will now face some low-quality bowling .
Orgasmic meditation was founded by US entrepreneur Nicole Daedone .  It involves light stimulation of a woman 's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption .  The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to ` feel ' the sensation as intensely as possible .  Usually practiced in pairs , there is a ` strokee ' and ` stroker '  There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in
David Turner 's new book , The Old Boys , lays bare the little-known history of public schools .  From the 18th Century onwards there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country 's best-known public schools .  In the modern era the schools do more good than harm , he says .  Over a third of the UK 's gold medal winners attended fee-paying schools .  Eddie Remayne
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened first session of the second Test in Grenada .  Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind by James Anderson .  Smith should still be there after replays clearly showed the ball had missed his outside edge as he thrust forward outside off stump .  Smith declines his choice to review the decision with HotSpot not available
Kevin Pietersen 's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts .  Agent Adam Wheatley insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former Sun editor David Yelland during KP 's supposed reintegration into the England team in 2012 .  Andy Flower continues to earn # 300,000-a-year as technical director of elite coaching despite his Ashes humiliation .  Tehsin Nayani has
Norma Esparza , 40 , says she was intimidated into identifying her rapist to Gianni Van , 45 , now 45 .  Van is charged with the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez .  Ramirez 's blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine , California road in 1995 .  Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside .  Van
Jackson Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .  The 18-year-old and his family found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation on the Gold Coast .  The Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $ 47,000 being raised by Tuesday night .  Messages of support and promotion of
Kevin Sinfield will quit rugby league at the end of the season .  Sinfield , 34 , will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract .  Former England and England coach Tony Smith says he was ` shocked ' by the decision .  Sinfield has missed Leeds ` last two games through injury .  He is closing in on third place in rugby league 's all-time scoring list with 3,997
African football 's president Issa Hayatou has promised unanimous support for Sepp Blatter .  Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998 .  FIFA vice president Prince Ali bin al-Hussein of Jordan , Dutch FA head Michael van Praag , and former Portugal international Luis Figo are standing against Blatter .
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades .  They wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world 's biggest stars .  They created the memorable theme tune of Australian television soap Neighbours .  Hatch died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer .  He was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye .  But he
First-of-its-kind technology was developed by Sendum Wireless Corp . .  The service is available for $ 50 per flight from 10 US airports .  It is hoped the technology will give owners peace of mind during their travels .
Arsenal face Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday in the Premier League .  Arsene Wenger 's side have won 15 of their last 17 Premier League games .  The Gunners are seven points behind leaders Chelsea with a game in hand .  Wenger has challenged his squad to focus on winning the title .  Wenger says : ` I have to live with reality and reality is points and the
John Young , 66 , was attacked in front room of his home in Oldham , Greater Manchester .  Thugs began pelting his front window with stones when he confronted them .  When one brick smashed the glass , Mr Young went to confront them .  He was hit in his left eye but doctors were unable to save his eyesight .  Retired HGV driver said he now ` does
The Duchess of Cambridge 's younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a London park , stopping to chat to a fellow jogger .  The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in the 54-mile London to Brighton charity bike ride in June to raise money for the British Heart Foundation .  Last month it emerged a planned deal for her to join US television channel NBC
Unlucky man was attacked during a bullrunning event in Teulada , Spain .  He was sprinting ahead of the animal , trying to make it to safety behind iron bars .  The angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor with one of its horns .  Despite his desperate efforts to climb back up , the bull appeared to hit him in the bottom .  The unnamed man was seen
Patients are being put at risk because paramedics are leaving firemen to deal with 999 calls , healthcare leaders warn .  Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid-yet they are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance .  The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous but is becoming more common because the ambulance
A car with a family of four plunged into the water at the Port of Los Angeles on Thursday night and landed upside down in about 30 feet of water .  Two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition , authorities said .  The boy 's parents swam to the surface , but the children were stuck in the vehicle .  They were n't breathing when
St George 's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients in the West Midlands .  It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments .  It was initially large enough to hold 120 patients but between 1879 and 1884 two extra wings were added .  Suicide cages were erected in
Ed Balls refused to rule out a five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax .  He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax .  Said he was unsure how quickly the threshold could be raised .  Main rate has been brought down under the Coalition from 28 per cent to 21 per cent .  Tories vowing to lower corporation tax if they win office .
Sir Bruce Forsyth , now 87 , has spoken out in support of assisted dying .  He said it can be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than to let someone die .  Sir Bruce 's first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 .  He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year .  Sir Bruce said he
Leicester were bottom of the Premier League at the end of March with 19 points , seven off safety .  Nigel Pearson 's side will be out of the relegation zone on Saturday .  The Foxes have won three of their last four games on the bounce .  Only Arsenal -LRB- 8 -RRB- and Chelsea -LRB- 4 -RRB- can better that as a winning streak .  QPR and Burnley have
Kezzia French , 46 , thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999 .  The little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father , Meyrick Fowler .  Fowler , then 24 , flew into a rage when his lottery number 's did n't come up .  He was convicted of her manslaughter and jailed for four years .  But police failed to tell Ms
M & S is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose for the first time .  The # 18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple 's Chateau Miraval estate .  It was purchased for # 41million by the couple in 2012 .
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a new PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights .  Jemima says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure .  The actress says she has since given birth to a daughter named Rafella Israel Mosberg .  In a 2012 episode of HBO series Girls , Jemimi 's character Jessa had a pregnancy
The unnamed health worker has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment .  She did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5 .  Health officials say it 's most unlikely she has E virusa .  Her symptoms-a fever and stomach upset-are consistent with many other conditions .
Denmark 's Crown Princess Mary , 43 , and her three youngest children , Princess Isabella , seven , and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent , four , enjoyed a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge , a village in Zealand .  Mary 's husband , Crown Prince Frederik , 46 , and eldest son Prince Christian , nine , were also there for the outing .
14million working households -- more than nine in ten -- are given an average boost of # 200 a year to their incomes .  Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money .  He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes , with less spent on ` bureaucracy ' and ` crackpot Government schemes '  ` There is no such
The Reddit thread focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments .  One user described the process of ` ordering ' a bride from Russia or the Philippines , where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in Europe and the US .  The fee to find a bride this way , according to this user
Julieane Jablonski , 38 , was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness .  Austin Essig , 19 , jumped out of a third-story window ` without hesitation ' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie .  The alleged victim in the case took to the police 's Facebook page to describe the strange ` trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie .
Andy Murray is set to marry girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday .  The British No 1 is planning to work with former world No 3 Jonas Bjorkman .  Murray 's current coach Amelie Mauresmo is expecting a baby .  The Swede may have to alter her coaching schedule after the birth .
Woman accused of using disaster for her own gain to get free flights to southern France .  Newspaper based in town that lost 16 students and two teachers said she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins .  Police investigating possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned .  Airbus A320 went down in remote region of French Alps
An alleged online sex offender has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences .  The 47-year-old man from Warwick , 150km south-west of Brisbane , has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states .  Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 .  He allegedly used names like ` Jazz ' , ` Jazzman '
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  It could signal the break-up of the Dortmund squad .  Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United .  Ciro Immobile has struggled to compensate for Robert Lewandowski 's departure .
Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC .  Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack .  But new research suggests he was suffering from a series of mini-strokes .  These include vertigo , dizziness and weakness in his limbs .  Doctors at Imperial College London came to the conclusion after taking a new look at his symptoms .  For instance , Caesar was
The cast of Absolutely Fabulous are set to reunite for a film .  Jennifer Saunders , who wrote and starred in the series , confirmed the cast will begin filming in the autumn .  She revealed that Joanna Lumley , who plays Patsy in the comedy , had told her to ` do it before we die '  She was spurred on to finish the script by a # 10,000
NAC Breda lost 2-1 against FC Dordrecht on Saturday evening .  Manager Robert Maaskant threw a devastating right hook to the side of the dugout .  The 46-year-old was incensed by his side 's lack of concentration .  NAC were rooted to the bottom of the Eredivisie with two goals in as many minutes .
Liverpool fans are unhappy at being charged # 50 for tickets to Hull City .  Last season , the same seats at The KC Stadium were sold for # 35 .  That price has caused outrage , given that Stoke fans were charged # 16 for tickets when they went to Hull in August .  Brendan Rodgers says he respects the fans ` right to protest .  Hull boss Steve
Chief executive Clive Schlee has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy .  FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova travelled to four different Pret A Manger shops in London to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff .  On three of the visits , she wore no make-up , her glasses and a casual outfit
Nick Clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the ` ideological gimmicks ' of Michael Gove .  Mr Gove was the first Tory Education Secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010 .  He was demoted from running the ministry in last year 's Cabinet reshuffle .  Lib Dems have sought to claim mantle as the ` party of education ' , pledging to protect spending
Mandy Greenwood , 39 , from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , was abused by her father at the age of seven .  Keith Whitworth , now 61 , has been jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children .  Mandy escaped home life by getting pregnant with her daughter at 15 , and son four years later .  She said : ` My dad used to
Romelu Lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals .  The Belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland .  The 21-year-old is Everton 's top scorer this season with 18 goals .  Most have come playing as a lone front man but he is hoping to strike up a partnership with Arouna Kone .
Host Alex Trebek asked : ` In common law , the age of this , signaling adulthood , is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls ? '  The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom , a freemason , who inexplicably answered : ` What is the age .  # jeopardy trending on Twitter with people voicing their opinons .
Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs beat South Sydney Rabbitohs 18-17 at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on Friday .  Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters .  Canterbury head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans .  Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to
Jenny-Lee , 28 , was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy .  Doctors at Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy , she refused both options .  Her mother Heather has said her daughter believed the treatment would harm her unborn child , named Aroura .  Instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter 's unnecessary
Dusan Bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager 's phone .  He put his arm around the girl 's neck and repeatedly punched her .  One horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit her ` like a boxer '  She was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child .  Bako was initially charged with child destruction but pleaded
Aberdeen are eight points behind Celtic at the top of the Scottish Premiership .  Ronny Deila 's side will have the chance to clinch a fourth successive Premiership crown when they face Celtic on May 11 .  Aberdeen have lost all three previous meetings with Celtic this season .  Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year on Thursday .  The 27-year-old has scored 27 goals in all
David Curry was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth , Northumberland .  When the family arrived he was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms .  The 49-year-old builder was wearing a pair of # 40 Adidas trousers .  The pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since
Rilwan Oshodi , 31 , bought Karen Budow 's bank account details for just # 3,200 .  He spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers .  He now claims he is so broke he ca n't even pay his lawyers .  But he has been told he must repay the money within six months or face a further four years .  He was jailed for
The sum , will be divided among patients of Dr . Nikita Levy , a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic .  Levy was fired in February 2013 , days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over the camera .  Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a
A minute 's silence will be held on Saturday to mark the 30th anniversary of the Bradford fire .  The fire tore through Valley Parade 's main stand during a Third Division match against Lincoln City on May 11,1985 .  The top four tiers of the game will mark their passing this weekend .  The Football League will be supporting efforts to raise # 300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The pair have revealed a dozen oddities in the build-up to the mega fight .  Ramen noodle soup is one of his favourite snacks and he does n't like five star restaurants .  He eats 2,500 sit-ups a day during training camp .  He gets a manicure and pedicure at home once a week during training
Sportsmail 's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend .  Alexis Sanchez , Bobby Zamora , Charlie Adam and Jermain Defoe .  Wayne Rooney scored an overhead kick against Aston Villa on Saturday .  Charlie Adam scored an audacious long-range effort against Chelsea on Saturday .  Wayne Rooney 's goal in the Tyne-Wear derby against Newcastle United on Sunday .  Jamie 's side beat West Brom 4-1
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The Filipino boxer has revealed his colourful mouthpiece .  The 36-year-old is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon the pair .  The fight is reportedly worth # 300million -LRB- # 205million -RRB- and has generated such intense interest that the cheapest tickets are going at around # 1,000 .
Ancient Egyptian civilisations were hit by a ` perfect storm ' of disasters 3,200 years ago .  This left them unable to cope with climate change , droughts , famines , earthquakes and internal rebellions between 1225BC and 1177 BC .  Professor Eric Cline , director of George Washington University , says the collapse of these great societies also affected the others , creating a domino-like effect .
The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white .  They use the keyboard to enter their answer in order to progress to the next level .  There are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help players , or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly .  The game is available to download for iOS
Ben Crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the Masters .  Arnold Palmer is unable to play as he recovers from a dislocated shoulder .  The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday .  The winner of the par three contest has never gone on to win the tournament proper in the same year .
The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome to be based at Microsoft 's Redmond offices in Washington .  Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne .  Announcement was made on the company 's official blog by Mary Ellen Smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations .  Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn .  If successful
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season .  The Italy Under 20 international is out of contract at Bramall Lane .  Benfica and Juventus are interested in the forward .  Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation .
Sarah Stage , a Los Angeles-based lingerie model and animal rights activist , has been making waves online with her series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram as she documents her first pregnancy .  The 30-year-old is less than a month from her due date , but many of her 1.4 m followers ca n't believe she is eight months pregnant .  Despite being in the advanced stages of her pregnancy
The baby boy 's body was found floating on a pond in Weasenham St Peter , Norfolk .  Police exhumed his body in April last year as part of a case review .  DNA samples led police to his mother , who has not been named .  The woman was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped .  She explained how she had concealed the pregnancy from
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home on Saturday .  Hector Bellerin , Mesut Ozil , Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud scored for the Gunners .  But Arsene Wenger says they will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title .  But Wenger insists they will be ready if Chelsea slip .  Liverpool must give Raheem Sterling up to # 15m
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty .  The Queensland teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year and has worn a boy 's uniform for two years .  He is one of many young Australians who have to seek permission from the Family Court and prove they are making an ` independent '
Israeli Jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on Thursday marking Holocaust memorial day .  Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out .  Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem 's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial , parliament and elsewhere .  The two-minute silence is
Australian beautician Chernae Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003 .  BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy -LRB- LVMH -RRB- .  Bernard Arnault is the world 's 13th richest billionaire .  He is the second richest person in France , according to Forbes .  The case was heard in the Australian Trade Marks Office earlier this year in February .  She said customers would confuse
Liris Crosse , 32 , is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus-size modelling world .  Liris ` model idol has always been Naomi Campbell , who she ' obsessed over ` as a young girl .  The size 18 model -LRB- US 14 -RRB- has been told to lose weight to succeed .  But she proved her doubters wrong by appearing in top fashion shoots .
A cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Hunan Province .  A student at the Hunan University of Science and Technology saw the cloud on his way to the library last Friday .  GoodFate said the password must be ` moguiyun ' -LRB- Mandarin for Devil 's Cloud -RRB- and lanting _ spring added ` That 's God 's router ! '
Andy Lee takes on Peter Quillin at the Barclays Center on Saturday night .  The 30-year-old was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title .  But the Irishman failed to make the 160lb weight needed to register 160l 6 .  The bout will no longer be a title fight after Quillins failed to reach the 160 lbs weight .  The fight was screened live on US
Miracle Godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at East Quarry near Wigan .  Teenager went for a swim on the hottest day of the year so far .  Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers .  Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious .  A petition calling for the quarry to be drained is due to be
Carlos Boente , 33 , was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman .  The prisoner asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour .  He bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls-telling her sob stories .  In January last year he made numerous abusive calls to the woman , telling her she was going to die and making threats against her
If you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire-no six-figure salary necessary .  Jetsuite . com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates .  For European or international flights , try PrivateFly 's ` Em pty Legs ' option which will get you 75 per cent off .  Airbnb , HomeAway and VRBO have paved the
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tiplico 's latest advert .  The pair renew their rivalry by playing in a top trump style competition .  Kahn lists his accolades including three World Goalkeeper of the Year titles .  The pair have so many ` cards ' to play , they ` re still playing them 50 years later .
Rachel Simpson , 15 , was diagnosed with one-in-a-million genetic condition last year .  She suffers from a mutation of the GATA2 gene , which is important in the production of blood cells .  Disorder means a sufferer 's blood count might be low , making them more vulnerable to infection .  Or , the blood cells might be abnormal , leading to leukaemia .  The rest of her family
Britney E . Montenegro , 20 , was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando , Florida , early Saturday .  The fight started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets .  Police say the fight involved ` multiple individuals '  Montenegro allegedly tried to attack another woman , ` running at her with her fists raised '  She was relatively unscathed despite being covered in blood .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Rand Paul , 52 , and Dan Blizerian , 34 , were playing Liar 's Poker-a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes .  The pair were playing with $ 100 bills in their hands .  In the clip , the two men were playing a table opposite one another with money fans .  The video is titled ` Lessons
Kate , 22 , lives by the ABC rule : No alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates .  Only eats certain fruits-blueberries , blackberries , strawberries , kiwis and apples .  She goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every photo shoot .  The blonde supermodel , who wears a US size 8 -LRB- UK size 12 -RRB- , is seen as a role model for young women .  On
Manchester United scouts are due to watch Inter Milan striker Mauro Icardi .  The 22-year-old has turned down Inter Milan 's latest contract offer .  Chelsea , Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the Argentine .
Time lapse footage of a Sydney train station flooding has been captured on CCTV .  It shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney 's south .  The flooding forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line .  Twelve local government areas have been declared natural disaster zones .  Thousands of people remain stranded in parts of New South Wales as emergency services begin to
Slipper Island is a 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand 's North Island .  It boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views .  The sale has divided the Needham family who own the island , with some of them claiming it represents ` the loss of the family 's legacy
Victor Agbafe , 17 , is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington , North Carolina .  He plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics .  He hopes to become a neurosurgeon after visiting at many colleges as possible .  Harold Ekeh of Long Island is also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools .
Corporal Mark Donaldson is one of Australia 's most decorated soldiers , one of the very few to have been awarded the nation 's highest military honour , the Victoria Cross , for his bravery in Afghanistan .  He and fellow SAS troops hunted down and shot dead a Taliban warlord who had boasted of killing Prince Harry .  Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas .  Tickets for the fight are expected to fetch upwards of $ 130,000 online .  The fight is expected to be the richest fight in boxing 's history .  Periscope allows users to stream a live stream to their social media followers .  The live streams can be filmed on iPhones and iPads .  The app was
Kristina Karo is suing Mila Kunis for $ 5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills .  She alleges that she was a classmate of Kunis , 31 , who moved to the U.S. . from Ukraine in 1991 .  Karo claims that the pair were ` inseparable ' growing up .  She says that when ` Doggie ' disappeared , Kunis confessed to the crime and told
The original version of the Nissan Note was named the most uncomfortable car .  The Hyundai i20 was the second most uncomfortable , with 81.1 % of the vote .  Lexus RX Mk2 and Grand Cherokee Mk4 also made the top ten .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules club function by skolling a beer .  The Prime Minister was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous .  It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner , as players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` Tony '  Mr Abbott also gave a
George Osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for Britain 's top earners .  Instead he says the Conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from # 10,000 to # 12,500 .  Raising 40 per cent tax so that it only applies to those earning at least # 50,000 was also a priority , he said .  At present anyone earning between # 31,866 to
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 30z , little more than a bag of sugar .  He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem .  He was given just a 10 per cent chance of surviving , and his parents were told he was too weak to live .  But he has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday
Dr Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health .  Dr Briden says PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet .  She says that symptoms such as irritability , cravings and fatigue are common , but they ` re not normal .  She says she helped a patient who was suffering with PMS by changing her eating habits .
Alex Song has picked his # one2eleven XI on The Fantasy Football Club on Sky Sports .  Song believes Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League .  Song believes Rigobert Song is a similar character to Carlos Puyol so makes his XI .  Xavi is an unbelievable player and gives you the tempo of the game .  Iniesta is the magician . For one player it
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday .  Karim Benzema scored a brace and Gareth Bale also got on the scoresheet .  Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 thanks to Jeremy Mathieu 's diving header .
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a great send-off during the Grand National at Aintree this week as racegoers tip a fairytale ending to his glorious career .  The 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then .  The Royal Liver Building in Liverpool was lit up with an image of McCoy winning the world famous Grand National on
Richard Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost to the New England Patriots in this year 's Super Bowl on February 5 .  In the most recent photo , Sherman and his girlfriend Ashley Moss are seen cradling their son , Rayden , on the beach .  The 27-year-old cornerback was named the NFC Defensive Player of the Year by the Kansas City Committee of 101 in the 2014 season .
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born .  The baby 's bile ducts were blocked , a condition that can prove fatal if untreated .  Both parents Jade Reader and Matthew Bygrave were told the baby would need a liver transplant .  Mother was not a suitable match , her twin sister proved an ideal candidate .  Ms Bygrave offered part of her liver to
Around 50 children at Jianxin Primary School , in eastern China , are being put through their paces .  Instructors at the school , in Zhejiang province , say they are aimed at making fitness fun .  One 11-year-old pupil weighs in at 180lbs , according to a survey .  The classes are named after a Dreamworks film of the same name .  In which an overweight panda becomes a
Ukip 's vote has fallen in nine battleground constituencies polled by Lord Ashcroft .  Support for Mr Farage 's party has more than halved in two seats .  He is now sitting in second place in the Kent constituency , 1 per cent below his Conservative rival Craig Mackinlay and only just ahead of Labour .  Today 's polling also mirrors nationwide polls which show that Ukips 's support has
Authorities say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s , killing her .  The tree fell onto the car around 4 p . m . Sunday .  Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle .  Due to the tree 's size , police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than normal .
Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington , south London , was bulldozed in June 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties .  Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there .  Stuart Hazell , 39 , murdered the schoolgirl and dumped her body in the loft .  He was living there with his partner , Christine Bicknell , Tia 's grandmother .
Steve O ` Shaughnessy , 23 , killed his partner LaTasha Gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , Janyaa , 4 , and Jenika , 8 , and son Landen , 7 , on Wednesday in Prince Albert , Canada .  He sent photos of the bodies in a text message to the children 's father , Jason Goslings , the day before his birthday .  Latasha was
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel , the senior citizens are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious-and mixed -- results .  While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app , they still ca n't really wrap their heads around the point of the app .  They are given cell phones so they can learn how
Clermont Auvergne thrashed Northampton 37-5 in the European Champions Cup on Saturday .  Nick Abendanon was man of the match for the third time this year .  The 28-year-old admits he has not given up on the slim possibility of a Test recall .  A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon 's English flanker Steffon Armitage .  Anthony Watson believes it is only a matter of time before
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute .  Tim Sherwood restored Emmanuel Adebayor 's Tottenham career with a goal .  Villa striker scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 Premier League draw with QPR .  Villa 's Sanchez was sent off in the second half for two bookings .  Aston Villa remain top of the Premier League after a 3-0 win over QPR .  Bentekes has
Taylor Davis , 20 , was seen in the Kissimmee , Florida store , touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday .  Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot .  While in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt but did not expose himself .  The 20-year-old said he
Doug Hughes , 61 , landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. . Capitol this week to protest campaign finance laws .  He spent two years planning the stunt , which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress .  Now under arrest , he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin , Florida , where he will wear an
Tania Rahman , 27 , was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand .  When she asked to be counted in she was told her stall , Chit Chaat Chai , would not be allowed because it is not ` English-themed '  Council has since apologised for the ` discriminatory ' letter .  Ms Rahman said : ` I consider myself to be English-I was
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in Eastpointe , Michigan .  The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck , her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy .  Police discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police .  She could n't reach her sister , stopped by
Sir Ranulph , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today .  But he was taken to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart .  He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run .  He said : ` I became woozy and had the feeling I was going to faint . It 's not worth pushing it
Cindy Santamaria-Williams , of Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday .  She tearfully told WPXI that she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly .  Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught .
The lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants .  Dating back to around 1840 , it will go under the hammer in Etwall , Derbyshire .  Nightingale wrote about her nursing experiences in the Crimean War .  She was sent to Renkioi Hospital in 1854 to care for soldiers .
Charles Severance , 54 , has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning , Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato , in Alexandria , Virginia .  All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks .  Prosecution said Severance 's writings linked the murders to a bible passage called ` Parable of the Knocker '  It said : ` The last scream of a victim echoes to
Shibu Inu and husky appeared at an American Kennel Club centre .  The pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting the husky .  The two dogs began yapping , whining and barking at one another .  A staff member from the centre attempted to pacify the puppy by giving it a rub .
Housing association tenants paying cheap rent to live in homes worth millions could get the chance to buy them at discounted prices under new right-to-buy plans .  A number of people are currently paying around # 150 a week for flats in exclusive parts of Mayfair and Covent Garden .  They are owned by housing association and are now worth several million .  Under Conservative plans the right to buy
Photographer Vincent Cianni , 63 , has spent three years travelling the U.S. . photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen .  He said he wanted to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with , voluntarily signing up for a system that did , and in many ways still does , oppress them .  A major turning point for gay people in the Military came
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory in Newport , Oregon , recorded underwater volcanoes .  The bubbling lava erupting from the volcanic vent Hades produced a distinctive acoustic signature .  Instead of the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land , undersea volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead .  Using their unique sound signature , researchers will be able to detect
French MPs voted to punish anyone who ` incites ' people to become dangerously thin .  They will face a year in prison and a fine of up to # 7,000 weeks .  MPs in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment .  They singled out those who ` provoke people to excessive thinness '  In March , MPs in France rejected a proposal that would have seen
Franck Ribery limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury .  The French winger says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund .  The French star says he ` ca n't even run ' after failing to recover from injury .  The French ace is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen in midweek .
Taxi driver , known as Salim , is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman in Jaipur .  The man , from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan , is being held in custody .  He allegedly approached the woman and offered his service as a guide .  He has been arrested under section 354 of IPC -LRB- Indian Penal Code -RRB- .  His arrest follows a number of incidents against
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in an ` idyllic ' # 500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury , Herefordshire .  The 71-year-old had been struggling to cope with his wife 's Alzheimer 's .  Couple moved to picturesque Bosbury from Droitwich , Worcestershire , in 2006 .  But he was said to be fighting plans to build a gipsy camp close to their home .  He was concerned the camp would
New poll shows Ukip trailing 18 points behind Tories and seven behind Labour .  Farage admits he has ` made some mistakes ' by trying to do too much .  But he insists he is looking forward to the rest of the campaign and has ` a bit of the old vim and vigour back '  He appeared on ITV 's Lorraine this morning and says he is ` rejuvenated
Royal Dutch Shell Plc has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an .  order to remove Greenpeace activists who climbed aboard the Polar Pioneer .  The environmental group said in a statement its team would .  occupy the underside of the main deck of the .  which is under contract to Shell , and plans to unfurl a banner .  with the names of millions of people
50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world , ITV is bringing it back .  The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures .  Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike .  Parker , meanwhile , returns with his original voice , that of 89-year-old David Graham , but
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new contract with Liverpool .  The 20-year-old said he rejected a # 100,000-a-week deal at Anfield .  Sterling has played in various positions this season under Brendan Rodgers .  He has played as a striker and at wing back for the Reds .  But it has been a result of injuries and suspensions , rather than a long-term strategy .  It raises wider questions
Two fishermen from Clacton , Essex , had to be rescued from their DIY boat .  The fishermen had taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue .  They scavenged wood , scrap plywood , laminate flooring , coat hangers and silicone glue .  The pair spent just # 9 on silicone sealant to hold the boat together .  They were scuppered when an oar snapped 200
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya in Gudibanda , India .  She said : ` I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18 '  She added that she wanted the teacher to stop the marriage ` whichever way possible '  Her father Lachhu said it was difficult to find a suitable match for a
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of teachers in the U.S. . to student race .  They found that the teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought are white .  The researchers found that racial stereotypes had little impact on the teachers ` views of the pupils after one infraction .  However , the second piece of misbehaviour
Kim Pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day when she gave birth .  She cut the umbilical cord with s scissors , but nobody knew she was pregnant .  She returned to the bathroom to deliver the boy and hid the baby in her desk drawer .  Two employees went to the restroom and found the baby wrapped up at her feet .  She has been
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at former England captain Graham Gooch .  Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen .  Pietersen appeared to take exception to Gooch 's suggestion that a Test series victory in the West Indies would take the 34-year-old 's name off the agenda .  Pietersen retweeted a BBC Online article and then posted a brief
The Duchess of Cambridge is said to have invested in # 4-a-piece mull-cloth nappies for her sister .  The nappies are made of natural fibres and are popular in Europe .  Yoomi 's self-warming baby bottle promises to gently warm a baby 's feed to the natural temperature of breast milk in just 60 seconds .  The Baby Shusher can be programmed to make 15 minutes or 30 minutes of
Rebecca Exton-Russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns .  But Derby-based model was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body .  She checked into military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months .  Went down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone after leaving No 1 Boot Camp .  Lost a further stone herself after she left the camp
Jose Mourinho and Manuel Pellegrini will go head-to-head to sign Nathan .  The attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense .  Nathan would join fellow Brazilians Willian , Ramires , Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge .  21-year-old Lucas Piazon is on loan at Eintracht Frankfurt .
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous .  It is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine .  Despite restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to define Dubai as a holiday destination .  A-listers including Emily Blunt , Cate Blanchett and Lily Allen .  Karl Lagerfeld showed his Chanel Cruise collection in Dubai .  Sarah
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Indonesia 's head of General Crimes sent letters to prosecutors of all 10 death row prisoners on Thursday .  The only thing left after this is to announce the execution date .  The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island-where the executions will be carried out-on Saturday .  Lawyer for a Nigerian man scheduled for execution says the embassy has been summon to Central Java , a likely sign
Julie Merner , 39 , has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years .  The mother-of-three has severe liver cirrhosis , which has ravaged her liver .  ` I know if I carry on , I will end up dead-they say one more drop will kill me , ' she said .  ` I do n't see it as a waste of money , they are
Chelsea are interested in Fulham goalkeeper Marcus Bettinelli .  The 22-year-old has one more year left on his contract at Craven Cottage .  Jose Mourinho watched him play in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham .  Petr Cech is expected to leave the club in the summer .
Dead pair discovered in public park in Haryana state , 30 miles south of New Delhi .  Man 's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk , police said .  His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlyweds .
Randy Lerner is expected to attend Aston Villa 's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool .  The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year ownership .  Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May .  He is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around # 150million once the season is finished .
A swastika and the word ` scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night .  A ` Q ' was also added to the blue front door , which some people said stands for quisling-a person who collaborates with an enemy .  Ross Thomson , a Scottish Conservative Councillor , posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today
Janet Street-Porter is a self-confessed bargain hunter .  She hates it she discovers her discount vouchers are out of date .  Is there anything less attractive than a man 's chin covered by a thick mat of hair ?  What 's wrong with a pot of jam on the table ?  Is there any soul-destroying than lovingly nurturing broad beans , peas and lettus ?  What is the bane of
England assistant coach Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up in England .  Stuart Lancaster 's side begin their World Cup campaign against Fiji at Twickenham on September 18 .  The tournament will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action .  England must name a 31-man World Cup squad by August 31 .  Farrell admits
The UK is to open its first three proton beam therapy centres by 2017 .  The first in Cardiff , London and Northumberland will be open by 2017 .  Five-year-old Ashya King suffered from brain cancer but has now been given the all-clear .  He was given proton beams instead of chemotherapy and radiotherapy .  Parents Brett and Naghmeh King sparked an international manhunt after taking their son out of
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia 's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 .  The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company in a modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22 .  He is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $ 12 million to make a stunning 1918 Centennial Park mansion their home .  He will share the home with his wife , Annie Todd , the designer behind
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course .  The student was left with two black eyes and a bruised neck during an incident in February .  Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds .  Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid # 200 in compensation and wrote a letter
Latisha Fisher , 35 , was arrested Monday after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher to death in a restroom at 5 Boro Burger in Midtown .  The mother allegedly told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son .  Fisher was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing .  She was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of
Twice as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on Tories .  One bookie has taken five bets for more than # 10,000 on Cameron 's party to emerge with most seats .  Biggest bet placed with Paddy Power was a # 50,000 punt on a hung Parliament .  The lucky punter would scoop # 10k if neither party won a majority .  Bookies say
UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge .  The 27-year-old is facing an accident involving a pregnant woman .  The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with ` non life-threatening injuries '  If Jones is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages .
Angelika Graswald , 35 , of Poughkeepsie , New York , has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Vincent Viafore , 46 .  The couple were kayaking on the Hudson River April 19 when his kayak capsized .  The man was not wearing a life jacket at the time and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side up .  Prosecutors say that rough waters combined with
There were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale , which came to an end on Wednesday .  Among the most valuable items were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican , which fetched an impressive $ 173,000 , three times more than was expected , Bonhams said .  Bacall , one of Hollywood 's great golden age actresses , died in August
Jack Wilshere captained Arsenal 's U21 side against Reading .  Serge Gnabry and Abou Diaby also featured in the game .  Niall Keown 's son of former north London favourite Martin scored the winner .  The 23-year-old has n't played for Arsenal first team since November .  He will be hoping to feature in the FA Cup semi-final later this month .
Karla Hornby , 29 , gave birth by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm .  Partner Jordan Jackson , 21 , is a soldier in the army 's Royal Logistics corps .  He has served in Afghanistan and is due to report back for service tomorrow .  Freddie weighed just 2lbs and was already 2cm dilated when she was born .  Family from Bolton , Greater Manchester ,
Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain 's Royal Language Academy .  They hope to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to appear on BBC 's World Have Your Say .  He said the Star Wars films were anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .  The programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films .  He said : ` I ' ve never actually seen # StarWars but the fact that the bad guy was all black
Barbie 's style-centric Instagram account , @ BarbieStyle , has more than 730,000 followers .  Racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes , international trips , and VIP invites .  The account tells the story of Barbie as a ` contemporary girl with an aspirational lifestyle '  The account 's creators pose Barbie in front of famous landmarks such as Notre-Dame and La Belle Epoque restaurant
Cristiano Ronaldo ended his illustrious playing career in 2011 .  The Brazil legend has suggested he could play for Fort Lauderdale Strikers .  Ronaldo admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current Real Madrid talisman to play alongside .
Matt O ` Connor 's own-goal turned his team 's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in Boston on Saturday .  Providence defenseman Tom Parisi dumped the puck towards the BU goal from near center ice .  He somehow lost track of a puck and it dropped to the ice and rolled between his legs .  Brandon Tanev scored with 6 : 17 remaining to
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach , California , police officer , who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident .  His mother , Lucia Morejon , was at home when she heard the shots .  She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday .  Luis Suarez and Neymar goals gave the Catalan side a commanding lead .  Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for the hosts with a deflected effort .  Mundo Deportivo leads with the headline ` Oh la la ! '  French publication L ` Equipe is damning of PSG 's performance .  PSG travel to the Nou Camp
Lucy Garrod , 27 , had been wearing contact lenses since she was 15 .  She woke up one morning feeling as though her eye was ` the size of a golf ball '  She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree .  She learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours .  Doctors said the ulcer was
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light in North Charleston , South Carolina .  When Scott fled , Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as he chased him into a park and shot him dead .  Fulton has broken his silence and said he does not know why Scott ran .
John Elder and Armin T . Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5 million Armenians constituted genocide .  The images were taken in 1915 just before the mass deportation of Armenians to the desert had begun .  Hundreds of thousands were forced from their homes in Anatolia and herded
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $ 500 a week to keep up her drug habit .  The 30-year-old has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the illegal drug .  The former paramedic took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis .  She has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite
Aleksandr Glushko , 21 , drove for three miles while intoxicated to retrieve truck .  Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of forklift driving by crash site .  He told police he was taking the forklift to get his dad 's truck , which had a flat tire .  He was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back .  He has been charged
Chris Smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend Sam Cooke on Twitter .  The 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of Manchester United 's best defenders .  His United team-mate Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site .  The winger has found game time under Louis van Gaal hard to come by .
Carlos Bacca opened the scoring for Sevilla after five minutes .  Vitolo was brought down by Neto , but Beto saved his goalkeeper 's blushes .  Substitute Kevin Gameiro equalised with five minutes remaining .  Salomon Rondon equalised for Zenit in the 72nd minute .  Hulk added a second with a speculative shot from 40 yards .  Sevilla went on to win 2-1 on aggregate to go through to the
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff .  The offences , which included car crime , were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by last Labour government .  Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police .  It
Obama aides Katie Fallon and Jen Psaki are expecting babies in May and July of this year .  Psaki says the White House knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job , and that Mr Obama assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue .  Fallon is currently serving as the president 's legislative director .  Obama has pushed family-friendly policies like
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Pep Guardiola 's side lose .  Portugal 's Record opted for the pun ` Fantasporto ' as their headline .  Abola simply write : ` Superb ! '
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf , a former toy company chief , chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills .  The property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door .  The 13,000-square-foot home is known as ` Il Podere '
Roma family accused of trafficking Czech immigrants into UK and ` treating them like dogs '  Victims were lured to Britain on promise of ` better life ' , court told .  They were kept under duress amid fears for safety of their families back home .  They were made to work in dog food factories , food plants and car washes .  But they were forced to give over
Le ` Veon Bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league 's substance abuse policy .  He was stopped in his car last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana .  Former Steeler LeGarrette Blount will appeal the decision .  Bell had 2,215 all-purpose yards , 11 touchdowns and made the All-Pro team last season .
A new Ebola jab is being given to people living in the West African countries most badly hit by the virus after human trials in unaffected countries proved successful .  Scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after ` highly promising results ' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses .  The vaccine , developed in Canada , is based on an
Tommy Connolly , a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student , took in his teenage cousin Angela * , 17 , and helped her raise her four-week-old baby boy .  He did n't think twice about helping her when she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant .  By the time Mr Connolly met up with her he had saved $ 2800 , just enough to cover the cost of
Kyle Wittstock , 22 , died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in Yanchep , Perth .  The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter .  He posted several photos of himself in the air with the caption ` Guess where I am ? '  He was taken to Joondalup Hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival .  The
Ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent from North Africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm .  Mr Farage will make comments in debate at European Parliament in Strasbourg .  Comes in wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the Mediterranean .  He will warn that if EU agrees to give refuge to migrants , it could lead to millions
There were 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps during WWII .  Only three have been investigated for their roles as accomplices to mass murder .  They traded femininity , motherhood and marriage to the dark side of Hitler 's Third Reich .  Charlotte S , now 94 , was an SS guard at Ravensbrueck and Auschwitz .  She was remembered by survivors as a feared woman who beat
Stana Katic and business consultant Kris Brkljac wed in Croatia over the weekend .  The couple married ` in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast , ' the actress 's rep told People .  The 37-year-old actress was often rumoured to be dating her Castle co-star Nathan Fillion , who her character married on the show , but the couple were never an item .  Katic told TV
Jennifer Houle , 22 , vanished from a Dinkytown bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning .  She was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge , which is 110ft above the river .  Houle 's purse and phone were found in the street near her apartment just a few blocks from the bar at 3am on Friday , police said .  Houle was a Phi
Michael Slager , 33 , can be heard laughing while talking with a senior officer .  The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer 's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5 .  Scott , 50 , a Coast Guard veteran , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from a traffic stop .  The dashcam footage showing Scott
Puppy photographer John Daniels , 61 , from Dunsfold in Surrey , has decades of experience working with animals .  He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots .  The cute canines appeared relaxed in front of the camera .  Some of his work is the stuff of dreams for greetings card makers , such as these four puppies in socks hung up
Stacey Tipler , 33 , used her job to steal # 642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust .  She spent the money on shopping sprees , mortgage payments and her wedding .  But she and her partner Scott Chaplin , 34 , were caught and jailed last summer .  Judge Anthony Leonard QC said she had made # 54,852 from the scheme .  She was ordered to repay #
Dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp .  When connected to the ` bridge ' , it can also be synced to music for a disco effect , as well as to TV programmes , films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood .  The bowl-shaped
Queensland man 's package was sent almost 2000km away .  The man ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank .  The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day , two-state odyssey .  He said Australia Post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay .
Justin Jackson , a Florida man , has been accused of eight-year trail of deceit .  Accused of pretending to be Oprah and her representatives in the hope of getting more freebies .  Also allegedly sent letters on forged OWN stationery to hotels in Florida .  Also claimed to be former Obama aide Reggie Love and Madonna 's manager Angel Agarrat .  Lawsuit alleges he sent letters of recommendation for
Pham Quang Lanh , 28 , had metal plate inserted over his head after being struck by an iron bar .  But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection .  His family noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and took him to Hanoi 's Viet Duc Hospital .  Doctors say the infestation had saved Mr Lanh 's life by eating the
George at Asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the royal birth .  Range includes an embroidered dress , sateen romper and bow ballet shoes .  The retailer hopes to slash the budget on expensive clothing , starting at just # 4 .  The collection includes an embroidery gown , lace collar gown and rompers .  Asda also launched a new regal-inspired gold cot
Hernandez , 25 , looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict .  The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd , a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player .  Hernandez 's mother , Terri , and his fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , cried and gasped when they heard the
John Terry has defended Jose Mourinho 's tactics against Arsenal .  Chelsea were booed off the pitch after their 0-0 draw at the Emirates .  Terry said : ` If you are not winning games you ' re not going to win the league `  The Chelsea captain also admitted he was ` not boring ' in the first half of the season .  Terry also admitted defending was an
The Mail on Sunday is campaigning to make sure all schools teach basic first-aid techniques .  Only the Liberal Democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the curriculum .  Last week Labour , Ukip and the Green Party added their support .  Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham said the issue was ` close to his heart '
Danny Eckhart , a St . Tammany Parish police officer , was arrested Saturday night after allegedly drunkenly taking a police patrol boat for a joy ride .  He was intoxicated when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville .  No one was injured in the crash .  He faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle
Lib Dem leader condemns David Cameron 's appeal to UKIP supporters to ` come home '  Warns the ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ` increasingly hapless Conservative leadership '  Claims Farage 's ` mask is slipping ' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white ` lashing out ' in a scrabble for headlines .  Admits his ` rubbishness ' in
James Lockwood was given a two-year ban by UK Anti-Doping .  The 29-year-old failed a doping test in November .  Lockwood has spent the last three seasons with Featherstone .  He was in their team that lost 36-12 to Leigh in last October 's Championship Grand Final at Headingley .
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of Lazio in Serie A .  Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal for Juve in the 17th minute .  Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scored for Barcelona in Spain .  Paris Saint-Germain move to the top of Ligue 1 by beating Nice 3-1 .
Karen Huff Klein , 71 , was tormented by middle school students in 2012 .  She tried to ignore the boys calling her fat , ugly and poor .  Now one of the students involved has been accused of bullying a student with special needs .  Mrs Klein said : ` They did n't learn any lessons from the other ordeal . I do n't think they ever will '
Disgraced former Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court Wednesday .  He argued that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme .  McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific
Aston Villa host Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30 .  Tim Sherwood 's side will play in their yellow and blue away strip .  The Gunners have won three FA Cup finals in five appearances in the blue and blue strip .
Ipswich drew 1-1 with Wolves at Molineux on Saturday .  Mick McCarthy 's side were denied three points by a Richard Stearman own goal .  Wolves bounced back to take a point through Benik Afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute .  McCarthy hails the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players .  The former Wolves
Sadly , owner Clem Schultz 's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast .  Schultz thought his dog Missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker , police called Schultz and reported the sighting .
Jose Mourinho said Sir Alex Ferguson showed him ` two faces ' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 .  The Chelsea boss sprinted down the touchline in celebration at Porto 's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification and a seismic shock at Old Trafford .  The Portuguese also had a frosty relationship with Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola when the pair were rival managers in Spain .  The 52-year-old also
Shannon Hamilton was arrested on Sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in Georgia where his 16-year-old daughter had died .  Cecily Hamilton , 16 , and her friend Taylor Swing , 18 , died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below .  Hamilton , who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act ,
Paul and Laura Elliott tied the knot at the London Marathon on Sunday .  36,000 people took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile event .  Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .  By running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 .  The pair , who live in Clapham , London , ran across the finish
Aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network -LRB- VPN -RRB- technology , which alters their IP address to bluff their way around geographic restrictions .  HBO has warned internet users , who are watching popular TV shows such as Games of Thrones , The Sopranos and Girls , that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21 .  Some users have claimed they will go back to
Christy Turlington Burns , 46 , suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace , now 11 .  The mother-of-two says ` anything ' seemed possible , including three marathons to date .  The former supermodel is gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April .  She says she 's feeling ` stronger and healthier ' than ever .  She launched Every Mother Counts
Dejan Lovren has been out of the Liverpool team recently .  Defender could return against Blackburn in the FA Cup on Wednesday .  Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday .
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville , Oklahoma , was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter .  While Bell slept on the couch , baby Alice somehow suffocated on the floor nearby .  An autopsy listed the cause of death as sudden unexplained infant death with the manner of death undetermined .  Bell 's initial story was that she had put the baby , Alice
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Saturday .  Philipp Lahm was speaking to former team-mate Owen Hargreaves as part of a special documentary ` Inside Bayern Munich '  Lahm revealed that Pep Guardiola 's approach to the game is ` incredible '  The 31-year-old has won the Bundesliga and Champions League with Bayern .  Lahm also revealed that he did not always anticipate the success he
Anjelica Hadsell , 18 , was last seen on March 2 driving near her parents ` home in Norfolk , Virginia .  Police are searching a pond near Carrsville , Virginia , in an attempt to find the cell phone of the Longwood University student 's cell phone .  Her stepfather has been arrested after he was caught allegedly breaking into a Norfolk area home two weeks after her disappearance
Brain scans on a group of professional comedians have revealed differences in the way the brains of these ` super speakers ' work while talking .  They showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech .  This suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech , allowing them to spend more resources to what they were going
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning .  He was impressed by the pilot 's pre-flight speech on his Twitter account .  He said : ` There was a tense vibe-the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal '  He said he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly with the company .  Flight 4U9525 crashed into the French
Gertrude Weaver passed away on Monday in Camden , Arkansas .  The 116-year-old was already the oldest person in America .  Last week she asked President Barack Obama to attend her birthday party .  The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden said they were ` devastated by her loss '  Weaver attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking .  Jeralean Talley ,
Ephedra foeminea is the only plant species so far known to behave in this way .  At night , the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects .  When a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs , the pollen it 's carrying is used to fertilise the seed .  Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at
Manchester United 's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play four games in to 12 days before heading back to England on July 30 to recover in time for the start of the Barclays Premier League season on August 8 .  United will play Club America , San Jose Earthquakes , Barcelona and PSG .  Van Gaal was furious with the amount of travelling United had to
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place .  McGill was the architect of Selby 's demise , but the famous curse , which has at the very least become a factor lodged in the back of every first-time champion 's mind , will be cited too .  McGill was a 150 / 1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began .  The 24-year-old beat Stephen Maguire
Tory health minister Dan Poulter , Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker took part in feature for Men 's Health magazine .  Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily , do more exercise and take better care of their bodies .  In the end Mr Poulter 's weight fell from 105kg to 102.5 kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist .  His
Hernandez 's fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer 's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday .  Just feet away across the aisle was her 23-year-old sister , Shaneah Jenkins , the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd .  The once-close sisters have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd 's brutal death on June 17,2013 .  Shaneah did
Manchester City take on Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of a ferocious derby clash .  City have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the Premier League table .  A win would also see them become the first club to beat United five times in a row .  The Blues have won two and in the other they were runner-up .  City are
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts .  There had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase or the feature Bet365 Gold Cup .  But there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle
Presenter took to Twitter to announce he would not be returning to the show .  He said : ` There 's nothing for me to ' quit ` . Not about to quit my mates anyway '  Announcement came as show 's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched scathing attack on ` meddling BBC executives '
Fire Chief Gavin Satterfield , 31 , and Assistant Fire Chief William ` Billy ' Getzendaner , 34 , were suspended by the department 's oversight board .  They allegedly told the victim to stay quiet after allegedly sexually assaulting a new recruit with a chorizo sausage .  Victim came forward in late March to report the alleged attack , which he claims took place in January .  In the
Andrew Hennells boasted about plans to rob a Tesco in King 's Lynn , Norfolk .  The 31-year-old said he was ` Doing . Tesco . Over ' minutes before the robbery .  A member of the public alerted police to a man with a knife .  He was then found by police in a nearby pub with # 410 in cash on his person .  Last month , he
Joe Calzaghe retired from boxing seven years ago .  The former undisputed super-middleweight champion enjoyed a holiday in Barbados .  The couple took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim before a downpour of rain .
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at City before the club was taken over by Sheikh Mansour and his family .  City host West Ham on Sunday but a Champions League spot is still in doubt with just four points separating them and fifth place Liverpool with six games to play .  Eriksson said the owners will expect silverware every season .
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams , which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants .  University said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit .  Under coalition reforms , AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September .
Polls suggest the election will be too close to call -- with the Tories narrowly ahead in two , while another showed Labour edging in front .  American pollster Nate Silver concluded that both main parties will struggle to cobble together any kind of workable majority .  He correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008 .  Mr Silver yesterday predicted a hung parliament after May
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa .  The posting comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight .  Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon .  YouTube commenters pointed out inaccuracies in the video , such as the appearance of rocks around the Opera House and the cardboard-esque appearance of the
Liverpoolheem Sterling has revealed that he hopes Liverpool fans create a chant for him .  Sterling is stalling on a new # 100,000-a-week contract offer .  The 20-year-old insists he will reassess at the end of the season .  Sterling made his Liverpool debut in a Premier League defeat against Wigan in 2012 .
American Pie 's lyrics were hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean .  The lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock ` n ' roll puzzle .  They were sold at auction in New York this week for more than $ 1 million .  McLean says he loves words , he says , ` almost as much as life '  It
Meghan Blalock , 29 , is the Managing Editor of popular Los Angeles-based fashion website Who What Wear .  In a new article published on her website , the 29-year-old describes being every different size from a two to a ten .  She says she has been ` pretty much every size you can imagine '  Meghan was teased for being fat starting around seven or eight years old .
Research firm YouGov surveyed 600 employees and senior executives .  Biggest CV blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes .  Other high ranking errors are incorrect contact names and companies .  46 per cent of senior executives find long waffling CVs irritating .  Only 26 per cent disliking short resumes .
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory in the Test series against West Indies .  The 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in Yorkshire 's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi proved nothing more than a brief setback .  He is fighting for a place with Barbados-born Chris Jordan and the uncapped Mark Wood in the first Test against St Kitts & Nevis Invitation
Stella Maxwell , 24 , was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell , who worked as a diplomat .  She has since landed campaigns for ASOS , Alexander McQueen , H & M , River Island and Urban Outfitters .  The 5ft 9in beauty now splits her time between Los Angeles and New York .  She was born in Belgium and was raised there until she
Townsville nurse Maria Sevilla and her son , Tyrone , will be deported within 28 days .  Ms Sevilla had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ` burden on the Australian health system '  Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O ` Rourke called it a ' cold , heartless decision `  She said she did not want to be a burden , and was working
Paris St Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are back from suspension for the second leg .  Thiago Silva and David Luiz are also a fitness doubt for the French champions .  Laurent Blanc says his side must give a better account of themselves .
Steve Thompson has been suspended by Leeds United .  Director of football Nicola Salerno has suspended the assistant coach until the end of the season .  Redfearn is considering his future at Elland Road .  Leeds sit 13th in the Championship but were unbeaten in March .  Club president Massimo Cellino is suspended until May 3 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Leeds United news .
Madonna 's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its drug-related slogan .  The pop legend shared a picture of her new luggage on Instagram on Sunday .  She wrote , ` Dealers Choice ! My favorite new handbag by Mawi ! '  She followed by dice , gun and love heart emoticons , plus the hash tag # rebelheart .  Last autumn Rihanna was spotted carrying two
Paul Bakewell , 35 , from Walsall , arranged for partner Tara Barber , 32 , to be driven past billboard .  The billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and featured pictures of the couple .  It said : ` Tara you ' ve changed my life . Will you marry me ? `  He then went down on one knee and proposed to Tara , who said yes .  `
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now the ` biggest ' form of racism .  He said Alex Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that UkiP is called racist .  Mr Farage said he is ` astonished ' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out .  He said it showed that people in the North East are `
Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes .  The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months ` imprisonment , suspended for two years .  At a costs application hearing today , he was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial .  At Southwark Crown Court he was given # 4,000 for taxi fares to and from court ,
The University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the elite school Scot 's College .  Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses .  The National Union of Students said it was ` really concerning ' if this program was only open to students who could afford it .
Midfielder Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for Barcelona .  The 35-year-old recently travelled to Qatar to discuss a move to Al Sadd .  Luis Enrique insists the midfielder has a vital role to play .  Barcelona face Almeria in the La Liga on Wednesday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
More than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside Tribhuwan International Airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city .  Despite plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside the building late last night .  Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India .  Others had been
David Moyes has revealed that Chelsea were close to signing Wayne Rooney .  Moyes gave Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton in 2002 .  Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013 .  The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney 's departure from Goodison Park in 2004 .  Rooney has been a vital cog in Louis van Gaal 's
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix .  The Briton was 0.541 seconds quicker than team-mate Nico Rosberg at the end of FP1 when Pirelli 's medium-compound tyre was used .  Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen was third quickest , 1.093 secs adrift .  Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo was fourth quickest after taking to the track 40 minutes late due to issues .
Tori Hester , 25 , from San Diego , California , was diving in Cabo Pulmo .  Husband Jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the incredible moment .  He said : ` I was awe-struck . I had never seen anything like that before in my life '
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel .  Claims a wife can only say no if she is menstruating , sick or just given birth .  His religious edict and outrageous comments have shocked many in Malaysia and beyond .
Sisters Destiny Cooke , 16 , and Lajahia Cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shoved by a crowd of people , including parents and other adults , in a park in Trenton , New Jersey .  People can be heard laughing throughout the five-minute video and chanting ` they gettin ' busy ! ` or ' let her get her ! `  And Destiny
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer .  The full back 's contract at Anfield is due to expire at the end of the season .  The 22-year-old has not played a minute of first-team football in 11 months .  Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is a big fan of the Liverpudlian .
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals on June 6 .  Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for his third Champions League trophy .  Lionel Messi faces Luis Suarez , Neymar and Karim Benzema .  Gareth Bale and Ney Maria could face each other at the Olympiastadion in Berlin .  Pep Guardiola 's former team Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the last four .  CLICK HERE for all the latest
Three out of four people have little or no knowledge of the Battle of Waterloo .  One in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815 .  Survey by the National Army Museum ahead of the 200th anniversary of the battle .
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs in Lancashire .  They had been trained to take part in illegal dog fights on treadmills .  They were held in electric shock collars and kept in urine-soaked cages .  All five dogs-Dingo , Sheeba , Zula , Fenton and Mousey-were ordered to be destroyed .  Darren Wheatcroft pleaded guilty to attempting to arrange a fight .  His son ,
Michael Slager 's fellow cops responded to his call for a-up after the shooting .  But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting .  Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR , but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body .  Scott 's father said of the incident :
Lib Dem leader promises to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction .  Cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at very wealthy .  But he scaled back plans for a mansion tax amid concern it could cost party support .  Mr Clegg set out plans for # 5billion in new tax rises , # 7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance , #
Researchers at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University have shown that it 's possible to convert 100 per cent of the sugar in corn stalks and husks -- a by-product of farming -- into hydrogen gas , which can be used to power vehicles .  The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory .  It suggests temperatures at Earth 's equator were-40 °C -LRB--40 °F -RRB- 2.4 billion years ago .  The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood .  But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa and Enceladus .  The ` Snowball Earth ' theory could help explain the Great Oxygen Transition
Tottenham Hotspur plan to open a new 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years .  The north London club 's neighbours , Archway Sheet Metal Works , fought a long-running court battle with Spurs over the development .  Tottenham have secured planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order .  The Metal Works were denied permission to appeal but were allowed to directly ask Court
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers .  Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68 million followers ahead of Chelsea -LRB- 5.49 m -RRB- and Manchester United -LRB- 4.87 m -RRB- .  Manchester United have over eight million followers on Weibo , almost double that of Twitter .  The microblogging site has an incredible 27.2 m
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the group photo on Earth Day .  The green sea turtle appeared at Apo Island , Negros Oriental , Philippines .  The island is one of the world 's best known marine protected areas .  De Jesus said : ` This is a reminder that humans and creatures can co-exist '
The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the Gone Girl abduction of Denise Huskins says he will turn himself in , but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity .  In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle , the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer , or that he would ` go overseas and teach English ' or ` live off the grid and read books for the rest
Moeen Ali will join up with the England squad ahead of the second Test in the Caribbean , starting in Grenada on April 21 .  He says he is ready to take on Australia 's left-arm Mitchells in the Ashes .  Moeen struggled with the short ball against Sri Lanka and India last year .  He was named one of Wisden 's Five Cricketers of the Year last year .
Eden Hazard is among the front runners to win the PFA Player of the Year .  Chelsea winger has been in superb form for Jose Mourinho 's side .  Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea is another of the favourites .  Jamie Carragher says Chelsea captain John Terry will have told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea to give Hazard a better chance of winning the
Kevin Gill , 45 , from Naples , Florida , was arrested after Collier County deputies found a small alligator inside his family 's home .  He had found the injured gator and given it to his 13-year-old son to nurse it back to health .  Gill said he thought his son could care for the reptile while learning about gators .
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  The Ligue 1 champions lost 3-1 at home to Barcelona last week .  Zinedine Zidane is confident PSG can score three goals in the Nou Camp .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are back from suspension for Tuesday 's tie .  CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news .
The five-year-old boy , dressed in combat gear , launched his own attack .  He launched a series of missiles at around six heavily armed Israeli police .  More than 100 protesters used catapults to fire rocks at the Israeli forces .  Soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Prince Harry pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops .  The 30-year-old is expected to be the last manoeuvres of his ten-year military career .  Harry has completed two tours of Afghanistan and is due to leave the British military in June .  He has been participating in day-to-day soldiering activities and flight simulation training .  During his time in the Kununurra region he was trained in
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will wed in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday .  Murray was the best man for the wedding of his brother Jamie and wife Alejandra at Cromlix House in October 2010 .  The British No 1 became the first man in 77 years to win the men 's singles title at Wimbledon in July 2013 .  Murray and Sears got back together in 2010 after
The video maker returns home to find the infestation of birds in their front room .  According to the video maker the intruders came in through the chimney .  He initially thought they were bats but now believes them to be sparrows .
Professor John Warren from the University of Aberystwyth discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours .  During the day the trees , which grow in tropical and Mediterranean climates , flower with their ` female parts ' ready to be pollinated by bees .  The botanist said the plants limited the amount of self-pollination .
The tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago .  It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath .  Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC .  They say it came from the Western Mediterranean-probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage .  One side of the coin
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN in her role as special envoy for the U.N. . on refugee issues on Friday .  When asked about Jolie 's planned briefing , Syria 's U.N. . Ambassador Bashar Ja ` afari responded : ' She is beautiful `  Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries , which warn they are dangerously overstretched .  The 39-year-old actress and director has
More than 250 objects -- with estimated values of # 500 to # 30,000 -- will go under the hammer in the one-off , travel-themed auction at Christie 's South Kensington .  One of the highly-anticipated lots contains 11 restored photos of Captain Robert Scott 's doomed expedition to the South Pole .  Photos were created using the surviving gelatine positives and paper negatives taken by the captain himself before
Gareth Silk let his five friends plan a stag do in Benidorm , Spain .  They were inspired by the hilarious Money Supermarket advert .  It featured a man dressed in shirt and jacket from the waist up .  shorts and stilettos from waist down .  When the men in their matching outfits walked down the street they earned cheers , clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed
Journalist Sarah Wilson , 41 , opened up in a candid interview about her battle with mental illness .  She said anxiety drove her to believe her life was no longer worth living .  The author of the best-selling book I Quit Sugar said she could n't see a way out .  While she struggled through her younger years she has recently ` found some peace with it '  One
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and raped .  She was dragged into a garden where she was raped and left for dead .  Victim will speak out in tonight 's episode of Crimewatch in bid to catch the attacker .  He is described as being of Pakistani or Middle Eastern origin , in his early twenties .  Police are treating the crime as
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night .  The Manchester middleweight is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career .  He is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July , five years since he last fought in the UK .  ` If I had this type of training my entire career , I 'd have been a world champion
Three eight-week-old Labradors were found inside a sealed cardboard box on April 18 .  The puppies were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion when they were discovered .  McKamey Animal Center in Tennessee , where the dogs are being treated , said they have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage .  The dogs have been named
Adam McBurney has been capped for the Ireland Under-20s .  He was not at his home in County Antrim when it was targeted on Easter Sunday .  Bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in kitchen and bathroom walls .  Neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property .  Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had ` criminal elements '
Queen Letizia met with the families of some of the Spanish victims of the Germanwings plane crash in Barcelona today .  She was joined by her husband King Felipe at the Sagrada Familia basilica , where she hugged the grieving families of those who died .  The service took the form of a Catholic mass inside the Spanish city designed by Antoni Gaudi .  It was led by Lluis Martinez
Jeni 's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets , and ice cream sandwiches .  The Nebraska Department of Agriculture found the listeria in a sample of the frozen ice cream it had randomly collected at a Whole Foods in Lincoln , Nebraska .  The action follows a similar recall by
Production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in Oregon , US .  It will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services .  The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers .  According to a 50-page report , the sewage would pose ` very low human health risk ' and would be treated to ` very high standards '
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club 's badges .  Reports suggested the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks .  Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over icons and logos as part of the # 5m loan handed to previous Gers board .  Dave King 's new regime have promised a speedy investigation .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Sergio Aguero scored the only goal of the game for Louis van Gaal 's side .  Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini , Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for United .  Pellegrini 's men have now lost six of their last eight games in all competitions .  Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille after 30 minutes .  Blaise Matuidi made it 2-1 with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later .  The game was decided by a 130-second burst soon after the half-hour mark .  PSG went ahead for the first time in the game with
David Nicholson , 48 , allegedly used school email to set up threesome with prostitute .  Father-of-four , from Great Bedwyn , Wiltshire , sent explicit messages to prostitute .  Said he was ` keen ' on her dressing up and was ` looking forward to putting u over my knee '  Accused of contacting # 150-an-hour escort through adult website , it is claimed .  Mr Nicholson has not
Rand Paul will announce his candidacy for president on April 7 in Louisville , Kentucky .  Paul 's uber-libertarian father , former Texas Rep . Ron Paul , earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans .  ` Rand Paul is as much a part of the Washington machine as Joe Biden or Harry Reid , ' a Capitol Hill
Masked thief scaled two-storey antique market in Hampstead , north London .  He picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor ` like a snake ' to avoid infrared beams .  Eight-minute raid has been likened to a Mission Impossible film .  Thief stole 124 rare timepieces before escaping in a waiting 4x4 .  Man and accomplice returned the next night to try a similar break-in .  They left
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory , including equalling the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997 .  He became the championship 's second-youngest winner of all time .  It was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried him to a four-shot victory Sunday .  He watched Bubba Watson celebrate another Masters title , and all the perks and celebrity that
Andre Cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri .  His fate was sealed after the U.S. . Supreme Court turned down several appeals , including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution .  He was executed by lethal injection at 10.15 pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception , Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre , Missouri
Cressida dated Prince Harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie .  The pair split last April , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry .  She 's bagged herself a modelling contract with Mulberry and starred in a West End stage play .  The 26-year-old is now destined to act alongside Dame Judi Dench .  The actress
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award .  Fans will be asked to vote for the league 's most outstanding players .  A shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly .  One lucky winner gets the chance to present the award to the selected player .  Leeds Rhinos ` Paul Aiton ,
Another man was in the car with Walter Scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes , it has been revealed .  Police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car .  The man , who is not a relative , could shed light on what happened between Officer Michael Slager and the father-of-four
Leo Greene , 39 , of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police .  He crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence .  He was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting arrest .  He is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes .  Governor David Ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues .  Jessica Yamauchi , executive director of the Coalition for a Tobacco-Free Hawaii , called the legislation ` groundbreaking '  According to
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein is a FIFA presidential candidate from Jordan .  He wants to see the World Cup rotated between the continents .  He is standing against current president Sepp Blatter , Michael van Praag from Holland and former Portugal international Luis Figo .  Prince Ali said he could see a World Cup being played in different countries-or even in different confederations-in a similar way to Euro 2020
Hugo Lloris will miss Tottenham Hotspur 's Premier League clash with Burnley .  The France international suffered a gashed knee against Leicester City .  Michel Vorm will deputise for the injured goalkeeper .  Roberto Soldado is also a doubt for the match at Turf Moor .
Ri Sol-Ju was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband Kim Jong-un during a men 's football match at Kim Il Sung Stadium on Monday .  The images of the couple at a podium flanked by top party officials were published in state media .  The match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of the country 's founding leader , Kim
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday .  The Tigers are separated by just two points and two places with only four games left .  Richard Cockerill believes the Premiership race will go to the wire .  The 22-game Premiership campaign concludes on May 16 , with play-offs a week later .
Diego Simeone 's Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night .  The Argentinian manager has extended his four-year deal with the club .  Simeones 's team-mates were stagnating under coach Gregorio Manzano and had just been knocked out of the Cup by a third division side , Albacete .  The Chelsea striker was just about to return from a cruciate ligament injury that had
Delphi Automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the US .  Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode .  The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia .  The team collected nearly three terabytes of data -- about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress .  Delphi is using the long journey
Zoo Weekly 's ` Anzac Centenary Issue ' was released on Monday leading up to the Anzac weekend .  It included a 10-page feature with a list of ` 100 things every Aussie should know about Gallipoli '  Social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue , labelling it ` gross and offensive '  Zoo Weekly removed images of a bikini clad woman holding a red poppy .
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win .  Rotherham 's three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player has been made more difficult .  Sheffield United and Chesterfield will be guaranteed play-off places with wins or if Rochdale fails to win .  Burton can be champions if they beat Shrewsbury or Shrewsbury .
Lucas Leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years .  The Brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November .  He was an unused substitute in Liverpool 's defeat by Manchester United .  But he played 90 minutes in Sunday 's All-Star Charity game at Anfield .  Steven Gerrard was suspended for three matches for his sending off
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes which premiered on Thursday at Tribeca Film Festival , Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife and other women online .  For those hungry to learn about Valle and his stomach-churning fantasies , the film will also be shown on HBO in May .  ` I became part of this
Jesse Willesee was arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall on Monday .  His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on Instagram .  The pair are partners in crime to push their cause to legalise marijuana .  Jesse pushed the campaign on social media with the hashtag # # weedisnotacrime .  Video of his protest has gone viral with over half
Julian Speroni will be at Crystal Palace for another year at least .  The goalkeeper will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season .  The 35-year-old signed from Dundee in 2004 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The CYG-11 seaplane has been developed with Russian engineers .  It uses wing-in-ground effect to glide over the sea off Haikou in Hainan Province , China .  The aircraft can be used like a catamaran until it builds up enough speed to lift off from the ocean .  It can reach a top speed of 155 mph -LRB- 250 km / h -RRB- and has a maximum range of 930
Derek Lowe , 38 , and Tina Lowe , 33 , were hit shortly before 10am on Easter Sunday .  Train No . 80 , the Carolinian , was headed from Charlotte to New York City .  The accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern .  None of the 166 passengers on the train were injured .  A man who met the pair while collecting scrap metal said they may
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4 , 6-3 on Thursday .  Isner is the first American man to reach the semifinals in Miami since 2011 .  He 'll next meet Novak Djokovic or David Ferrer on Friday night .  Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final in Key Biscayne .
In southern Germany , hundreds braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback in Traustein , Germany .  In Male Trakany , Slovakia , men throw buckets of water on women as part of their Easter weekend celebrations .  In Nyiregyhaza , Hungary , women are sprinkled with water , and men give the men coloured eggs in return .  In Hungary , the tradition is known
Lesley Conman 's daughter Abbie , 12 , was sent sexualised messages by online pervert .  She accepted a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy .  After the horrified mother saw the messages , she challenged the man herself .  Police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed .
Residents of Parma , Missouri say they have no idea why five of their six police officers and several other top officials resigned after their first black mayor was elected .  Tyrus Byrd , 40 , was sworn into office last week , but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force , the city attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor .
The storm rolled through the area about 4 p . m . and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p . m .  Crews searched late on Saturday for at least four people missing .  More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay .  Mayor Jeff Collier said at least one
Mohammed Waqar , 23 , and Mohammed Siddique , 60 , accused of assaulting youngster .  Alleged attack happened at UK Islamic Mission 's mosque in Sparkbrook , Birmingham .  It 's alleged the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly for mistakes in studies .  It is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye .
Celebrity chef will present BBC 2 show ` Simply Nigella ' for the first time in three years .  Show will focus on ` a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating '  Nigella last appeared on the channel with Nigellissima in 2012 .  She co-hosted Taste in U . S but was stopped from flying to country after admitting to taking cocaine .  She was forced to divulge details
Rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million .  Appearing distressed , Knight had to be wheeled out of court in a wheelchair .  The 48-year-old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder and attempted murder in January .
Demetrious Johnson beat Kyoji Horiguchi to retain his UFC flyweight title .  The American controlled his opponent for nearly the entire five-round bout in Montreal .  Johnson scored the latest submission win in UFC history .  In the co-main event , Quinton ` Rampage ' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado .
Officers searched An Noor community centre in west London last night .  Leslie Cooper , 36 , appeared in court charged with murdering Abdul Hadi Arwani .  They also visited Burnell Mitchell 's home in Wembley , west London .  Mr Mitchell is a director of the community centre where Mr Arweni used to preach .  Mr Mitchell , 61 , is said to be a Muslim convert from Jamaica
Brooklyn Nets beat Portland Trail Blazers in only game on NBA schedule .  Brook Lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds for Nets .  Nets close in on a play-off spot after winning for the ninth time in 11 games .
The Knightsbridge flat , London , has just three years left on the lease .  Cost of # 575,000 on a three year lease would work out at # 191,000 per year .  This is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area .  The ` unmodernised ' maisonette is described as ` bright and well proportioned ' property .  It boasts three bedrooms , two
The Duchess of Cambridge shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London .  Kate , 33 , wowed in a floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes .  The Duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon .  Gordon said : ` She told me that his daddy was visiting China . After hearing this he went
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday .  Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery are absent with an ankle injury .  Arjen Robben is out with a stomach muscle tear .  Pep Guardiola 's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga .
Danielle Busby gave birth to her first ever set of all-girl quintuplets last week .  Olivia Marie , Ava Lane , Hazel Grace , Parker Kate and Riley Paige are still in an incubator at Houston 's Woman 's Hospital of Texas .  They ` re ' doing fabulous , ` said Danielle , who looked tired and ecstatic .  Adam admitted it was ` overwhelming ' changing the babies
Footage shows ISIS thugs using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy ancient relics .  In the clip , jihadists are filmed smashing shrines and statues .  Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures .  The city of Hatra was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987 .  The fanatics claim relics promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic
` Your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine ; that 's a fact , ' Kristen Bell said in an interview for the May issue of Good Housekeeping .  ` As moms , our responsibility is not just to our kids-it 's to all the other kids , too , ' she said .  The mother
Manchester United signed a # 750million deal with adidas last summer .  The German brand have designed the club 's kit from 1980-92 .  Images suggest that United 's away kit for next season will be white .  The away jersey is predominately white with the iconic three adidas stripes running down the sleeves in Manchester United red and with a V-neck collar in the same colour .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis , Tennessee on Monday .  Orrden Williams Jr . , who was with a baby , asked the teens to be quiet , and soon after was sucker punched and attacked .  Joe Brittman , a student at the school , has been charged with aggravated riot , simple assault and vandalism .
The Washington couple heard the terrifying message : ` Wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you '  The boy 's mother overheard the hacker saying , ` Look someone 's coming ' or ` Someone 's Coming into view '  The hacker was able to remotely control the camera on the monitor .  The family says it is not just the audio monitor that has been hacked
Wales climbed to 22 , their highest-ever position in football 's world order , in the April rankings to move within eight places of England .  Chris Coleman 's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying .  Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott , Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground .
Jordan Spieth shot a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the Masters .  This is the fourth tournament in a row when he has been in the final group .  He won one and finished runner-up in the other two .  World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods will play together in Sunday 's final round .  Phil
The New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three .  people and / or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes .  about 62 miles -LRB- 100 km -RRB- above Earth .  It will launch from Blue .  Origin 's west Texas facility near Van Horn , Texas , southeast of .  Testing and development of the rocket engine , called BE-3 , .  has been completed , the
Ivan Rakitic married Spanish beauty Raquel Mauri in 2013 .  The Croatia international earns millions playing for Barcelona .  Lionel Messi posted a picture of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son .
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year .  He will live inside a contained ball , with no means to escape for 12 months .  The capsule will be 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- wide and could fit 10 people .  Mr Bellini , 36 , is seeking funding for his project , called Adrift , which he hopes to begin in November 2016
Scotland Yard 's Flying Squad released CCTV images of three suspects on Saturday .  But they refused to release a picture of the ringleader because he has already been identified .  Criminologist Richard Hoskins noticed ` startling similarities ' between raid and novel .  He said gang may have been inspired by similar robberies in Los Angeles in the 1980s .  The Hole In The Ground Gang struck three vaults
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls .  Party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list .  Target list includes South Thanet , where Mr Farage is standing , along with Clacton and Rochester and Strood , where Douglas Carswell and Mark Reckless won
Karen Davis , from Port Pirie , South Australia , has been charged with disorderly behaviour .  The 38-year-old mother ` pursued ' a Google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself .  Police said the woman 's actions were the same as someone flashing their genitals .  Ms Davis plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday .  She was branded a ` bad mother ' and
Arsenal fought their way past Reading in extra time to reach the FA Cup final .  Alexis Sanchez scored twice to see the Gunners through .  Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici fumbling Sanchez 's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal .  Aaron Ramsey said : ` I ' ve felt the experience of losing in a final and it 's not a nice feeling `
Six-year-old schoolgirl made headlines while visiting a school in Bolton .  David Cameron was n't the only politician guilty of funny reactions from kids .  Labour leader Ed Miliband , Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all had awkward moments .
Sam Griner 's mother , Laney , from Jacksonville , Florida , set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $ 75,000 her husband , Justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications .  By Tuesday afternoon , the page had raised more than $ 38,000 of the goal .  Her husband , 39 , discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son
Australian artist George Gittoes was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world .  The 65-year-old has chronicled conflicts in Africa , Asia , Europe and the Middle East through painting , photography and film .  He will receive the prize at a November ceremony in Sydney .
Michael Carrick signed for Manchester United for # 18million in 2006 .  Carrick has been overlooked by England since arriving at Old Trafford .  Sir Alex Ferguson trusted him in midfield at the World Cup .  He 's played in one game at the tournament , and England won it 1-0 against Ecuador in the round of 16 in 2006 .  Wayne Rooney said Carrick was the ` best player
A Russian destroyer and two Russian ships strayed close to the UK yesterday .  The Russian warships were equipped with missiles , anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes .  It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels .  Just a few hours later , two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace .  Experts say both incidents may have been an attempt to ` snoop ' on
63-year-old former air hostess has won # 14.5 m London mansion from Saudi Arabian ex-husband .  Couple 's main marital home had been a # 26m ` palatial residence ' in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .  After their divorce , the woman moved into townhouse , claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes .  Judge ruled that she should be awarded around # 10m on
The 38-year-old man jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City , Missouri , after being stopped by police .  He spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water with officers waiting for him .  Officers armed with a BB gun followed him into the water and fished him out .  He may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash .
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago .  The Pakistan all-rounder was unable to be selected to bowl in the World Cup .  He injured his calf and was ruled out of the global tournament in Australia and New Zealand .  He played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan 's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh .  International Cricket Council confirmed his
Anonymous scientist Bionerd visits Chernobyl as she measures high levels of radiation still lingering in the air .  She says she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital .  Claims the most scared she 's felt was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned , dilapidated buildings .  The site was devastated by a devastating nuclear explosion on April 26,1986
The cheeky monkey was filmed in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi .  It snatches the banana from the woman 's hand and starts scoffing it down .  The monkey then slaps her GoPro when she gets too close .
Rule enforced to protect long-term health of pupils at Rowdown Primary School .  Some parents say children go all day without a drink because they do n't like water .  Linda Shute has banned all drinks except water during school day .  Rule has provoked a backlash from some , who branded it a ` joke '
Greville Janner , 86 , was MP for decades and was investigated in 1991,2002 and 2007 .  Lord Macdonald QC , DPP between 2003 and 2008 , said lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence against Janner was not worth pursuing through the courts .  Janner escaped prosecution for eight years until the CPS announced earlier this week that he is now unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer 's .
Angelique Kerber of Germany defeated Maria Sharapova in three sets .  The three-time defending champion lost her world No 2 ranking .  Madison Brengle upset Petra Kvitova 6-3 , 7-6 -LRB- 2 -RRB- .  Fourth seed Caroline Wozniacki beat Lucie Safarova to reach quarter finals .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden .  Veteran referee Kenny Bayless will referee the match .  Bayless has previously worked five of Maywether 's fights , including his pro debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996 .  Oscar De La Hoya believes the choice of official will be an advantage for the American .
The alarm clock , called Wakē , is affixed to the wall behind the bed .  It has an inbuilt sensor to detect sleepers ` body heat .  It uses a white LED to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper 's face to gently wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster .  Instead of relying on cameras , the device uses a sensor
Jericho Scott , 16 , was killed early on Sunday while he sat in a white Volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend , Justin Compress , who was shot in the shoulder , hand and wrist but is now in stable condition .  Scott became an internet star after being told he could n't pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine .  He
Jordan Spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in South Carolina .  The Masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74 .  Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under after the first round at Hilton Head .
On May 23,2010 , bride-to-be Rachelle Friedman was pushed into a pool .  She was instantly paralyzed from the neck down .  As paramedics rushed around her , Rachelle had one question : Could she still have kids ?  Rachelle and fiancé Chris Chapman are days from becoming parents .  A friend from college , Laurel Humes , reached out to be their surrogate on April 18 .  Rachelle can
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final .  The former England midfielder was sent off in the 1998 World Cup knock out match .  Beckham was shown a red card for lashing out at the former England man .
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho clashed during Arsenal 's 1-1 draw with Chelsea at the Emirates .  The Gunners boss was glowing about his side 's ` creative team -LRB- with -RRB- amazing , fantastic solutions '  Thierry Henry was getting mildly bad cop / bad copped by Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness over Cesc Fabregas 's contention that ` if I was the boss I would tried to buy
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend , Samantha Scott of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business in Gloversville , New York , were accused of harassing and stalking Mr . Ding-A-Ling .  They were arrested in April 2013 and charged with harassment and stalking and the town refused to renew his license to sell ice cream .  However , the case was thrown out .  A judge has dismissed
Hermann Goering was deputy to Hitler and the regime 's greatest art thief .  He plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew .  His daughter Edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him .
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River , which runs through the Katmai National Park , in southern Alaska .  Sockeye salmon migrate up rivers during the spring to reach the breeding grounds where they were born in order to spawn .  While the salmon are very fast and difficult to catch underwater , after they leap into the air they have no way of changing course ,
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan with Derby County .  The former England striker is on loan at Aston Villa .  Bent also praised Steve McClaren as one of the best managers he has played under .  Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons .
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner as Leicester beat West Brom 2-1 in the Premier League at The Hawthorns .  Nigel Pearson 's side are now just three points behind Premier League leaders Hull City with seven games to go .  The Foxes are now bottom of the table , just one point off the relegation zone .  The Baggies have won just one of their last seven Premier League
Woman drove red Peugeot towards Southend-but on London-bound track .  Some cars forced into central barrier and one man suffered neck and back injuries .  ` She was driving without a worry in the world in the fast lane . In the rear view mirror I could see carnage , ' said Sam Butt , 33 , from Leigh , Essex .  ` It was just chaos and it was
David Haye was stopped by officials at Dubai International Airport .  The 34-year-old was accused of writing a # 341,000 bounced cheque which bounced .  Haye had been due to attend a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham on Saturday .  The former heavyweight boxing champion has been unable to leave the country .  Haye has said the ` bounced ' cheques was down to an ` administrative error '
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater , Tennessee , woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months .  The 20-year-old woman was five months pregnant when she went into a coma after a car accident in December .  Doctors were forced to deliver the baby early in January , but now she has finally seen her newborn , who the family calls Baby L .  Giles ` prognosis
Damon Clay , 17 , is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday 's attack .  Quintavious Barber , 19 , and Malik Morton , 18 , have been arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child .  Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the
Number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 , according to Pew Research Center .  Atheists and agnostics will make up a ` declining share of the world 's population ' - even if their numbers are increasing in countries such as the U.S. . , the UK and France .  By 2050 in Europe , Muslims
Horse tried to jump black Peugeot 206 car at event in Greencastle , County Tyrone .  One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf after trying to scale vehicle .  A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at event .  One rider reported visiting A & E to be treated for badly bruised ligaments .  One complaint sent to welfare officers
Manchester United beat Arsenal 2-1 in the FA Cup sixth round .  Luke Shaw was substituted at half time by Louis van Gaal .  The # 28million defender had kept Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain reasonably quiet .  Shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the England squad .  He is struggling to come to terms with his new life , turning to United 's psychologist to declutter his mind and
Karen Reidy , 40 , from Manchester , met Sakir Candan , then 26 , on holiday in Marmaris in 2012 .  The pair clicked immediately and Karen flew out to see him every couple of months .  He proposed to her 18 months later with a ring engraved with his name .  She lost eight stone when she discovered he was two-timing her with another woman .  She said
Tommy Cox , 2 , from Colchester , Essex , has the same side-swept fair hair and cheeky smile .  His mother , whose name is also Kate , and father Paul , 41 , are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with Prince George 's lookalike .  Tommy 's hair is in a side parting , it is uncanny how the two boys look
Heather Mack , 19 , killed her mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St . Regis Bali Resort .  Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years , a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn .  In contrast
The chair in which Abraham Lincoln was shot has been on display at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn , Michigan , for 85 years .  On April 15 , it will be removed from its encasing to be displayed for the 150th anniversary of the assassination .  The chair has a dark stain on the back , which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting .  But
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made .  But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy Ferris Bueller , starring Matthew Broderick .  The car , in classic Ferrari red , was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris 's best friend Cameron in the film .  The car is
Alexia Christian , 25 , was shot in the back of a patrol car in downtown Atlanta .  The Fulton County medical examiner 's office identified the woman as Christian .  The incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse .  Major Darin Schierbaum said police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw the woman sitting inside the vehicle in a parking
Padraig Harrington returned to the Masters on Friday after a year 's absence .  US Public Links champion Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut .  American amateur met a lovely girl called Crystal on the second hole .
England face the West Indies in a three-Test series that begins in Antigua on April 13 .  Alastair Cook faces the media at Gatwick Airport on Thursday morning .  Coach Peter Moores says Kevin Pietersen 's not on this trip so I do n't have to focus on Kevin at all `  Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place .  Pietersen was dropped from
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home .  When her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses .  As the argument goes on , the volume gets higher and higher .
Southampton have slipped out of the Champions League places .  Ronald Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals .  Koeman believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor .  Koeman remains upbeat and is targeting European qualification .
Starbucks announced late Friday night that a computer outage that affected 7,000 stores in the US and Canada has now been resolved .  The global coffeehouse chain said earlier the outage affected 8,000 .  The outage began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast .  The company offered free drinks and baked goods to customers before saying stores that had
Lewis Hamilton is the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of # 88million .  Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of # 72m .  Formula One driver Jenson Button is # 1m behind Rooney with # 71m .  Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is in sixth place with # 42m but is # 2m Rio Ferdinand .  British NBA star Luol Deng ,
Jane Laut was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut .  The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom .  Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs .  Her attorney called the prosecution
Chelsea take on Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .  Jose Mourinho 's side have never lost to Arsene Wenger in 12 meetings .  Didier Drogba and Loic Remy could start up front for the Blues .  Eden Hazard is in line to be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend .  Dominic Solanke is in reserve , having missed Chelsea 's Under 21 team match on Thursday .
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford .  Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley .  Ander Herrera and Radamel Falcao also scored for United .  United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
U.S. . researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns .  It contains platelet-rich plasma -LRB- PRP -RRB--a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing .  It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm and processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed .  The gel , known as
Davon Durant , a promising linebacker at Arizona State University , was arrested last month on domestic violence charges .  His girlfriend , Kelsi Langley , claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car on March 7 .  The 19-year-old has now publicly recanted her story , saying that she lied about the assault because she was jealous .  Durant
Dave Rickard , 72 , and his wife Brenda , 67 , were on holiday in Caernarfon , North Wales .  West Highland terrier Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea .  She was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat .  Mr Rickard said : ` Her head went under the water , it was horrendous '
Andros Townsend scored England 's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy .  The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score a stunning strike .  Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson criticised Townsend 's call-up .  Townsend later tweeted : ` Not bad for a player that should be ' nowhere near the squad `
Ashley Jennifer White , 30 , and Paul Thomas , 32 , have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son , Noah , last month .  Noah 's body was found inside a septic tank on White and Thomas ` property on March 26 .  The couple 's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social
Ronnie O ` Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match .  The five-time world champion was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel .  Marteel warned him about his behaviour towards the end of the afternoon session .  Stevens missed a red in the second round match at the Crucible .
The 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the Park Circus area of Glasgow for # 780,700 after she split from her ex-husband Michael in December 2011 .  She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse , which has been ` impeccably refurbished '  It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a modern fully integrated kitchen and drawing room complete with a marble fireplace and a
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming .  The midfielder could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty .  Johnson will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 .  Sunderland are one point above the Premier League relegation zone .  Jill Saward was the first rape victim in England to waive her legal right
Raymond Townsend , a manager at US Limousine on Long Island , New York .  Employee Geralyn Ganci , now 32 , repeatedly refused Townsend 's requests for sex .  He sent her texts saying that he ` had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me '  He also asked her to come over to his house because his wife was visiting her
Kenne Worthen , 27 , allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August .  The relationship turned sexual in January , according to police .  He allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an iPod app where she labeled his profile with a fake name , ` Jesse Smith '  In another , the teacher told the
Scientists from the University of Connecticut warned animals in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem are most at risk .  One in six species of animals are at risk in South America , Australia , and New Zealand .  In a separate study , scientists examined extinction rates in fossils over 23 million years .  They found that the tropics and Antarctica are most risk
The Wicked Waffle Challenge contains an astonishing 5,000 calories .  It contains four 7-inch wide waffles , 12 scoops of thick ice-cream , four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream .  Two diners have managed to finish it in the last six months .  Cafe owner Harry Harrison said : ` They ' re so stuffed after that , they completely give up `
Four out of ten people say Prince Charles should give up his right to be king .  William has the female vote , with 43 % of women saying he should be the next monarch compared to 37 % of men .  Britain is evenly split on whether Charles should succeed when the Queen dies .  William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family .
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats .  He compared chefs ` corner-cutting to the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline .  ` The microwave has become the chef 's best friend , ' he told The Times .  Unesco has named France 's ` gastronomic meal ' a world treasure .  But there are signs that its crown as world 's culinary
Marca say James Rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' at Real Madrid .  Los Blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when Rodriguez is in the side .  AS focus on Cristiano Ronaldo 's appeal against Rayo Vallecano .  Alvaro Morata says he is not interested in a return to former club Real Madrid .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham , won Masterchef last Friday .  Has never been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  Learned about his cooking from reading and watching TV .  He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children-Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven .  The lucky children are on the receiving
TOWIE star , 29 , is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign .  The campaign sees Jess showcase her incredible figure in the resort collection .  Collection includes 15 swimwear pieces , including plunge , bandeau and boost bikinis .  The full collection will be available in-stores and annsummers . com on Tuesday , 7 April .
Liftoff of the 208ft -LRB- 63 metre -RRB- tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4 : 33 pm EDT / 2033GMT .  But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1 / 2-minute mark .  Elon Musk , founder of SpaceX , tweeted : ` Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud '  Company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed rocket
Natalie Whitear , 35 , suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness .  Condition means she ca n't recognise her husband or children when picking them up from school .  Mother-of-two , from Fareham , Hampshire , was diagnosed with the condition three years ago .  Condition is so severe that she cannot spot her own reflection in the mirror .  She can only see her husband Garrick
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly lived in the Cave of Llenes , near Senterada in Catalonia , around 200,000 years ago .  The remains of other canivores including cave bears , hyenas , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there .  Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests indicate that cave bears spent a considerable amount of time
Mohammad Shatnawi of Jordanian club Al Faisaly scored an own goal on Sunday .  The ball looped up in the air after being kicked over his head .  West Ham were 1-0 down against Al Whidat in the Amman Derby .
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton .  Yann Kermorgant fired Bournemouth into the lead with a wonderful 25-yard free-kick in the 70th minute .  Callum Wilson extended their lead in the 81st minute with a sublime finish .  In doing so they set a club record 106 goals in all competitions , beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England 's first Test against West Indies .  The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned , but he still produces with the ball .  Broad admitted he suffered nightmares after being struck in the face by India 's Varun Aaron last summer at Old Trafford .  In the last 14 Tests Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece
Tiger Woods is ranked a lowly 111th in the game by the world 's best golfers .  The former best player in the world arrived at Augusta on Tuesday .  Woods has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it .  The 39-year-old said it would be his 15th major , if it signalled a true return to form .
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday 's game with Schalke .  The Denmark international turned up late for training on Friday .  Manager Dieter Hecking said that the Denmark international would have started the match if he had n't arrived late .  The 27-year-old has only scored once in 16 league appearances this season .
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a week off with family and friends in Portugal .  The Manchester United defender was in action against Aston Villa on Saturday .  The 25-year-old had an affair with fitness instructor Sarah Watson , 34 .  Watson claims he and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail .  She says he offered her money to spend the night with him-which she declined-and then accepted a #
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund .  The German defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United .  The 26-year-old still has two years left to run on his contract at the club .
Detlef Guenzel , 57 , chopped Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces .  He then buried them in his garden in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau , Germany .  The two men came across each other on a website for cannibalism fantasies .  The men kept in contact via email , text message and telephone .  Gunezel picked the victim up at Dresden 's main railway station and drove him back to his house
Former Capitol Hill staffer Donny Ray Williams pleaded guilty last year to raping two women , but was spared jail time because he is himself the victim of a crime .  A judge on Friday agreed with a prosecutor 's recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries , for which he 's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more life threatening surgeries .  Williams was
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça .  But their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life .  The American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ` barbaric '  The video for the first single depicts androgynous-looking singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault .  Another song by the four-piece band
David Cameron 's party has opened up a four-point lead over Labour .  Labour is on 32 per cent , Ukip on ten per cent and Lib Dems on eight per cent .  One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back .  Main parties are evenly split when voters are asked who they would back on May 7
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri , the Festival of the Steel Phallus , started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction .  Participants pray to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections .  Spectators can buy lollies , sausages and vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia while watching the unusual parade .  The festival started nearly 40 years ago
Kylie Jenner is the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan .  She has been one of the biggest tween stars-with a ticket to every A-List event in town .  As she teeters on the brink of adulthood , the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family .  Kylie 's exact dress is still up for grabs at
Twitter began testing its tool last summer .  Until now , Twitter users have had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a URL and then adding a comment , within the 140 character limit .  But now the process is available at the touch of a button and is going down well on the social network .  To use the feature on Twitter 's website , users can embed
Megan Sheehan , of San Francisco , was arrested and booked at the Santa Rita Jail on St . Patrick 's Day of 2014 .  She was arrested on suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication .  She was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth .  She said that camera footage of Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland Police
Jennifer Lopez 's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze .  It even caught the attention of Google executive , Eric Schmidt .  He has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images .  When Google Images was launched in 2001 , the site offered access to 250 million images .  Just ten year later , that figure reached more than 10 billion .  The
Made In Chelsea star Mark-Francis Vandelli is a keen collector of watches .  The 26-year-old has opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard .  His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase .  One of his flashiest is a Bulgari Bulgeri Chrono 42 , which he bought on holiday in Italy .  He also owns a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetua when out raving in East
Manny Pacquiao has a better chance of beating Floyd Mayweather now than he was in 2010 , says trainer Freddie Roach .  The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it eventually fell through .  The pair will go head-to-head in a $ 300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The 2015 version of Manny is more mature ,
University of South Florida and Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office have proposed building a ` body farm ' in Lithia for research into how Florida elements affect cadavers .  Five to ten bodies from USF 's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C . Heinrich Practical Training Center .  The facility is a 230-acre plot of land bordering by a
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find the leg had gone cold .  His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb .  Doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether it would have to be amputated .  Spurs legend was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17 .  He will not be able to play football again
Chelsea captain John Terry came in from behind with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao .  Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas picked up the ball and released it to Oscar .  Thierry Henry , Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree that play should have been stopped for Terry 's rough tackle .  Sky Sports pundits agree that there was a foul in the build-up to Eden Hazard 's goal .  Chelsea
Chelsea Manning , formerly known as Bradly , has started a Twitter account .  She is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud .  She is dictating the tweets over the phone to supporters in ` close contact ' with her .  The 27-year-old is now living as a woman and is working to transition her gender from male to female .
Nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out .  There 's even a word for it -- ` nomophobia ' - the fear of being without a working mobile .  Sir James Dyson is attempting to solve the problem by investing # 10 million in U.S. . - based battery experts Sakti3 .  It is hoped that their aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry with
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct .  The former Liverpool defender elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head .  The incident happened during the Copenhagen derby on Monday .  Match officials took no action during the game , which finished in a goalless draw .
Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for Tottenham Hotspur .  Tottenham sold Gareth Bale to Real Madrid in 2013 for a world-record # 85 million .  Spurs ` best chance of securing regular Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them .  Tottenham sold Michael Carrick and Dimitar Berbatov to Manchester United .
Shocking surveillance footage taken in forecourt of Sunoco gas station in Philadelphia .  Five people , including two children , storming out of minivan and attacking 51-year-old .  One of the group takes out Mace as the man is brought to ground .  They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless .  The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-years-old boy
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid 's first choice left-back next season .  The 19-year-old Spaniard has played 27 league matches for Valencia this season .  Manchester City are willing to pay the # 13 million buyout clause for Gaya .  Gaya will be a replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov at the Nou Camp .  The Serbian defender is keen to return to Italy after starting just 11 Premier League games
Nexss initiative will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford , the University of California and Yale .  They hope to understand an alien planet 's biology interacts with the atmosphere , geology , oceans , and interior of a planet .  Scientists are also developing new ways to confirm the habitability of these worlds and search for biosignatures , or signs of life .  Nasa has set up a
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle .  Every two years it appears ` bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface .  This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle , causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections -LRB- CMEs -RRB- and solar flares that can endanger Earth .  When the seasons combine , the activity of the sun can be amplified ,
South Korean government paid # 2.4 m to film Avengers : Age of Ultron .  Country 's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in Seoul .  Country agreed to show the country as ` high tech ' and ` modern ' , it has emerged .  Marvel Studios agreed it would ` portray Korea as a high-tech , modern country '  In return , the country
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago .  If true , the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation .  The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 .  It is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia , at 2,903
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud has died aged 84 .  The world has been paying tribute to Benaud , who died on Friday .  The Daily Telegraph had a special tribute edition with the headline ` A marvellous innings '  The Weekend Australian had a picture of Benaud standing on a cricket field with the dates 1930-2015 .  In November , Benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer
Swansea striker Bafetimbi Gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury .  The Frenchman suffered the injury during Swansea 's 1-1 Premier League draw with Everton .  The 29-year-old has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in Lyon .  Gomis hopes to play again in two to three weeks .
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman 's pursuit of two women .  But a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer ` strongly identifies ' the legendary playwright as the true author .  The University of Texas study used psychological theory and text analysing software
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program .  But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream ` F * * * ' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the
Five Danes and three Scots were sent by Europcar to the Isle of Skye in a quest to find the perfect photograph .  Photographers included Fedja Salihbasic , who boasts 427,000 followers on Instagram and Hanni Gharib who flew over , meet the likes of Steve Oates and James Wright .  Their findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users , with the team proving
Six Italian players withdrew from the squad for Saturday 's clash with Charlton .  Steve Morison admits he is surprised by the chaos surrounding the Elland Road camp .  Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry branded the players who withdrew a ` disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club .  Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario Del Fabro , Marco Silvestri , Souleymane Doukara and
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop .  The # 27.49 -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- Swim Tee by Land 's End is made from 91 per cent nylon and 9 per cent Lycra spandex .  It provides UPF 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation .  Simply pull out your wellies in a separate bag , foldable wellies make
Randy Boehning , a 52-year-old who 's represented Fargo since 2002 , sent messages and a photo of his penis to a gay man named Dustin Smith .  Smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story to the local press .  But , while admitting he 's gay and uses Grindr , the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker 's retaliation
Matt Phillips set up two goals in QPR 's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa .  The winger now has seven assists in 2015-the second highest in Europe 's top five leagues .  Lionel Messi has made eight assists this year than any other player .
Rhiannon Taylor , 29 , travels the world reviewing the best hotels , beds , pools and room service for her job .  The prolific Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram .  The Melbourne-based photographer also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear , allowing her to generate further income .  She has travelled everywhere from Indonesia to the U.S. . and
Steve Tempest-Mitchell , 56 , from Bradford , lost 16st after gastric bypass surgery .  Former bomb disposal expert said he was almost a recluse when he was at his biggest .  As he got older , he began to struggle with his weight thanks to a lifestyle of long-haul flights , business meetings and boozy evenings spent entertaining clients .
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night .  It brought mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions .  Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm , and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season .  Earlier
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa .  Among them were 400 Zimbabweans -- including pregnant women and babies -- who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks .  They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge .  About 3,200 Malawians
A total lunar eclipse began at 10.58 pm -LRB- AEDT -RRB- on Saturday night .  Melbourne and Adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the ` blood moon '  Wet and cloudy weather was to blame , but the Sydney Observatory captured every moment with their equipment .  The event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century .  It is the third in a
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison without parole on Monday for murdering ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander .  Arias shot Alexander and stabbed him nearly 30 times in his suburban Phoenix home before fleeing and driving to Utah to meet up with another romantic interest .  She was arrested weeks later and initially denied any involvement in the crime .  In her first mugshot , taken in 2008 , Arias
Brian Nicol , 32 , from Glasgow , died in a swimming pool in Nueva Andalucia .  He was staying with a group of friends at a luxury villa in the Costa del Sol .  Mr Nicol 's friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him .  Paramedics arrived at 8.30 am on Easter Sunday morning but he had died .  Officers said early evidence suggests
Sellers are wildly over-valuing their houses by around # 74,000 .  Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as starting point for negotiations .  Average sale prices are about # 207,000 in the UK , advertised asking prices are typically # 74k higher at # 281k .  Online estate agent eMoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at the market 's peak and were routinely over-pricing their property
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield .  Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for # 570,000 .  Another soldier has received # 411,000 after being left with psychological problems .
Natali Castellanos-Tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from Chesterfield County , Virginia , was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter , Elisa , in the backseat when she allegedly slid off a rain-soaked road and slammed into a tree .  Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions .  The toddler has been having nightmares and
Carlton Tavern in Maida Vale , west London , was bulldozed by developers last week .  Landlady Patsy Lord was told to close for ` inventory ' but returned two days later .  She said : ` It is heart breaking . There was no warning '  The pub , built in 1921 , was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler 's bombs .  Westminster City
Nasa 's Messenger spacecraft is currently 18 miles -LRB- 29.1 km -RRB- above Mercury .  It has spent four years orbiting the closest planet to our sun .  The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet 's surface on 30 April .  As messenger drops ever closer , it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system .
Swedish scientists analysed 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 .  They looked at whether there was any family conflict , change of family structure , interventions from social services or unemployment .  58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes .
Clarence David Moore , 66 , escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate , President Richard Nixon occupied the White House and a single ride on the New York City subway cost 30 cents .  Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff 's Office in Kentucky and admitted to
Nicolas Sarkozy , 60 , is facing charges over funding of failed 2012 bid .  He is alleged to have got UMP party to pay off personal fine of # 500,000 .  Under French electoral law , he should have paid fine himself from his own funds .  On Sunday , his party made electoral gains against Socialists in regional elections .  He is convinced he can become president again
The 18-year-old was left for dead at a bus stop in Leeds last month .  He was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and raped by the man .  CCTV footage shows him following three other potential victims on the same night .  One woman was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car .  He was seen walking behind her in
Gen Nakatani told MPs there has been no alien breach of Japanese airspace .  Told MPs that no government studies into extra-terrestrials are under way .
22.0 % of current GPs gained qualifications overseas , up from 19.8 % in 2004 .  But figure is 71 % in Barking and Dagenham , east London , 63 % in Medway , Kent , and 58 % in North Lincolnshire .  The NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early and others are moving overseas in search of better conditions .  The Royal College of
Tyecka Shanta Evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter .  Taliya Richardson , 3 , was found unresponsive at home in Ocala , Florida .  Evans initially told police she was sleeping at home when her daughter stopped breathing .  But she later changed her story and admitted that she had gone to a club with her sister and the woman
Elle Macpherson , 51 , has revealed that she carries a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes .  The body 's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is .  Elle has been labeled ` The Body ' since the 1980s .  Has had to make sure her physique is in peak condition at all times .  She puts her figure down to ` variation
Thames Valley Police called after a passer-by reported the missile .  Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man .  The dummy was wearing a balaclava with holes cut in his face .  Explosive Ordnance Disposal were also informed and are satisfied it was not a live device .  A local resident condemned the prank , saying : ` What a stupid thing
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories .  Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Labour than under Labour .  Just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9 % under the current Coalition .  Analysis by investment company Hargreaves Lansdown shows investors fare better .  Experts have warned that a hung parliament could send financial markets into the tailspin and
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal .  The German World Cup winner has yet to score since joining in January .  The 29-year-old says he is prepared to fight for his place at Arsenal .  He says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season .
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manuel Pellegrini .  Manchester City boss has lost six of their last eight Premier League games .  The Blues boss has been criticised for his lack of respect .  Pellagrini has lost just one of his last eight games at Old Trafford .  Chelsea host Manchester United at the Etihad on Saturday .  The result will extend Chelsea 's lead in the
Jeremy Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond held talks with Andy Wilman .  Comes hours before it was announced he had quit the BBC 's most successful show .  It is the first public appearance together since Clarkson was sacked last month .  May said BBC would be ` stupid ' to try a version of the hit motoring show with ` a surrogate Jeremy ' , Hammond and
Six players pulled out of the squad ahead of Saturday 's match against Charlton .  Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri , Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani all said they were injured and could not travel to London .  Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has branded the withdrawals a ` disgrace '  Redfearn described it as a ` freakish ' set of events
Kimberley Donoghue , 28 , from South Wales broke her leg and a bone in her foot .  She was carrying a box of wedding decorations when she fell down stairs .  She was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to say her vows .  She says it was difficult getting down the aisle , but she ` would n't change it for the world '
Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden .  They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named .  Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing daughter 's passport .  Critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public
The Admiral Kuznetsov , Russia 's largest aircraft carrier , has a deck spanning 14,700 sqft and has a front end fitted with a diffuser , spreading the air out over the deck .  The contraption is then driven up and down the 1 , 000ft-long deck , blowing all debris overboard .  The crew of the ship came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear
Collin Burns completed a Rubik 's Cube in just 5.25 seconds .  The US national ` speedcubing ' champion was at an official event in Doylestown , Pennsylvania .  He was 0.3 seconds quicker than the previous world record of 5.55 seconds , set by Dutchman Mats Valk .
Judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her no-nonsense take down of O ` Shae Smith .  Smith shot a rival gang member for being ` in his hood ' while in her courtroom .  ` Sir , East Lake Courts is not your hood , it 's the citizens of the United States who own that because they work and pay taxes , you do n't
West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the IPL .  Marlon Samuels grafted his way to 103 against England in the second Test .  The batsman will take a lot more satisfaction from the way he has taken on the moving ball in a demanding Test match .  It gets me down to hear people saying ` was n't Antigua boring ' or ` these pitches are
Jaclyn Methuen , 30 , and Ryan Ranellone , 29 , have been dating for seven years and have been married for a total of seven days .  The couple were on their honeymoon in Puerto Rico when Ryan admitted that he was too ` unattractive ' for her .  The couple have a long-awaited confession about their feelings for each other on tonight 's episode of Married at First
While we might sleep longer , we do n't feel as refreshed in the morning , according to results from users of the Sleep Cycle app .  The app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor in their smartphone .  Researchers found the British had the seventh most disturbed sleep out of 50 countries surveyed .  Our mood on waking -- determined by users tapping
Sania Mirza and Martina Hingis beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0 , 6-4 at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston .  The 28-year-old became the first Indian woman to climb to the top of the WTA doubles rankings .  Mirza won her third successive doubles title with Hingi on Sunday .  She was the first woman to win a WTA singles title in 2005 .  Mirza will leapfrog Italians
Rodrigo Gularte was a paranoid schizophrenic who did n't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life .  The 42-year-old was shot dead alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia .  Father Charlie Burrows said he talked to him for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions .  The convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate
Veteran pilot Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO flying through the sky .  The aircraft captain said the alien aircraft changed colour for around 30 seconds .  He said the object flew in the same direction as his aircraft for around 40 minutes .  He said most pilots have reported similar sightings .
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister .  Mr Farage dropped demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal .  In direct appeal to Tory voters he said he believed many were in ` their hearts ' closer to his position of wanting an EU referendum
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal , Quebec to Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken .  The group of six crossed two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario , as well as five U.S. . states-New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana and Kentucky .  For three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted KFC
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child .  The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team 's Twitter .  Pittman 's daughter Emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday .  The 32-year-old plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics .  Pittman turned to IVF to conceive her
SsangYong -LRB- Korean for ` two dragons ' -RRB- is launching a new sports utility vehicle .  The Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines .  It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels-SE , EX , ELX .  It comes with a choice of front-wheel drive or ` intelligent ' 4x4 and seven airbags .  There 's also a five-year
France 's biggest handball star Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud .  The former Montpellier star has been accused of match fixing .  He and his brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league for betting on the result of a match in which their club lost to Cesson-Rennes .  His lawyer Michael Corbier said the trial will likely take place within months .
Billy Vunipola has been called before a Rugby Football Union disciplinary panel .  He was cited for striking Leicester 's Mathew Tait with his head .  The incident occurred in Saracens ` 22-6 win at Allianz Park on Saturday .  The Saracens back row 's case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday .
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands .  Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on the Spanish coast .  McDonald is wanted on suspicion of conspiracies to import and supply heroin .  He is believed to be a member of a Europe-wide organised crime network .  Monk was allegedly involved in the handover of a kilo of cocaine in Cockfosters
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round on Wednesday .  Gary Bowyer 's side rejected a # 12million bid from Hull City for Jordan Rhodes .  Rhodes scored in Blackburn 's 3-0 win over Leeds at Ewood Park .
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon launches ferocious assault on Ed Miliband .  Claims he is a ` backstabber ' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a ` grubby ' deal with the SNP .  Nick Boles claims Russian president would be pleased to see Mr Milliband enter Downing Street propped up by SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon .  Business and skills minister says Putin would be happy to see
Jordan Sharifi , 17 , was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney , Texas , who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell , Jr . .  On Thursday , Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .  Sharifi initially denied seeing a weapon but later admitted that he had given the boy the gun and had tried
Adrian Peterson played once last season before being placed on the Commissioner 's Exempt list due to a child abuse case .  The 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on April 15 .  Peterson told ESPN he was ` uneasy ' about returning to the franchise .  The Minnesota Vikings do not want to trade their star back .  Peterson is under contract for 2015 , and is set to
Lenny Mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off .  He said : ` Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees ... owww ! '  Woman , dubbed ` Psycho Pen Lady ' , was removed from flight from Chicago to New Hampshire .  He said he would not be pressing charges following the incident .  The woman was ` smirking '
Mike Holpin , 56 , has an active online dating profile on Plenty of Fish .  He has already fathered 40 children by 20 different women .  He is said to have cost taxpayers # 4.3 m in benefits and care costs .  At least 16 children have been taken off him and their mothers and placed into care .  He says he loves sex and wo n't use contraception-even
QPR beat Chelsea 2-1 at Loftus Road in the Premier League on Sunday .  Chris Ramsey 's side held on to a late Cesc Fabregas winner .  The Hoops boss turned away from the pitch to collect his thoughts .  Chelsea moved seven points clear of Premier League leaders Arsenal .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Queens Park Rangers news .
Sally Gordon-Smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm .  She was described by police as caucasian , 150cm tall , with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair .  Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning .
The Ministry of Defence 1 , also known as ` Churchill 's Toyshop ' , was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 .  It was a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare .  He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions .  Many of which never made it beyond the drawing board .  But some were so successful that they
Dr Unt Tun Maung , 43 , was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the girl .  The vulnerable teenager came to him complaining of chest pains in 2012 .  Maung asked the teenager to remove her bra before squeezing her breasts .  The father-of-one , of Chester-le-Street , County Durham , was jailed for 18 months .
Anand Iyer , 36 , worked for fashion site Threadflip , but ditched his job to spend time at home .  He ` felt terrible ' about not seeing his two-year-old daughter Ava , Iyer said .  He said : ` Why are we trying to make our lives so great but are n't investing in time with our child ? '  Alongside his savings , his wife Shreya ,
Daniel Sturridge may not play again this season due to a series of calf and thigh injuries .  The Liverpool striker is battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22 .  Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do ` what is best ' for the 25-year-old .  The Liverpool manager is also determined to bring in players to ease the burden on
Geoffrey Kondogbia is a Premier League target for Liverpool .  The 22-year-old has racked up over 100 league appearances for Lens , Sevilla and Monaco .  Arsenal were heavily linked with him before he left Sevilla .
Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police Weinstein groped her on March 27 .  Weinstein , 63 , is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman , 38 .  Unmarked police car were spotted outside Weinstein 's office after the allegation .  Manhattan District Attorney concluded a criminal charge against Weinstein is ` not supported '
Parking charges topped the list of most-loathed charges in poll by insurer Direct Line .  Also high up on the list are ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges .
Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano is attracting interest from Manchester City .  The 16-year-old has played for France at U16 and U17 level .  Monaco , Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side face Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday .
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal 's side have beaten Tottenham , Liverpool and Manchester City .  Gary Neville believes United have a good chance of beating anyone .
Celebrities have snapped just one selfie and shared it unfiltered .  Nancy Dell ` Olio , Josie Gibson , Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all joined forces for the # SelfieEsteem campaign .  The campaign celebrates women as they are and celebrates the pressure to look their best on social media .  According to a survey , women take an average of six selfies before posting one online .  Ex-Big
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa beat Queens Park Rangers 2-1 .  Tim Sherwood 's side were set to drop into the bottom three .  Charlie Austin had scored 12 minutes from the end of the game for QPR .  QPR boss Chris Ramsey called the striker a ` formidable player '  QPR head coach Chris Ramsey also praised Benteske for his free-kick .  The former Manchester United
Lyvette Crespo , 43 , has been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter .  She allegedly shot her husband , Bell Gardens , California Mayor Daniel Crepo , in September during a heated argument about his infidelity .  The widow claims she shot him after he punched their son , who 'd tried intervening during an argument .
Jay Rutland , 34 , married Tamara Ecclestone in # 7million wedding in France in July 2013 .  Training consultant 's firm Brigante Business Developments listed in company records .  Accounts show company has total net assets of # 3,378 , down from # 18,131 the year before .  He lives with his wife and one-year-old daughter Sophia in # 45million house in London .  Couple own # 300,000 Ferrari
Kyle Seitz , 37 , of Ridgefield , Connecticut , was sentenced to two years of conditional release , a sentence similar to probation , at a hearing in Danbury Superior Court .  Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son , Benjamin , to day care on the morning of July 7,2014 , and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work .  Benjamin died
Freddie Gray , 27 , was arrested last Sunday in Baltimore , Maryland , for an undisclosed violation .  In a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged Gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain .  He was placed in restraints in the van and an ambulance was called to the police station to take him to the hospital .  Gray 's stepfather
Joseph O ` Riordan , 74 , stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman .  A friend told how he had confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his 47-year-old wife Mandy .  He stabbed her with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times .  She suffered life-threatening injuries after being
Emma Forbes , 49 , is the daughter of actress Nanette Newman and film director Bryan Forbes .  She and her hedge fund boss husband Graham Clempson , 51 , bought the home for # 18.5 million in 2007 .  Registry records show there is no mortgage on the couple 's new home .  It replaced a red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade that was torn down by previous owners
Cosmo editor Bronwyn McCahon regrets that her magazine did n't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award .  Gibson 's wellness app and The Whole Pantry cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live ` the whole life '  Media investigations in March revealed the wellness guru had failed to hand over money raised through social media to five charities as promised
Daniel Steele , 25 , was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40 pm on Saturday night .  Kimberly Dianne Richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday .  Her baby , a girl , survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital .
Chaplin , then 35 , married his second wife Lita Grey , 16 , in 1924 .  They divorced just three years later with Lita lifting the lid on their marriage .  In the papers it was alleged that Chaplin slept with the ` virtuous and inexperienced ' Lita .  Another part claims Chaplin delayed marrying Lita after she fell pregnant in an attempt to get her to have an
The driver of the 1991 Ferrari 348 smashed into a tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton on Wednesday night .  The male passenger was seriously injured after the driver came out of the accident unscathed .  He was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre .  The supercar is thought to be worth between $ 90k and $ 110k .
Last week , UK Oil & Gas Investments boasted it had discovered ` world class potential resource '  Analysis of well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin , covering Surrey , Sussex , Hampshire and Kent .  Now firm has been forced into embarrassing U-turn , admitting it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region -- if , indeed
Alex Vella , 61 , is the longtime leader of the Rebels outlaw motorcycle gang .  He has failed to stop the government 's cancellation of his visa while he was overseas in Malta last year .  He has been stranded in Malta and unable to return to his family in Australia .  Police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping , extortion and drug dealing .  Vella
Jason Denayer has impressed for Celtic on loan from Manchester City .  Celtic are keen to retain the services of the 19-year-old Belgian defender .  City City manager Manuel Pellegrini has admitted that his club 's young Academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad .  Current Premier League regulations require clubs to carry a minimum of eight homegrown players .
Chantelle Doherty , 21 , was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man .  She and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky .  Her friend Martin Lawrence , 27 , also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money .  Doherty has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud .  The incidents occurred
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport 's Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday .  The former Tottenham midfielder was in good form as a pundit for the game .  The youngster said Liverpool had ` got away with it to a point ' in playing Raheem Sterling in recent games .  Steve McManaman also defended Harry 's honour .  Ian Darke said Mesut
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea 's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday .  The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games .  Charlie Austin is this week 's runner up with a Game Index score of 52.2 .  Eden Hazard , Olivier Giroud , Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil make the top 10 .
Rudy Gestede has scored 20 goals in the Championship for Blackburn this season .  The 26-year-old has been linked with a move away from Ewood Park .  Swansea , Crystal Palace , Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest .
Residents were confused over who had been dumping bags in an alleyway .  The binman was filmed lifting the bags out of dustbins before tossing them down an alley .  Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later .  They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them .  Adnan Islam 's father had been sent a letter by the
Manchester United will hand trials to Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire .  MK Dons duo will spend a few days at Carrington as coaches assess whether they can be useful additions to the squad .  Wiltshire , also 18 , was included in Karl Robinson 's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season .  Their U18 side have been crowned Youth Alliance South Cup champions for this season .  They face
Jodie Bredo , 26 , from Essex , has been a Kate Middleton lookalike for six years .  Says of the Duchess of Cambridge : ` Kate 's just too frumpy for her age '  ` I 'd love her to get something more fashionable like a bob , ' she said .  ` I do lots of jobs with a William lookalikes , but I do n't see him
Hog 's Breath Cafe in Aspley , north of Brisbane , is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad .  The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise 's Facebook account where it was ` liked ' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it .  Facebook users have quick to ridicule the steakhouse franchise after seeing a picture
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  The German manager has won two Bundesliga titles , the German Cup and reached the Champions League final , in 2013 at Wembley .  Klopsp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager .  He is more open than Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola .  Dortmund have eight games left to play
Casey , 26 , unveils summer range with Honeyz . com .  Full of boho frocks , paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses .  Says launching clothes and accessories is a ` dream come true '  Models all of the clothes herself , of course .  Says she has so many clothes it 's ridiculous but feeling good in our clothes is a big deal .  Has her own walk-in-wardrobe
The freshmen students from Yichuan , Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open .  School said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space .  Many of the students said sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons and encourage them to feel more relaxed
Prosecutors accused of losing a Nissan Micra at centre of double murder case .  Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob , 90 , and Elsie , 83 .  He is also accused of driving their bodies to Lincoln , where they used to live .  But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost .  Police said the car
Kurt Ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players .  Ludwigsen was hired by Nyack College in September .  Police were told he started behaving inappropriately in October .  Ludwigsen is being held on $ 15,000 bail in Rockland County jail .
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million .  Schmidt also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million .  The hefty raise came in a year that saw Google 's stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company 's big spending on far-flung projects .
Snowstorm took place in Krasnoyarsk , Siberia , in less than a minute .  A video maker captured the storm from the bank of a river .  Flecks of snow are seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey .  Visibility is drastically reduced as the snowstorm continues to engulf the video maker .
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the World Championship in Sheffield on Wednesday .  The Belgium international turned out for Under 21s at Fulham on Tuesday night .  The 20-year-old has endured a frustrating season under Louis van Gaal .
Colin Turnbull , 69 , found in ` compromised position ' with model lover Rozina Khanim .  Pair were engaged in sex act at # 13,000-a-year Priory School in Birmingham .  Mr Turnbull has worked at the school for nine years , hiring out a room to offer private tuition .  School regulator Ofsted , Birmingham City Council and the Department for Education were all all involved .  Ms Khanim
North Korea may have 20 nuclear warheads-double as many as previously thought .  Experts at the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University presented three scenarios for North Korea 's nuclear capability , predicting its stockpile could grow to 50 or even 100 within five years .  The pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year , The Wall Street
Julie Schenecker , 54 , was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau , 13 , and daughter Calyx , 16 , dead at their upscale Tampa Bay , Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas .  Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview , she has claimed she pulled the trigger to ` save ' her children , despite previously admitting to authorities that she had
The York County Coroner 's Office says 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife , Shaquana Graham , 33 , and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township , Pennsylvania .
The Clinton Foundation will continue to accept donations from foreign governments despite the risk of a conflict of interest now that its founder is running for the White House .  The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six .  The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton
Justin D . Smith , 18 , and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty .  Krueger , 22 , was shot dead Friday in what police are calling a robbery turned deadly .  Smith is also charged with tampering with evidence .  The two men are accused of murder and robbery in the death of the Ohio
Oskar Groening , 93 , is charged with complicity in killing of 300,000 Jews .  Auschwitz survivors and relatives of those murdered there filed into court today .  They spoke of their pain , pride and duty in confronting this ` cog ' in the machinery .  He was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there .  Between May 16 and July 11,1944 he was in charge of
Bettina Liano has revealed that she cannot afford to pay the Australian Taxation Office almost $ 130,000 in taxes .  The jeans queen is being pursued for $ 126,594 in taxes withheld between March and December 2012 .
Biologists and veterinarians arrived at Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica to examine the decomposing remains .  The animal is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years .  The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has asked boaters to watch out for and steer clear of whales , which migrate into the San Francisco Bay Area in large numbers
Jason McDonald , 34 , from Aurora , Colorado , walked the thin slackline over a pool containing more the alligators-some which measure up to ten feet in length .  Mr McDonald , who volunteers at the farm , has been involved with alligaators for over ten years and has taken handling classes .  While his parents have reservations about his daring antics , he has plans to take his
Kevin Davies injured his left hand during Preston North End 's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United in February .  The former Bolton Wanderers captain tweeted a picture of his cut right hand on Tuesday .  It 's the second time in less than two months that the striker has injured that part of his body .  Davies has found the net just once in all competitions
Dr Fredric Brandt , 65 , was found dead at his Miami mansion on Sunday .  Ripa looked morose as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday .  The former soap opera actress was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans .  Dr Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry .  Madonna and Stephanie Seymour were clients of Dr Brandt , who worked
Rural farmer Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 .  The couple dubbed him ` Dusty ' and nicknamed him ` Skip '  Two years on , the curious and friendly joey has convinced himself that he is a dog .  He rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart 's truck along with the dogs
Natalie Bennett has been dating boyfriend Jim Jepps for five years .  He ran a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend ` rape fantasies '  He described paedophiles as ` complex human beings ' and questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register .  Couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her .
Tottenham take on the best players from Major League Soccer .  The 2015 AT & T MLS All Stars game will take place at Dick 's Sporting Goods Park on July 29 .  The fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that Tottenham will play outside of Europe .  Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer .
England captain Alastair Cook feels Jonathan Trott is ready for international cricket .  The 33-year-old batsman has been in fine form for England .  He was picked for this three-Test tour of the Caribbean after fighting his way back into contention .  The batsman is likely to be given the chance to re-establish himself in the team .  He will play two warm-up matches against a St Kitts & Nevis
Greg Gibbins , 28 , was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in Toukley on the Central Coast on Sunday .  He was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died .  A 20-year-old man was arrested in nearby Halekulani on Monday night and charged with murder .  Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to
Maria Lucia , 44 , detailed her year of terror in a letter to fans on The Current 's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal .  The alleged stalker , Patrick Henry Kelly , from Eden Prairie , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week .  He allegedly repeatedly
England 's withdrawal from the 2014 Victory Shield has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations .  Officials in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 .  Pele made pertinent comments about Wayne Rooney , Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo , Eden Hazard , Oscar and Ramires .  ECB are running out
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-final .  Pep Guardiola 's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game .  Abola report on Porto 's ` terror in Munich ' while Record lead with ` disaster '  Mundo Deportivo lead with a 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp .
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the title .  MK Dons ` Dele Alli was League One 's Young Player of the Year .  Joe Garner and Danny Mayor were named League Two 's player of the year .  Grant Leadbitter and Lee Tomlin also in the second tier 's top 10 .  The Football League revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions .
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women , some as young as eight , were kidnapped by ISIS last summer .  They have been forced to marry and convert to Islam and raped .  Some have returned after falling pregnant and at risk of being ostracised .  Now Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing abortions to ` reverse loss of virginity '  Women who have escaped now face being shunned by their
Man , who has not been named , fell onto U Street station in Washington , D.C. . , Tuesday .  He was pulled from the tracks by two men who jumped down after him .
More than half of a group of 28 industrialised nations cut aid budget .  Britain 's overseas aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of other nations in the Development Assistance Committee .  France slashed its aid budget by 9.2 per cent to # 6.2 billion , the fourth successive decrease .
Sales of books about Islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 .  Comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie which focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket , which left 17 dead .  Experts believe people are buying the books and magazines because they want a better understanding of the
Liu Guijuan posted pictures of herself wearing the headdress on Weibo .  She said she bought the headpiece more than a decade ago for # 10,775 .  She said the accessory was made from the feathers of no less than 80 birds .  She said that she is often envied by fellow artists for wearing such pieces .  She said : ` In order to buy the best -LRB- headdress
Philip Garrod , 43 , was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service when he was caught by a speed camera doing 105mph on his powerful Suzuki motorbike .  He pleaded guilty and was fined # 650 with six points for speeding .  He then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving
Karen Davis , 38 , from Port Pirie , South Australia , has caused controversy after a picture appeared on Google Maps Street View showing her bearing her size-K breasts .  She was reported by police with disorderly behaviour and handed herself into police voluntarily .  A South Australian law professor has said that police acted ` outrageously ' by subjecting a woman to an oral swab .  He said
Pep Guardiola ` would not go to a club like Manchester City , ' says Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge .  The Spaniard will see out his three-year contract with the German champions .  The Bayern boss has been linked with a move to Premier League champions Manchester City .  Bayern beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  Guardiole has won 14 titles in four seasons at
Danel Hall Jr , 10 , was walking down the street in Centre Point , Alabama , yesterday .  A man was chased by a neighbourhood dog , but stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second man in the buttocks , it was claimed .  The bullet narrowly missed his liver and he was rushed to hospital .  Dog 's owner Trayvon Smith denied accusations he had
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in next month 's General Election .  Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago .  Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott have been linked with UKIP .  Botham called speculation that UKIP wanted him to stand against Ed Miliband ` total rubbish '  Meanwhile , England selector Mick Newell supports
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors .  He gave a former teacher a 7 p . m . to 7 a . m . curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail .  Despite their lawyers ` pleas for probation and community service , the
The London-based lawyer 's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice , Italy , last September .  The 37-year-old 's effortless look is not without the help of a few designer items .  From Prada and Stella McCartney to Dolce & Gabbana and Alexander McQueen , the stylish lawyer spares no expense when it comes to dressing herself .  Several of the
Gerry Pickens , 28 , was the first black man to be hired as a police officer in Orting , Washington .  He was fired by the town 's chief of police after just under a year on the force .  Pickens said he had become the butt of racist jokes from fellow cops .  In January , he woke to find his car daubed with racist graffiti .  Vandals
Ian Rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child .  He took part in his first ghost hunt in 2000 and has spent hundreds of pounds on the collection .  The # 50 haunted dolls are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on .  Ian 's favourite doll is Annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who
Syed Viqaruddin asked police van to stop in deserted area , claiming he needed toilet break .  But when bus stopped , another prisoner tried to snatch rifle from policeman .  Four other men killed today as Syed Amjed , Izhar Khan , Mohammed Haneef and Mohammed Zakir .  All said to be members of terrorist group Tehreek Ghalaba E Islam .
Deborah Kane , 46 , from Manchester , had her right eye removed three years ago .  Mother-of-two believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15-where she bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection .  ` Having one eye does n't stop me at all and I ' ve learned to be comfortable with the way I look , ` says the
Students at St Peter 's College in Cranbourne East were drinking recycled water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year .  ` Class A ' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that 's safe for watering gardens , washing clothes and flushing toilets .  The water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption .  An investigation has
The 14-year-old British boy has been remanded in custody after appearing in court .  He is thought to be the youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences in the UK .  He is said to have incited an Australian teenager to behead , run over or shoot a police officer in a ` Lee Rigby-style ' massacre during an Anzac Day ceremony .  He appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday .  Jose Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at the Etihad .  The Blues have been criticised for hounding match officials this season .  The Premier League leaders are serial offenders in the FFP rules .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .  READ : Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas have been
` I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods , hoping maybe that the Iranians would n't say much about it , ' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program .  McCain , responding to the supreme leader of Iran 's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ` instant , ' said
Forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C -LRB- 73F -RRB- by Wednesday .  People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK .  The best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2 C -LRB- 61.2 F -RRB- at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands , followed by 14.5 C in Plymouth , Devon .  incoming high tides and strong
Monsour Alshammari , 27 , is in the U.S. . on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country 's royal family .  He was picked up by U.S. . Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Friday and a judge in Provo signed an arrest warrant on Monday to extradite him back to Utah .  He faces charges related to the rape of a student in February .
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury , Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl .  She was also caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and hands of the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain .  This after the girl 's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the
Stevie McCrorie beat Lucy O ` Byrne in the final of The Voice UK 2015 .  It was the first ever winner of the talent show , which was created by Sir Tom Jones in 2012 .  Leanne Mitchell 's debut single , a cover of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You , failed to chart in the top 100 .  She has now been dropped by her
Women are most popular at 25 years of age , while men hit the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months .  A third of adults -LRB- 36 % -RRB- met their closest friends while at school .  A fifth -LRB- 22 % -RRB- said they met them at work .  25 to 34-year-olds make 22 friends via Facebook , compared to 18 to 24
Hillary Clinton 's now-famous Mystery Mobile , an armored Chevy van , stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle .  Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire , Iowa , for a cup of joe-and of tea .  On Tuesday 's stop people actually recognized her
British boxer Amir Khan has been showing off his lightning quick technique .  The 28-year-old used an empty bottle of milkshake during a training session .  Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29 at the Barclays Center .  The American 's last opponent was Manny Pacquiao .
Jessica Ennis-Hill has admitted she faces her ` biggest challenge ever '  The 29-year-old admits juggling motherhood with Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge .  She will take on Katarina-Johnson Thompson in Austria on May 30 .  Enni-Hill will return to hurdling at the Great City games in Manchester in May .  She has not competed at all since the London Anniversary Games of July 2013 .  Her son Reggie
Kay Hafford , 28 , was shot in the back of the head in Houston , Texas .  Dietrich Evans , 22 , has been charged with aggravated assault for attack .  Church singer was trying to get on the freeway when she honked at another driver .  The driver then pulled up beside her and pointed a gun at her passenger window .  He then fired on the passenger
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi appeared in court on Wednesday .  She was charged with distributing plans of how to build a kayak shaped like her vagina .  She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer .  The case has sparked accusations of heavy-handed censorship .
James Rebanks was born into a job from which , now in his 40s , he takes infinite pride .  Every year , spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long , harsh winter .  His Herdwick sheep -- descended from animals that arrived with the Vikings -- are built for the fells in ways that even the hardiest shepherds are not .  With starkly effective prose ,
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , claimed in a prison interview on Wednesday that he killed a gay supervisor because he made sexual advances towards his teenage brother .  ` I did what I did , and I ' ve got to live with it . If I get life , I just get life ` , he said in a phone interview from a Daytona Beach jail .
Chris Robshaw was caught holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend Camilla Kerslake .  The England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio .
The FIA-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance .  The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport .  The use of models , also referred to as ` race queens ' or ` umbrella girls ' , has long been a feature of Formula One .
The Aerodrome Manual was published unencrypted on the MoD 's website .  It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of RAF 's main base on the Falklands .  It also includes information on the depth of concrete on the runway .  It could have been downloaded by Argentine intelligence agents to prepare a mission to recapture the islands .  MoD admitted the manual had been available on the internet but the
When Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown , it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple , both previously widowed .  But their domestic routine of church activities unraveled as Donna 's health began to fail .  Last year , the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and Alzheimers .  According to Henry
Andros Townsend scored England 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy .  The Tottenham Hotspur winger said naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him in Italy .  The 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene .
Evnika Saadvakass , from Kazakhstan , became a YouTube sensation when she was five .  She was filmed throwing 100 punches in less than two minutes .  The 40-second long clip was viewed around three million times .  The youngster 's work rate is relentless and her ability is staggering .
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle .  All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path .  The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light is sent flying .  Despite the crunch , the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured .  The incident occurred just
Today 's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in Red Sea port city of Hodeida , and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products .  Saudi Arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in Yemen in the hope of forcing the current president , Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi , to return to the country , after he fled last week .  At least 35
Pete Evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis .  The 30-year-old woman , known only as Hollie , was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting Multiple Sclerosis in September 2013 .  She said she endured months of constant dizziness , extreme fatigue and numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression .  But after jumping on the Paleo
Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure .  Out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts .  This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters .  Experts advise playing it safe and restocking supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging UVA and UVB rays .  Ingredient specialist and product developer Tammy Hollis says : ` Chances are
Mark Selby faces Kurt Maflin in the first round of the World Snooker Championship on Saturday .  The world No 1 will be defending his title at the Crucible .  Jimmy White has tipped Selby as one of his ` three to watch '
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose to Porto U21s .  The Chelsea manager visited Motspur Park with his son Jose Junior .  The Blues boss avoided the Champions League fixtures as he watched the match .  Real Madrid progressed to the semi-final with a 1-0 victory over Atletico Madrid .  Chelsea travel to Arsenal on Sunday before they host Leicester .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news
Sam Allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season .  West Ham have already beaten their total in the Barclays Premier League season by two points with seven games to spare .  Big Sam is wasting no time in preparing for the 2015-16 campaign .  West Ham host Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday .
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry .  It is believed the migrants boarded the lorry in Belgium before crossing the channel .  Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck 's back doors .  The men had wrapped themselves up in hats and scalves in the cold .  They were found a week after an illegal camp of
Lydia Kelm , 23 , was arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald 's drive-through in Leesburg , Florida , early Monday .  Kelm had a blood-alcohol content of . 247 when police tested her after she showed up to the drive-though window .  She ` seemed to be confused , lethargic ' and ` had slurred speech , ' an arrest
Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez did not feature in Real Madrid 's Champions League clash with rivals Atletico .  Isco , Alvaro Arbeloa and Sami Khedira all took part in a training session at the Valdebebas complex on Wednesday .  Real Madrid returned to La Liga action on Saturday as they welcome Malaga to the Bernabeu .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side are still chasing their first win
The jury that sentenced Aaron Hernandez to life in prison on Wednesday want the world to know that they gave the former New England Patriots star a fair trial .  When asked if they knew Hernandez before the trial , most of the jury raised their hands .  Only one juror , Rosalie Oliver , did n't know of the tight end who had a $ 40million contract with the
Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962 , shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role as Batiatus in Spartacus .  It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day , costing # 4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just # 2,500 .  It went 0-60mph in
Raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia 's Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning .  Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its perch .  Animal control officers were able to coax the raccoon down .
Alan Rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of Fred Hatch , 76 , with a claw hammer .  His wife Enid , 70 , ran out to help him in a sheltered housing complex .  But she found blood splattered walls where her husband had been beaten .  Rogers had been suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and was ` profoundly mentally ill '  He was sentenced to a hospital order
Natalie Fletcher 's ` 100 Bodies Across America ' project sees painted individuals blended into the like of tourist hotspots , forests and ruins .  For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers-not models-who she then paints .  Each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete , with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted .  Natalie ,
Cody Neatis was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday with a chest infection .  He has Down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube .  The eight-year-old has been without a hospital bed because staff do n't have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep .  His mother , Lynne , 48 , has slept on the floor alongside
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass of Wellness to CEOs and executives across Australia .  The workshop is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day .  The masterclass is called The Boardroom Retreat .  It 's designed to help CEOs , business and retail staff .  The pair have been teaching their skills for three
An American sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging from a hotel balcony .  The 22-year-old jumped from the 10th floor and landed in a swimming pool .  Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman at the Parmelia Hotel in Perth .  The pair were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson .  The man has been taken to Royal Perth Hospital with
Jay Hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage .  He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt .  The 73rd minute substitute for the Lancashire non-league side was dismissed .  The sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media .  His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert , from Oswaldtwistle , Lancashire , slammed those responsible
Rhiannon Langley is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a Bangkok hotel .  The 24-year-old from Melbourne says she has been ` chilling out by the pool ' , getting manicure and pedicures , shopping and eating out .  The hairdresser has almost 200,000 Instagram followers .  She decided to go public with her ` nose job journey ' on social media .  The blogger says she ` already loves ' her
New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX .  President Barack Obama welcomed the Patriots to the White House on Thursday .  But there was one notable absence with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen .  Spokesman for the Patriots said ` prior family commitments ' were the reason .
Novak Djokovic lost the second set of the Miami Open to Andy Murray .  The Serbian star started shouting at his backroom team after the match .  The ball boy got caught up in the crossfire during the tirade .  The Serbian player grabbed a towel from the boy who was startled by the confrontation .  He has since apologised to the boy and his parents on Facebook .  He
Egyptian-born preacher Hani al-Sibai lives in leafy west London street .  Claims he ` captivated ' a number of young men who went on to fight jihadist .  It is believed he influenced ` Jihadi John ' Mohammed Emwazi , real name .  The 54-year-old lives in the same neighbourbood as extremists .  Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the London Boys terror cell .  He
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had ` never regretted ' making similar statements .  His daughter Marine Le Pen distanced herself from the comments .  She said she ` deeply disagrees ' with her ` deliberately provocative ' father .  Mr Le Pen , 86 , is the founder of the far-right party National Front -LRB- FN -RRB- .  He said : ` The gas chambers were a detail of
Marcello Trebitsch , 37 , accused of running $ 7million Ponzi scheme .  Complaint filed by same prosecutor who led investigation into Sheldon Silver 's alleged corruption .  Silver was arrested in January on charges he took $ 4million in brides and kickbacks .
Actress 's mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies .  Sienna also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging .
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-final .  Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty after he challenged for the ball .  The Spaniard followed through with a nasty kick into Stefan Kiessling 's chest .  Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic 's effort as the game went to penalties .  Pep Guardiola 's side are on course for a repeat of the 2013 treble .
Charlene presented the Laureus World Sports Awards to Novak Djokovic .  The 37-year-old cut an elegant figure as she presented the award .  She was joined by Benedict Cumberbatch and Henry Cavill .  Charlene is a mother to four-month-old twins Gabriella Thérèse Marie and Jacques Honoré Rainier .
Fifi M . Maacaron , 36 , is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert .  She created her book , Natural Beauty Alchemy , to showcase that there are cheap alternatives to store-bought products .  Claims that the richness of cheese will quench the skin and protect it against dryness .  Apple cider vinegar has been cited as a great cleansing agent .  Also used in a toner for acne-prone
NBC handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he admitted he had lied about being on a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003 .  But according to a report in Vanity Fair , Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure following Brokaw , whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004 .  On one occasion , Williams implied they had both been
Pep Guardiola 's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season .  Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich .  Hitzfield believes the Spaniard is a candidate for the German giants .  Hitzfeld spent two different spells as Bayern boss and retired in 2014 .
The Shire of Montana is located in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state .  At 1,000 square feet , the Hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property .  It has decorative hobbit homes , fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house that people can step foot in .  The tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture , a stove and
12-year-old Alfie underwent general anaesthetic for an MRI scan last month .  Owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind Alfie 's ear .  When Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong .  She took him to a local vet , where staff exposed the severe burns .  Alfie , who is also deaf , is now on medication while wounds heal .  But could face surgery to
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino .  Former QPR boss says a sixth or seventh place finish this season is not progress .  Tottenham are almost certain to miss out on Champions League football again .  Tottenham are currently occupy a place only in the top six .
Jose Luis Gaya 's buy-out clause is currently set at # 13.5 m .  Manchester City , Arsenal and Chelsea are interested in signing him .  Gaya grew up playing as a winger before gradually being moved back to full-back .  The 19-year-old has represented his country at every level since under-16s .  He has tended to benefit every time Juan Bernat has moved up an age category .  Gaya
Harpers Bazaar magazine has published an extract from Kim Kardashian 's book Selfish .  The 34-year-old star works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye West .  Kim works out every morning and eats eggs , oatmeal and fish for lunch and dinner .  She also eats ice cream , Dulce de Leche-flavoured Häagen-dazs ice cream .  Beyonce and Jay Z went vegan for 22
Ernest Goult , 72 , will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture .  Three black players expected to give evidence at Teesside Magistrates ` Court .  Blackburn players Markus Olsson , Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson will also give evidence .
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid 's dramatic Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .  The defender was deployed in midfield to cover the absence of Luka Modric .  Ramos is one of those players who could play in every single position on the pitch .  He started his Real Madrid career as a right back and won
Sophie Ryan-Palmer , 12 , Fabian Bates , nine , and Chloe Balloqui , three , are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital , London , the leading British centre for treatment of child cancers .  They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy .  Immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient 's cancer cells and destroy
Zhou Yongkang is an ally of Bo Xilai , the top official jailed two years ago .  He is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets .  He is likely to be found guilty , and could be executed .  The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing .
Denise Chiffon Berry , 44 , and her son were driving in Hawthorne , California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them .  The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy .  Ms Berry died at the site while her unidentified son survived .
Listeners brand the problem ` irritating ' , ` annoying ' and ` frustrating '  Shows such as Dad 's Army and Hancock 's Half Hour have all fallen foul of the problem .  It says live sections of radio stations cause the start and end times of programmes to shift , confusing the automatic recording system .  But this is not a new problem for the corporation and has
After more than nine years , the New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto .  Now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image of the dwarf planet -LRB- the bigger blob -RRB- and its moon Charon .  The blurry image does n't reveal a huge amount of detail-but it is a sign of things to come .  On 14 July 2015
Peter Kelly , a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River on Tuesday as he fished with a friend .  The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down .  For the next three hours , Kelly and his
Susannah Ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week .  But she has not been heard from since Friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain .  Many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well .  A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the quake .  Others were staying in
Liam Stewart is the son of rock star Rod Stewart and former model Rachel Hunter .  The 20-year-old forward had been included in Pete Russell 's 23-man squad for the World Championships in Holland next week .  Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs ` play-off series against Everett .  He is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock of Belfast Giants .
The Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in March 1940 .  But Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed over Dunkirk in May 1940 .  The fighter plane was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber .  In 1980 the wreckage was discovered
Showbags cost anywhere from $ 10 to $ 30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip to the Easter Show .  The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents .  At least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright-such as the Cowboy Bag .  For $ 15 buyers
Scientists at the University of California Santa Barbara discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean .  The virus causes one of its own genes to mutate-allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in .  This is because the virus actively causes a new way to cope with the harshest environments on Earth .  This is
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife .  Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women 's Masters despite talking about growing the game .  Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour by his fellow professionals .  Jack Nicklaus showed he 's still got it at the age of 75 with a hole in one at the fourth in
Dan Bilzerian , aka ` King of Instagram ' , is the last man you would expect to be fronting a video about responsible gun ownership .  He has been forced into making a public safety announcement to avoid jail .  The film shows him speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home .  He says : ` As an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 % higher than a colleague .  It means an extra # 2,100 a year -- # 17,800 rather than # 15,700 -- to anyone who has kept their marriage intact .  The debt of a divorced retiree averages # 22,100 , Prudential 's report said .  One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with
Bayern Munich were beaten 3-1 by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday .  Pep Guardiola 's side are chasing a treble of domestic and European titles .  The German champions were beaten 2-1 at the Estadio Dragao by the Portuguese side .  Thomas Muller , Manuel Neuer and the rest of the squad were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to Germany
Stoke 's Charlie Adam scored from 66 yards against Chelsea today .  The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot .  The shot , travelling at 45.1 mph , was hit such power that the back-pedaling Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it .  Adam said : ` On a
Mrs Kebede , the last black woman to cover Vogue Paris was model Rose Cordero in March 2010 .  In January of this year , British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover when it gave Jourdan Dunn the prized accolade .
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday .  James Collins scored a comical own goal to give Manchester City the lead .  Sergio Aguero doubled the lead for the champions before half-time .  Carl Jenkinson believes the Hammers are on a ` bad run of games '  The 23-year-old said : ` People ai n't happy finishing mid-table '  The Hammers have just one
Nearly 100 pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to visit mosque .  They were part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths in Exeter , Devon .  One mother Sally Cox , 39 , said she ` does n't want to put her son at risk of being shot '  Christine Trevethen , 47 , has stopped her 10-year-old daughter Keira going on the visit .
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray , 27 , admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits , which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day .  It was n't until an obese friend ` unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette ' that he was motivated to make changes in his own life .  Alex said that he could n't think of a ` specific catalyst '
Juventus have tabled an offer of 25million euros -LRB- # 18m -RRB- for Paulo Dybala .  Manchester United and Arsenal have also been linked with the Palermo striker .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday .  Barcelona thrashed Almeria 4-0 to go top of La Liga .
Nikki Thomas , 27 , says she wants to turn back the clock and tell her sister .  Jenna Thomas , then 21 , was strangled to death by Philip Packer in 2008 .  He used to hound her with calls and texts but never reported his behaviour to police .  Nikki , from South Wales , said she wishes she had done more to save her sister .  She
Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side are one point behind Premier League leaders Chelsea .  Sergio Aguero is wary of Louis van Gaal 's team 's threat .  City have beaten United in the last four derbies .  City have lost three of their last five league games .  City have scored six goals against United , including one at the
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday 2 .  Sportsmail 's Boxing correspondent Jeff Powell will be ringside for the fight .  The fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -LRB- # 195m -RRB- .  The fight will attract a record amount of revenue from sponsorship .  Tecate have paid $ 5.6 m to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor
Craig Roberts , 36 , walked into his local Post Office in Chadderton , Manchester .  Employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served .  When he explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog , the employee allegedly insisted he should be left outside .  Mr Roberts , who was born
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix , her fourth holiday in a month .  Underemployed 26-year-old was spotted in Gulf state with boyfriend Dave Clark .  She was among dignitaries on the starting grid before the race , according to onlooker .  Sir Jackie Stewart and Rory Bremner were among those in tower watching the race .  Princess Beatrice receives no public funding but her jet-set
Australian teenager Violeta Tupuola has joined the # kyliejennerchallenge craze .  She has placed a shot glass over her mouth to pump up her lips .  In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner 's bee-stung pout , Violeta removed the shot glass and had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck .  The bizarre effect is reportedly painful with the effect lasting up to
Brenda Finn , 30 , was diagnosed with alopecia universalis at the age of 14 .  She was left with no body hair or fingernails due to her hair loss .  She suffered crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school .  Now , after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with
Britt Lapthorne was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in Dubrovnik in 2008 .  Croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student 's body came to be in nearby Boninovo Bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared .  The 21-year-old 's parents believe she was murdered , her body weighed down and dumped at sea .  A Victorian inquest into her death
Ander Herrera joined Manchester United from Athletic Bilbao for # 29million .  Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for supersitution .  The 25-year-old made his debut season at the club in 2011-12 .  Herrera reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his first season .
Two Ryanair planes collided at Dublin Airport at 8am this morning .  One of the planes ` winglets was left dangling after the collision .  It 's the second time in six months that two planes have collided at the airport .  Passengers were travelling to Edinburgh and Zadar , Croatia .  Passenger Shannen Murphy said : ` And next of all there was a jerk in the plane ,
Art collector claims she was robbed of more than # 4million worth of jewellery .  She was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport .  Three thieves ` appeared from nowhere ' and smashed rear window of car , making off with bag .  Heist took place in Landy Tunnel , notorious for smash-and-grabs .  It included a single ring worth close
Arson , vandalism and direct threats against Jews , synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009 .  Britain registered 141 violent incidents against Jews in 2014 , after 95 a year earlier .
Gary Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday .  Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties following Wigan 's 2-0 defeat to Derby on Easter Monday .  Chairman David Sharpe said the appointment was made to get an immediate reaction but that the club see Caldwell as a ` long-term leader '  The 32-year-old has made no secret of his intention to take up coaching
The so-called Disciples of the New Dawn 's Facebook page has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share , and comment on , the group 's anti-cesarean memes .  ` Face the facts : You did n't really give birth . You caught a lucky break . Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done , ' reads one
Jordan Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round to sit six under .  Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links .  That looked to have put him firmly in contention , with playing partner and defending champion Matt Kuchar holding the clubhouse lead at the time on eight under .  But he took everyone by surprise with
Liverpool host Aston Villa in the FA Cup on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers says Man City are bigger than Liverpool or Manchester United .  The Reds have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for Raheem Sterling .  Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  Rodgers says the Anfield club have no intention of becoming their feeder team .  CLICK
Algeria 's Championnat National de Premiere Division has a tight league table .  Just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey .  Any of the 16 teams in the league could still be crowned champions .  Three teams will be relegated to the second division .  Last year 's champions USM Algier are currently in fifth place .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats .  But in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix .
Sketch portrayed a teenager testifying during the trial of Janet Johnson-Luna , 32 .  He tells the court the affair lasted five ` glorious weeks ' and he instigated it to gain extra credit .  The teen points to her and says : ` She is right over there , looking all fine '  Daly says the affair felt like ` Disneyland ' and said he gave ` thousands of
Neil Killham , 32 , from Manchester , made the shepherds pie-trifle combination .  Features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions , whipped cream and sprinkles .  Character Rachel Green -LRB- played by Jennifer Aniston -RRB- accidentally made it 16 years ago .  He said : ` It tasted terrible of course-but not so bad that I could n't finish my slice '  In the
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11 .  The Irishman has a tiger 's face tattooed on his stomach .  McGregor claims Aldo lacks the same motivation as him .
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring for AC Milan just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box .  Nigel de Jong 's spectacular overhead kick was headed straight for keeper Emiliano Viviano but found the back of the net off Alfred Duncan 's leg .  Sampdoria remain sixth in the Serie A behind fifth-placed Fiorentina on goal difference .  Samuel Eto ` o provided
Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham in the Championship .  MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson 's side to three points .  Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt after a 4-2 win at Rochdale .
Glenn Mason , 56 , plundered accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year-old woman and a 92 year old man .  Bank manager was jailed for 15 months in November last year .  He has said he will pay back the whole # 185,000 out of his RBS pension pot .  Bank has already refunded the customers targeted by Mason , and will receive the money as compensation .
Grigor Dimitrov beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1 , 6-2 in Monte Carlo Masters .  The Bulgarian will face Frenchman Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals .  The 30-year-old is the defending champion of Monte Carlo .
Pictures were posted on Twitter by anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently .  They risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the city .  ISIS prides itself on its well-oiled propaganda offensive , pumping out images , videos and even a weekly English-language magazine designed to recruit and radicalise would-be jihadists .  But as seen here , that ease of disseminating information can easily backfire
Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency home to Gary Lineker , Frank Lampard , Mick Hucknall and Chris Tarrant .  They paid the most income tax in 2012 / 13 , with bills averaging # 16,900 , almost four times the national average of # 4,363 .  Average annual income is # 59,600-more than # 30,000 above average gross annual salary .  Other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies are in
Fenerbahce team bus was attacked near the city of Trabzon on Saturday night .  The driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital with a head wound .  Fener general secretary Mahmut Uslu said the attack was ` very wrong '  He said : ` We come here to do sport , we come to play football '  Fener beat Caykur Rizespor 5-1 in the Super Lig on
Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip Aspinall joined a local Catholic priest in calling for Queensland 's controversial ` gay panic ' homicide defence to be scrapped .  The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant established their victim ` came on ' to them .  ` I do n't think it 's reasonable to murder someone who approaches you sexually , ' he said .
Martina Hingis played her first tour-level singles since 2007 .  The former World No 1 was defeated 6-4 , 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska .  The 34-year-old fought courageously but could not prevent defeat .
Jane Horrocks took three weeks driving along the Pacific Coast Highway from San Francisco to Los Angeles .  It 's only about 350 miles as the crow flies between San Francisco and LA , but it 's probably well over 500 miles long .  Much of the highway has a 55mph speed limit and has only one lane in each direction .  Jane took a detour on 17 Mile Drive
Carol Chandler , 53 , is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under 16 in 1980s .  Accused of assaulting boy at St Paul 's School in Barnes , south west London .  Charged as part of Operation Winthorpe into alleged historic child sex abuse .  She appeared at City of Westminster Magistrates ` Court and spoke only to confirm her identity .
Plane landed at East Midlands Airport with 10 tonnes of cargo , including dangerous goods .  Left main landing gear came off due to heat damage to chrome plating .  Captain and co-pilot escaped injury , and there were no passengers on board .  Air Accidents Investigation Branch report released a photo of the dramatic landing .
Tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport , Greater Manchester , in the 1930s .  They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces .  After the Second World War , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter where residents of Lancashire and Cheshire could hide from Nazi bombs .  A total of 6,500 people could fit into the shelter , which was
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix at the Sakhir circuit by four-tenths of a second from Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel .  Hamilton 's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg qualified second and third .  Jenson Button 's McLaren broke down with him having done just one sector of one lap .  He will start 20th and last -- no place to start his 100th race for the team
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month .  The New Zealand international had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham .  The club are set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016 / 17 .
Derek Skyler Brux , 22 , pleaded guilty to unhitching two locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country .  He then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again .  He was preparing to hit the train a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 pre-season test debut on Wednesday .  The 16-year-old , son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael , drew huge media interest to the Oschersleben circuit in Germany as he drove his Van Amersfoort car .  The young protege began karting seven years ago .  Mick 's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1 .
Andrea McVeigh , 44 , was knocked down by a cyclist in Bermondsey , south London .  The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead .  The 44-year-old was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood .  Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to .
Matt Derbyshire gave Rotherham the lead after four minutes .  Ross McCormack equalised for Fulham in the 67th minute .  But Fulham were unable to push on for the winner .  Steve Evans ` side still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player , Farrend Rawson , during the win against Brighton earlier this month .  If the Football League follow the precedent set with AFC
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web .  Last week , Australian woman Jade Ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends , who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter .  They wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop .  She said they were ` so over ' the running commentary
Celtic want to keep Jason Denayer on loan for another season .  The 19-year-old defender also faces competition from Vincent Kompany at City .  Celtic boss Ronny Deila has confirmed that he will ask Manchester City if he can keep him on loan .  Deila said : ` Jason is ambitious-he wants to play at the highest level he can . If not , I think Celtic is a good
Spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date .  It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter .  Regions with many galaxies are shown in white or red , whereas regions with fewer galaxies are dark blue .  The lighter blue and white areas on the map represent greater concentrations of
Patient-known only as Alex S-had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks .  He believed the operations would help him regain his vitality and cure schizophrenia .  Dentist-known as as K-claimed to be a ` recognised healer '  He said he pulled the teeth out because Mr S , who lived in woods and only ate raw foods , had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings .
The research was carried out at the Humanitas Clinical and Research Centre in Milan .  It involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men-360 with prostate cancer and 540 without .  Dog one got it right in 98.7 per cent of cases , while for dog two this was 97.6 per cent .  Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK , with more than
A 32-year-old man has been charged with grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture .  He is due to appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday .  The case involves a man from central Queensland who was admitted to a hospital suffering from fractures , head injuries and burns on Saturday .  The victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him
Jason Rezaian , who is the Post 's Tehran bureau chief , has been detained in Iran for eight months .  He has been accused of ` espionage ' and ` acting against national security '  Fars news agency did not elaborate what those charges were .  The agency is considered to be close to the ultra conservative Iran hard-liners .  Iran is subject to sanctions from the U .
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool .  Burnley striker 's future has been the subject of considerable speculation .  Ings has scored nine goals during his debut Premier League season .
The 22-year-old 's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the Flatiron Pre-College Academy .  Karlie is donating $ 20,000 of her own money for the classes , which cost $ 2,000 per student , while the school has offered to match her contribution .  The former Victoria 's
Kevin Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013 .  Chris Tremlett has backed his Surrey team-mate to make an international comeback .  The 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career .  Pietersen cancelled his Indian Premier League contract in order to play domestic cricket for Surrey .  South Africa-born Pietersen 's England career went up in smoke during the disastrous 2013-14 Ashes series
Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma , Arizona .  Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys , but a Go Fund Me campaign was set up this weekend .  It named them and their parents , Mark and Alexis .  A friend of the boys ` grandmother has set up a fund to cover memorial and medical costs .  Authorities do n't suspect
39 criminals are on the run from Ford Open Prison in Arundel , Sussex .  Among them are two murderers , drug dealers and fraudsters .  One of the escapees is violent killer Robert Donovan , 57 .  He disappeared from the prison in 2010 , but it took the police four years to alert the public .  Murderer Derek Passmore , who beat to death a disabled man in
Martin Guptill has not represented New Zealand at Test level since 2013 .  Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time .  Mitchell Santner is the only uncapped player in one day international and T20 squads .
Paul Gregory , 51 , of Bedford , claimed he could only walk 200 metres .  He applied to renew his blue badge but claimed exercise left him breathless .  The ` experienced walker ' was attacked by cows in Cumbria on the third day of a hike .  He was exposed when council staff read a newspaper report about his exploits .  He was fined # 795 and ordered
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday .  Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time .  Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second .  Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood 's side .  Marouane Fellaini could have scored with a second half header -- 6.5 .  Radamel Falcao -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- , Juan Mata -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- and
Green Party demands end to austerity with # 176bn a year spending splurge .  State pensions to be increased by more than # 60 a week , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 % .  Party also pledges to pump an extra # 12bn into the NHS from day one .  But manifesto also reveals left-field pledges-including ` complete ban ' on cages for hens and rabbits
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses .  They collapsed on the Bella Vista boat on Good Friday , forcing it to dock near the Opera House .  They were rushed to St Vincent 's Hospital but are now stable .  One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit , including blue ones with scissor stamps on them
Labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife Justine watched a DVD of the 2014 movie starring Bill Nighy and Imelda Staunton .  He said : ` I plead guilty to being a geek . I ' m proud `  Mr Miliband said as a 12-year-old he had a ` big passion ' for the 1983 video game Manic Miner , which he played using his ZX
Velella velella are washed up across Oregon , California and Washington .  They have a small sail on top of their bodies , which means they are easily blown to shore .  The creatures are also known as ` by-the-wind sailors ' or ` purple sails '  They are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose .
Matt Scott has been ruled out until at least the end of the season .  Scott has n't played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month .  The 25-times-capped centre is also a doubt for September 's World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year .  Edinburgh
A new study of Australians ` spending habits reveals that 1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner .  17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men .  Generation Y -LRB- aged 18-34 -RRB- were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories .  Victorians had the most cunning credit card behaviour .
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final .  Pep Guardiola 's side face an injury crisis ahead of Wednesday 's clash .  Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery , David Alaba , Javi Martinez and Tom Starke are all ruled out .  Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the clash .
Edwin ` Jock ' Mee is accused of attacking 11 victims as young as 15 .  One woman told Southwark Crown Court today that she saw Mee , 46 , as a father figure after he helped her join the Army .  She said : ` He was like someone I could really lean on because he would ask me everything about my personal life '  Mee was working at
Australia 's Civil Aviation Safety Authority -LRB- CASA -RRB- has placed higher safety restrictions on Thai Airways .  The airline is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia .  China , South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers .  An audit by the UN 's International Civil Aviation Organization -LRB- ICAO -RRB- found ` significant safety concerns ' with the country 's
Piper Hulk , 8 , died in the head-on crash on the NSW Central Coast on Saturday .  His brother William , 9 , died on Sunday evening , hours after the accident .  His brother Daniel , 12 , and mother Chantelle , 31 , are still in hospital .  A relative posted the heartbreaking photo of William with his arm around Piper looking out at the water .
Flight Centre founder and BRW rich list alumni Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction on Saturday .  The 63-year-old self-made millionaire accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction .  The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer .  Mr Harris bought the Melbourne home from Mirvac
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run within five years .  Opponents claim she has ` broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis ' on a referendum .  In September 's vote , 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the UK .  In a series of TV election debates , the SNP leader has shifted her position .  She said : `
Dr Jim Penman has warned Britain is facing a collapse in society .  He says Britons have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the Victorian era .  He has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and Rome in 100BC .  Dr Penman , of the RMIT University in Melbourne , made the claims in his book ` Biohistory : Decline and Fall of the West '  He adds that Christianity
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League .  The Saints remain in the hunt for a place in next season 's Champions League .  Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish inside top four .  The Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season .  Koeman 's side travel to Sunderland , Leicester and City
Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool .  The 20-year-old wideman revealed he would have signed for a lot less a year ago .  Sterling has managed just six goals this season-one less than Jon Walters .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals .  Pep Guardiola 's side are now in the last four of the competition .  The Spaniard said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death at the German club .  He arrived at Bayern after their 2013 treble-winning season and expectations have not been lowered since .  Robert Lewandowski made it three
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali .  The ring has been engraved with the heartfelt message : ` Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 , Love Jenny '  The Facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times .
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War .  At its height Cheyenne was home to 7,000 aircraft per day as part of their surveillance operations .  It shut down ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside , but this week the Pentagon announced that it will be home to
The vaccine , known as RTS , S , took 30 years to develop .  But it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives .  Researchers say it could make a ` substantial contribution ' to controlling the disease .  Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency -LRB- EMA -RRB- .  Tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and
Native reds have been almost wiped out in the country , except for a few pockets in the north of England , the Isle of Wight and Scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from America in the 19th century .  Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area .  They have been spotted in Windermere , in the picturesque Lake District .  Disease , habitat
Kyli Wilfson , 29 , was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis when she woke up in excruciating pain in October 2012 .  The North Carolina resident 's condition was initially thought to be due to a mild pancreatic problem which would ` resolve itself ' in a matter of days .  Three months after her first visit to the emergency room , she was finally diagnosed with the rare disease .
Brock Guzman , 8 , was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla .  He was found safe and well about two miles away from his home in Fairfield , California .  Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the car after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended .
Sir Vivian Richards believes James Anderson is a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham .  Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday against the West Indies .  Four wickets would take him past Botham 's national record of 383 Test wickets .  Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Botham as England 's top Test wicket taker .
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland , New Zealand .  A passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines .  His boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ` idiot ' driver 's actions .
Southampton face Everton in the Premier League on Saturday .  Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury against Burnley .  Ronald Koeman is reluctant to give a more precise time frame for the England international .  Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season .
Queen Margrethe , 75 , waved to crowds outside the Amalienborg Palace .  Crown Prince Frederik , 46 , his wife Mary , 43 , and their four children were also on the balcony .  They were joined by twins Vincent and Josephine , four .  Prince Henrik , 80 , missed the carriage procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the Rådhus .  The French-born royal was replaced for
B2C Data sold the financial data of 15,000 people .  Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients .  The Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies .
The study was carried out by Harvard , Columbia and Duke University .  Majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men .  Despite struggling with ` impulsive ' behavior , this was not picked up on background checks .  Comes in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the US .
Joe Gomez is valued at # 8m by Manchester City and Arsenal .  The England Under-19 defender has played at right back for Charlton this season .  City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday .
Imran Uddin , 25 , was in his final year of a bio-science course at the University of Birmingham .  At the time of the hacking he was expected to achieve a 2 : 2 degree .  He bought a ` shadowing ' device which can be bought for # 49 on the internet .  It records everything which is typed into the keyboard and saves the data .  He
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that leaving Liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be .  The England youngster rejected a # 100,000-a-week deal at Anfield .  Owen says that Sterling is in a great place to develop , but argues that it does n't mean the youngster owes the club anything .  Owen scored 158 goals during his time at Liverpool , spending eight seasons on
Sam Smith , 22 , has dropped three stone over the past year .  The London-born singer has been named Vogue 's April ` Today I ' m Wearing ` star .  He 's modelled a new body confident Sam , complete with designer stubble .  New dietary regime by nutritionist Amelia Freer has ` transformed ' his relationship with food .  Freer is an advocate of cutting out gluten
Usain Bolt visited a small gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro 's Mangueira favela .  The Jamaican sprinter took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three .  Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend .  He jogged a 20-metre track with youngsters who had been training there .
England 's failure to win the first Test leaves Alastair Cook in the spotlight .  Peter Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada , starting on Tuesday , and in Barbados .  Jonathan Trott has earned the right to get a go , ` says Moores .  England have decided to keep Adil Rashid with them at least for
Michelle Woods was told by her daughter that ` something was moving ' in the bath .  When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there , that 's when they came face to face with the reptile .  The four-foot red and orange corn snake is a non-venomous species normally kept as a pet .
Francis Pusok , 30 , fled his home in San Bernardino County , California on Thursday after police tried to arrest him for identity theft charges .  He led police on a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback .  Helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching him more than 80 times .  In an interview with NBC 4 on Monday , he said he had been handcuffed for
Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull there will be no more power-unit problems .  Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One .  Red Bull 's Daniil Kvyat 's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-Unit failure in China .
Ed Miliband 's five-year-old son inadvertently waded into row about Labour leader 's kitchen .  Comment was made during an ITV interview in which the family cook eggs .  But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the ` best ' in the # 2.7 million home .  He was forced to admit that he needs two kitchens because the family nanny
SNP leader says ` direction of travel ' is towards independence .  David Cameron warns of ` frightening ' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom .  Tories unveil new poster showing Sturgeon pulling Ed Miliband 's strings .  It could mean more taxes and borrowing in England , Wales and Northern Ireland .  Tories have issued plea to Ukip and Lib Dem voters to lend their support to Tories
Cara Newton , 32 , was diagnosed with Ewing 's sarcoma in 2009 .  She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility .  After IVF failed , the couple feared they would never become parents .  They tried IVF using a donor egg but when that failed , they feared the worst .  But 10 months later , to their utter surprise ,
Patrick and Marianne Charles , 78 and 74 , were without heating during a blackout .  Couple sat down in their conservatory with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room .  Within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes .  They laid dead for 16 days before their son , Andrew Charles , found them .  Mr Charles said
Reece Oxford scored for West Ham Under 21s against Manchester United .  The 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season .  Oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season .
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi , 42 , admitted four counts of voyeurism and was fined # 500 .  He cut a peep hole in Lynx shampoo bottles and dried them out .  Urology specialist hid his iPhone inside the bottle to film through the hole .  He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles .  The doctor said he set up the intricate device to ` let
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera at Asheville Humane Society .  The rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .  As a result , he was forced to crawl around on his joints .  Thanks to more than $ 3,000 in public donations , the canine was able to have the life-changing operation he needed .
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales ` worst storm in a decade .  A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the Opera House and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station were just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the storm .  A
Sue Sharp , 57 , was shocked to find a stamp on the # 11 joint saying it had come from New Zealand .  Asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and that the gaffe was the result of human error .  Mrs Sharp , who runs a 1,600-acre sheep farm with her husband Robert .  She sought out British produce in support of her fellow farmers .  But
Cristina Coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect .  Coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston , Texas .  The truck was stolen from Coria 's driveway on Tuesday .  Police discovered the vehicle the following day in a storage lot , but its bed and wheels had
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off on April 4,1975 .  They were found huddled together in a paddy field a day after the crash and later taken to their adoptive parents in the U.S. . who had earlier been told they were dead .  The pair had been placed on the lower cargo
Emma Dickson , 31 , thought she would be planning her wedding to fiance Dougie , 26 .  But she ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital .  She had two blood clots , which moved to her lungs and caused pulmonary embolism .  She felt certain she was going to die but there was a risk the clot could have moved to
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola , Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award .
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati , 24 , a naturalized US citizen , faces two counts of making false .  statements involving international terrorism matters in US District Court of the Southern District of California .  Saeed falsely claimed he had not .  been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members .  Federal agents investigating Saeed have uncovered incriminating
Jade Walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the family she loaned Magic to had sold the animal for just # 200 .  The care assistant from High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , advertised for a temporary owner last year after the cost of his upkeep went over # 4,000 a year .  A woman in the West Country responded and took Magic to help her daughter improve her riding
Randy and Jodi Speidel , from Bellefontaine , Ohio , died from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week .  The middle-aged couple created online fundraisers on GiveFroward . com and GoFundMe . com in late February begging for financial help .  They had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off .  On Tuesday ,
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country 's rapidly growing , yet unregulated , gestational surrogacy industry for HBO documentary series Vice .  The reporter from Brooklyn , New York , went undercover to meet with an agent in India who offered to get her a baby in two to three months .  The agent then tried to sell her and her team the baby over
Precious Richardson Coleman , 29 , ran down Beatrice ` Dee Dee ' Spence , 24 , and her uncle , 37-year-old Damon Watson , in her 2004 Dodge Durango .  The hit and run was the climax of a simmering feud between the two women over Coleman 's current boyfriend , whom Spence had reportedly dated in the past .  Spence 's mother , Danika , ran out of
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport , near Melbourne , shortly before noon on Saturday .  One of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane .  Three people were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
The TOWIE star met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby this morning .  Essex told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ` really , really reem guy '  Mr Farage quipped : ` I think that 's good ... I ' m not sure `  Essex is speaking to the leaders of the four major political parties for the first episode
` N ' , who was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood .  She still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse .  ` I cry out in my sleep almost every night . I dream that it -LRB- the abuse -RRB- is happening again . I need to take pills to sleep , ' she said .  She was one of
Prosecutors say James Holmes , 27 , was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training .  But evidence shows months before the shooting he was preparing for violence .  Holmes told a classmate he wanted to kill people , had fallen out of favor with his professors , and stopped seeing his psychiatrist .  Also stockpiled weapons , ammunition , tear gas grenades and riot gear .  Also rigged his apartment to become
Streaming music service Spotify believes it has identified average age of midlife crisis .  Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists .  They are now favouring today 's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith .  Findings come from a study conducted by Ajay Kalia , who oversees Spotify 's ` taste profiles ' product .
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City .  Striker lasted just over 10 minutes before being substituted .  Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa 's fitness .
SNP leader insists she will call the shots in the event of a hung parliament .  She will use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for next five years .  Sturgeon has made clear she would act to ` lock ' Tories out of power .  Both sides have ruled out a formal coalition , and Ed Miliband said he had ` made it clear we '
Bob Shannon helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko .  The Manchester-based trainer 's stable includes Hatton 's brother , Matthew .  Shannon has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 .
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has won five trophies so far this season .  Courtois impressed for Genk , Atletico Madrid and Chelsea .  The Belgium international has displaced club great Petr Cech as number one .  The 22-year-old won La Liga , the Copa del Rey and the Europa League .  He also won the Champions League with Chelsea last season .  Chelsea are seven points clear of Arsenal at
Shanna McCormick , 31 , feared she would not live to see her wedding day .  At 5ft 6ins , Miss McCormick 's life was in constant danger .  She was in and out of hospital , suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks .  Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down .  She lost 16.5 st in two years and dropped 18
Cui Hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers .  She was knocked over by a 38-year-old Canadian tourist on April 8 .  The tourist , identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin , has agreed to pay # 63,000 in compensation .
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .  But the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '  Waterloo 200 chairman , Major General Sir Evelyn Webb-Carter , defended the ` no triumphalism ' theme .
Joanna Flynn , 50 , has been charged with manslaughter and criminal negligence causing death .  She allegedly turned off a patient 's life support without permission .  The former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario , Canada .  It is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been arrested in Canada .  Deanna Leblanc , 39 , died at the hospital on March
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran set to face firing squad .  Indonesian President Joko Widodo confirmed execution is ` only a matter of time '  The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency .  Three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals .
Claudia Alende , 21 , came second in last year 's Miss BumBum beauty pageant .  Miss Carvalho , 23 , posted the racy picture on Instagram on Good Friday .  The image was accompanied with a prayer saying : ` Good Friday . Lord , on this day I ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength '  But her followers accused the 21-year-old of disrespect and religious
The British-born fashion designer , who turned 39 on Tuesday , shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her .  ` Thank you for my beautiful flowers ! ! ! # wonderfulhusband # birthday , ' she wrote alongside the photo .  It comes four days after her husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22
Michelle Heale of Tom 's River , New Jersey was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child in the death of 14-month-old Mason Hess .  She was babysitting the boy when he began choking on his applesauce and when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped .  The mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just
Group of yobs were flying from Glasgow to Alicante on a Jet2 flight .  Witnesses said the group drank heavily and abused fellow passengers .  One passenger said : ` It was the most horrendous flight I ' ve ever been on `  Spanish police were called to escort one of the party , a man in his thirties , off the aircraft .  The group , who were shirtless
Today 's nominee is Petra Wetzel , 40 , a divorcee who lives in Glasgow .  She set up her own business , the WEST brewery , in 2006 .  Petra 's flagship beer , St Mungo lager , is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose .  And later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow .
Navinder Singh Sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades .  Prosecutors believe Sarao used special computer software to manipulate market .  He allegedly triggered -- from his home computer in Hounslow , London -- the Wall Street ` Flash Crash ' of May 2010 , in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices .  On May 6,2010 , the US
Manny Pacquiao is set to take on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night .  The 36-year-old has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so .  But it 's been a tough road to the top for the Filipino boxer from being born into poverty in the Philippines .  He spent his early career fighting
While on a date it is considered rude to leave your phone on the table .  Do n't be tempted to take a snap of your food for instagram-it will look like you ` re more interested in your followers than your date .  Keep your relationship status on Facebook if the date 's gone well is a sure-fire way to scare off your date .  If it goes really
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future-diesel made from water and carbon dioxide .  Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ` blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel .  Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels , or used as a fuel in its own right
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ` shut the f * * * up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear .  The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ` hysterical ' state she was unable to talk .  Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese .  A recent survey by the British Heart Foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV .  Despite regulation , children in the UK are still being exposed to more TV advertising for unhealthy than healthy food items .  Seven in ten
King Felipe and Queen Letizia arrived at the University of Alcala de Henares .  They were present for the Cervantes Prize for Literature .  Juan-Carlos had a decade-long affair with a German socialite , according to a new book .  It also claimed that he contemplated divorcing Felipe 's mother , Queen Sofia .  The 47-year-old monarch 's father was pictured enjoying freebies in Botswana in 2012 .  He was
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton , Washington , on March 28 .  The Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page .  It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam .  The wording above the cartoon reads : ` Since Kaden is an angel , then ... ' while `
Dr Barbara Kubicka has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line .  The Nefertiti lift is aptly named after the Egyptian queen famous for her very defined jaw line .  She says that ` while the whole world expects it 's wrinkles that age you , it 'll actually your face that 's making you look
Wasps face Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership on May 9 .  England lock Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October with a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck .  The 24-year-old 's potential return would be his debut at the club 's new home at the Ricoh Arena .  Launchbury 's absence has spanned nine missed Tests for England , comprising of the entire autumn
Charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from insurers .  They were asked to provide airline letter confirming the cancellation .  But easyJet told hard-hit passengers to pay a # 10 fee for proof .  There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month .  EasyJet is France 's second-largest airline and cancelled 588 flights .  It launched ` rescue flights ' to repatriate
Richard Rogers , a Hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II , aka Liholiho , the second king of Hawaii .  ` We found gold , silver , Hawaiian poi pounders , gemstones , a boat whistle , knives , forks , mica , things from all over the world , high-and low-end
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday night .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic will face Lionel Messi at the Nou Camp on Tuesday .  The 33-year-old was suspended for the first leg after being sent off against Chelsea .  The Swede has played for Ajax , Juventus , Barcelona and Milan .  He has previously called France a 's * * t country ` and had to apologise
The crash occurred about 8am Wednesday in Lewiston , Idaho , at a drop called Bryden Canyon .  The driver of the truck involved , Matthew Sitko , 23 , drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence .  The man , a passer-by , grabbed a nearby rock and smashed Sitko 's window , before pulling him from the car .  Sitko
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a # 4.5 million deal .  The Gunners are confident of completing a deal for the 16-year-old .  The Argentine wonderkid has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi .
Britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness .  Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings .  Britain came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance , putting us outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people .  Britain also got low placings for lack of
The 26th Hillsborough memorial service was held at Anfield on Wednesday .  Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 balloons in memory of 96 Liverpool fans who died at the disaster 26 years ago .  An inquest into the tragedy is ongoing and Margaret Aspinall , chair of the Hillsborough Families Support Group , said : ` There is still a job to be done '  Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers
Mohammed Emwazi , now known as Jihadi John , was planning to join al-Shabaab in Africa .  He changed his mind after two of his friends were killed , it has been reported .  The British jihadi , originally from London , then travelled to Syria to join ISIS .  He became obsessed with the fighting in Somalia , according to a 29-year-old Syrian .  Bilal al-Berjawi and Mohammed Sakr
Luigi Costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home in Red Hill , Canberra in July 2012 .  Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the attack .  Prosecutor Shane Drumgold suggested that Costa feigned his failing
Unidentified restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist in Shandong , China .  She let him in when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet .  Restaurant owner used her martial arts skills to pin him to the ground .  He tried to grab her-but she used her self-defence skills to overpower him .  She then fled the restaurant but he tried to attack her again-only for
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy , 40 miles north of Astana .  It shows a 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over the sky .  It hovers in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  It has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .  Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night .  Jason Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for Alan Pardew 's side .  Puncheon appeared to be struck by a flying object during the second half .  The 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner when he was hit .
When a heavy night of drinking , your immune system is under oxidative stress .  This process can also happen after smoking , breathing in pollution and even sunbathing .  For the first time , researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E , found in foods such as kale and almonds , can mitigate the stress on immune cells .  If the immune cells lack repair enzyme Gpx4
Heidi Bretscher , 28 , said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she , and the two cyclists who were accompanying her , missed an unmarked turn .  She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that was n't even on the course .  Despite her unscheduled detour , she was brought back on track by a couple of helpful cops
Elena Klimova , 26 , is a Russian activist for the LGBT community .  She runs a support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination .  She regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers .  The activist fought back by posting the messages on VKontakte , the Russian version of Facebook , under the title : ` Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me
Chancey Luna , 17 , was found guilty of first-degree murder in the August 2013 shooting death of Australian college baseball player Christopher Lane .  Lane was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan , Oklahoma .  The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole .  Luna did not testify and the defense called just one witness , Luna 's
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals .  Defender Ricardo Rodriguez scored a penalty in the 72nd minute .  Kevin de Bruyne and Andre Schurrle missed many good chances .  Holders Bayern Munich play Bayer Leverkusen in the final four .
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby .  Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in first-half stoppage time .  It was the Black Cats ` third win of the season at the Stadium of Light .  John Carver admitted he was ` em barrassed ' by Newcastle 's capitulation .  Magpies boss said : ` If we 'd have got to half-time at 0-0 , I actually would
Geologist Dr Zheng-Xiang Li travelled to Nepal to study the collision of the Indian and Eurasian plates .  The Indian plate is continuing to move North at a few centimetres per year-causing tectonic activity .  But other continents are also moving towards each other .  They are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia in 50 to 200 million years .  In 2012 a study suggested this may be
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford .  The 29-year-old worked in the A & E department between 2011 and 2013 .  He was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children , outraging public decency and voyeurism .  In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital .  But the hospital did n't report it
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren , great-grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago .  Among the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force .  Black and white photos show the servicemen on
Chloe Valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012 .  Her mother , Ashlee Polkinghorne , and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect .  In a scathing verdict , the coroner found social workers ` flagrantly disregarded ' their legal responsibilities to
Mark Lowe , 32 , from Skelmersdale , Lancashire , is serving a five-year sentence .  He beat and kicked his brother Wayne , then 33 , to death after he tried to stab him .  Mark 's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone .  She said : ` -LSB- Mark -RSB- will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he
Robert Penny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder nearly 24 years ago .  Margaret Penny was murdered in a hair salon in Portland , Victoria on May 3,1991 .  Also brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers was Claire Acocks .  Penny called his late-wife 's sister , Ann Bryden , to further plead his innocence a day after facing court .  He called and
Willa Junior , a baggage handler at Seattle-Tacoma Airport , woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him and then he called 911-but his call cut out after just 44 seconds .  The airport worker , who appears to be in his early 20s , would n't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice
Scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome .  Sky and BT Sports pay # 16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football .  The BBC puts in an estimated # 3m for Sportscene highlights and radio commentary .  Celtic have played just four home league games at 3pm on a Saturday all season .  Hibernian and Falkirk fans will be asked to travel
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open .  Nadal has won the title nine times and has only ever lost one match at Roland Garros .  The 17-time Grand Slam champion takes on Marsel Ilhan or Jarkko Nieminen in his opening match .
Workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout .  Strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout .  CGT said 90 per cent of staff at Paris 's Eiffel Tower had voted to strike .  Signs were placed at the foot of the tower warning that the landmark was closed .  There are an average 25,000 ascents at the
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton , 550km west of Sydney , on Easter Sunday .  She was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday .  Family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the teacher .  Ms Scott 's last social media post shows her dressed in a veil and a
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Great Eccleston .  Collision was captured on film as Mr Kay had fitted a camera to his dashboard .  He revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash .  The 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder .  Mr Kay has now taken
Photos show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear , named Stephen , in a forest outside Moscow .  Organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting .  But in one picture , a model was seen wearing a fur coat as she hugged the giant animal .  Stephen , the 18-year-old , 2.2 metre tall bear
Hengshui No . 2 Middle School is an ` exemplary school ' in central China .  Two pupils have plunged to death since last October , causing public outcry .  Pictures of the school 's new balcony fence first appeared last week on Weibo .
Carl Froch has expressed a desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr in Las Vegas .  The former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara .  Chavez instead took on the Polish fighter in a light-heavyweight bout .
Floyd Mayweather 's fight with Manny Pacquiao will cost US viewers up to $ 100 -LRB- # 67.48 -RRB- .  The fight will set viewers back $ 89.95 -LRB- # 60.70 -RRB- .  HBO and Showtime confirmed the recommended prices .  The fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $ 152million .  It will be shown on Sky Box Office at a cost of # 19.95 .
Ellie Grant , 22 , was appearing on ITV 's This Morning to discuss condition .  Discussed how she had developed Tourette 's syndrome and found love with fiance Jordan .  But in the middle of pre-recorded interview , Miss Grant blurted out ` silver fox ' at Phillip .  Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two , who smiled , but looked bemused .  Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers ` first bridal wear lingerie .  The underwear and loungewear collection is priced between # 14 and # 85 .  Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD .  Emma is the bombshell girlfriend of Made in Chelsea 's Ollie Proudlock .
The made-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag comes embellished with rubies .  The rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store .  With the same amount of money that the handbag costs , you could splash out on an Aston Martin DB9 Volante .  Kim Kardashian and Heidi Klum do n't own the exact same bag .  Hermés is known for its immaculate finish
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry .  The incident occurred during Dagenham 's 1-0 win at Stevenage last month .  The 24-year-old was charged with violent conduct by the FA last month .  He was banned for 10 matches and fined # 2,000 for biting Chesterfield 's Ollie Banks while playing for Torquay .
A guard at the U.S. . Census Bureau headquarters in Suitland , Maryland , was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday .  Authorities locked down the campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside after ramming the front gates .  The shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. .  Police believe the suspect
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series in the West Indies .  Outgoing Yorkshire chairman Colin Graves declared the hosts ` mediocre '  West Indies hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in Antigua last week .  The prospect of a similar deck in Grenada means fulfilling Graves ` expectations could be a tough task .  Bell scored a magnificent hundred in the first
Hein Verbruggen has written to all UCI board members saying he has put the ` scandalously biased ' report into the hands of lawyers .  He also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency .
Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 ` deforestation fronts ' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses could occur by 2030 .  The fronts are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers .  Unsustainable logging and wood fuel collection is also causing forest degradation .  mining , construction of hydroelectric dams and other projects cause
Jacob Tomsky , author of Heads in Beds : A Reckless Memoir of Hotels , Hustles , and So-Called Hospitality , reveals the most common items people take from hotels .  The hotel industry insider tells MailOnline Travel that toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket .  Despite common misconceptions , it is possible to pocket a plush robe-without incurring any charges .  `
UFC women 's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey appeared with Fast and Furious 7 co-star The Rock at WrestleMania 31 on March 29 .  She was a hot with fans at the event but her focus is on her fight against Bethe Correia in Brazil .  The UFC star said : ` I need to find a way -LRB- to return -RRB- , but I have a lot of stuff going
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's Instagram feed .  Users can now venture out to the app for a look at the full library .  Firm has also used Facebook to boost its ` mutual friends ' feature .  Firm says it will not let other visitors know it was part of a dating profile .  Tinder has also rolled out ` Tinder Plus
Dr Sahar Hussain , 53 , attacked two Tube workers at Leicester Square station .  She panicked when she was unable to get through the gates and started ranting at staff .  Hussain , originally from Iraq , shouted : ` I ' m a doctor actually , I work for the NHS ... Get me through the gate `  She denied assaulting the two workers , saying she was
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish Group Five with 100 per cent winning record .  Rodolfo Arruabarrena 's side will now face rivals River Plate in the last-16 .  River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over Bolivian side San Jose .
Edinson Cavani 's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility .  Manchester United are monitoring the Uruguayan striker 's situation at Paris Saint-Germain .  The 28-year-old was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend .  Unitedavani is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the French capital .
Dark . Cyanide , 18 , climbs up some of the city 's tallest buildings , without ropes or harnesses , before sitting on precarious ledges .  Many of the 18-year-old 's vertigo-inducing images , which include some shot 72 storeys above street level , show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below .  He says security guards often stop him from scaling the buildings ,
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province .  He was an Iraqi military commander and was vice chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council .  He was one of Saddam Hussein 's most trusted henchmen , helping to lead his bloodless coup in 1968 .  He was ranked sixth on the US military 's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis after offensive to overthrow Saddam
Nicky Buckley 's new memoir , ` Nicky Buckley : A Memoir , ' was released on Friday .  The Australian meteorologist stayed on air throughout her nine-month pregnancy .  The 49-year-old remained on air for the rest of her pregnancy .  In 1997 , she became the first woman to appear on The Sale of the Century .  She remained on the air despite her bump on TV .
David Alaba posted a video on Instagram of his knee ligament damage .  Alaba had his cast signed by all his team-mates who arrived in Portugal on Monday .  Pep Guardiola 's side face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday .
Fenerbahce 's team bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport .  The attack followed Fener 's 5-1 win away to Caykur Rizespor in Turkey 's Super Lig .  Sports minister Akif Cagatay Kilic said the attack was ` cowardly and treacherous '
Discount chain now has bigger market share than upmarket supermarket Waitrose .  It now lags behind only the ` big four ' - Tesco , Asda , Sainsbury 's , Morrisons and the Co-operative .  Aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6 per cent to 5.3 per cent in the past three months .  Waitrose has 5.1 per cent of the market , up from 5 per cent .
World No 5 Caroline Wozniacki was invited to The White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll .  The Danish ace played tennis with US President Barack Obama .  The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live ! with Kelly and Michael .
Glenn Murray put Crystal Palace 1-0 up against Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night .  The Crystal Palace striker now has the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe 's top five leagues .  Murray 's success comes from his cunning , a nous to win duels and subtly influence referees no doubt enhanced by years playing at the lower levels .  Murray has played in non-league for Rochdale ,
Rickie Fowler 's girlfriend , bikini model Alexis Randock , posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week .  An abusive commenter called ` fatalsplash ' accused Alexis of being a ` gold digger '  ` Must be nice getting s * * * free in life and not have to work for it , ' he said .  ` I
A filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with a tower .  The basket , carrying three people , plummets to the ground in Russia .  The instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises .  The horrifying incident took place in the sky over Russia 's Dmitrov district .
The 76-sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds , near Godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from Norway .  Its ideal location means it is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere .  For the same amount , buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood .
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break .  300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point went to the toilet .  Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .  Some runners were ` in tears ' while one described
Maurice Thibaux , 67 , stormed onto the catwalk at Sydney 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night .  He claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet taking off over your head `  The French native , who lives next door to the Carriageworks , said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it .  The 67-year-old said he was `
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland 's speed-camera laws .  Mr Morris says he was n't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km / h in a 50k / h zone last year .  He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 , arguing it 's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there 's evidence he was not the driver
Miranda Devine has apologised for calling David Pocock a ` tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language .  Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team , the Brumbies , on Friday night .  Devine tweeted : ` Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ? ! ! ! What a tosser ! '  Pocock responded to Devine that she 'd
The Ashbrittle Yew , in Somerset , has a girth of 38ft and vast canopy .  Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves .
Teresa Swarbrick , known as Etch , died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW .  The mother of two , from Western Sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water .  Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR .  Her husband Alan posted on her Facebook
Authorities near Flagstaff , Arizona , have found fleas infected with plague .  The plague is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents .  The plague , which killed millions of Europeans in the 1300s , causes pustules on the skin and is still contracted by 2,000 people a year .  The last plague epidemic in the United States was in Los Angeles between 1924 and 1925 .
Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20 .  The Liverpool super-middleweight is set to fight in Oakland , California .  Ward 's WBA world title is unlikely to be on the line .  The fight will run over the 12-round distance .
Olavsvern Naval Base in Norway has been closed since 2009 .  Three Russian ships spent the winter docked deep inside the mountain hideaway .  It was originally shut because the country 's leaders thought the threat from Moscow was reduced , despite its massive Northern Fleet which is base in the nearby Kola Peninsula .  In February , a passenger plane had to be diverted to avoid two Russian bombers
Sydney 's Dan Churchill appeared on Good Morning America -LRB- GMA -RRB- on Tuesday .  He appeared as a guest star alongside Gossip Girl glamazon Blake Lively .  The pair were promoting his cook book ` Dude Food ' in New York .  The 25-year-old revealed to MailOnline that he was representing a lot of fellas throughout the world .  He also revealed that he had a crush on husband
Scottish punter placed # 2,000 betr on a new princess with Ladbrokes .  The majority of punters are convinced that the Duchess will give birth to a girl .  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have not been seen since March .  The baby 's five-times great grandmother Queen Victoria is the current front runner for a princess .  Princess Alice Maud Marie , 37 , will follow her 68-year-old
Manny Pacquiao appeared in an advert for Foot Locker in November .  The Filipino joked about fighting Floyd Mayweather before the fight was signed .  The 41-second advert was released before an agreement was reached .  Tickets for the highly-anticipated fight sold out within 60 seconds .
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O ` Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles .  The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water .  Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave
The Cleveland ` house of horrors ' survivors have written a book , Hope : A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland , which will be released on April 27 .  Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of Ariel Castro , a man who lived close to their homes in Ohio .  Castro lured them into his house with
Former Top Gear presenter was guest of honour at charity auction in Chipping Norton .  He said : ` In the olden days when I used to work for BBC , I could n't say s * * * - but I am not , so I will say sc * * '  He also joked he was ` trawling the job centre ' for a hosting job .  It
Vincent Kompany , Gael Clichy , Lucy Bronze and Emma Lipman helped put the finishing touches to the 64metre mural .  The mural was unveiled at the club 's Academy Stadium on Wednesday .  It was inspired by young City fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives .  The Premier League champions recently invested # 400,000 into a charitable programme
Two month-old jaguars were born March 11 at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg .  The cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock .  The two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg .
Boris Majnaric , 75 , of South Jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds-five times over the legal limit .  Neighbors noticed an explosion of pigeons and complained to the city about the birds ` dropping things ' on their property .  Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess
Abby Swinfield , 18 , was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30 .  Mother-of-one was partying with friends at a house party in Tamworth .  She was taken to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield , West Midlands , where she died .  She was placed in a coma , but died a week later from multiple organ failure .  Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl
Supermarket giant forced to recall Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0 + Months .  Complaint said teat had detached from hard casing of one of the dummies .  Asda has now been asked to return them for a full refund .
Extra seat will be added to each row of the Airbus A380 in the middle section of the cabin .  The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers , Zodiac and Geven , have agreed to deliver the seats .  From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed .  A fourth class will be introduced in response to the
Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is one of the best in the Algarve for a family holiday .  Adventurer , author , broadcaster and writer Ben Fogle is a regular at the high-end resort .  The resort , which opened in 2010 , is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach .  For larger families , there is the villa option -- 23
President Milos Zeman has been criticised by U.S. . Ambassador Andrew Schapiro .  He was criticised over his plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow .  Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said the reaction was ` not adequate '  Analyst said Zeman 's rhetoric will harm Czech-U . S . relations .
Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean 's second Quantum-class liner .  The 4,180-passenger ship set sail on its maiden voyage last week .  Ship 's 375 staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies .  indoor SeaPlex activity area has bumper cars , a roller disco and circus school .  RipCord by iFLY-a vertical wind tunnel for skydiving at sea .  Anthem of The Seas will remain on this
Kathleen Bailey , 70 , was given power of attorney over dying friend 's finances .  She later became a carer for her dying friend , who was battling breast cancer .  But she helped herself to at least # 1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales .  Bailey , from Ramsbottom , Greater Manchester , was handed suspended jail sentence .  Court heard she `
Emergency move came after premature reports that flames had been put out .  500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk .  The submarine 's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire .
Michael Slager , a police officer in North Charleston , South Carolina , is charged with murder .  He is accused of shooting a 50-year-old father of four Walter Scott in the back .  Prosecutors say he is not eligible for the death penalty even if he is convicted of murder .  The shooting did n't include a list of ` aggravating circumstances ' which state law says are conditions
Victoria 's Secret caused a backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan .  More than 27,000 people signed Change . com petition asking for apology .  US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advert .  Curvy Kate campaign recreates the notorious image using models of all shapes and sizes .  The D + label says its image is ` em powering ' , especially with the call for real models
Quake struck 81 kilometres -LRB- 50 miles -RRB- northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT .  Earthquakes of similar magnitude can have bigger effects on different parts of the globe because of the manner of building construction and population density .  One registered 6.9 on the Richter Scale and is feared to have triggered yet more avalanches on Everest .  Experts claim the country 's shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards
Floyd Mayweather splashed out on a Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection of sports cars .  The 38-year-old boxer posted a video on Instagram showing off the latest item .  The American takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The fight has been billed as the most anticipated fight in years .  The American is expected to get # 120million for the fight .  Maywether 's collection
Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours .  FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` Orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories , and ` Mazen ' , because ` it was ' mazen ` -LRB- amazing -RRB- when the
Lewis Hamilton 's younger brother Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy .  He is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship , starting in June .  The 30-year-old Briton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg in the Gulf Kingdom .  Hamilton said : ` He 's got very big fists . If he caught you with a punch , you 'd
Tulip Siddiq , a former aide to Ed Miliband , is standing for Labour in Hampstead .  She was at the Kremlin with her aunt , the hardline leader of Bangladesh .  She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina , the Prime Minister of Bangladesh .
Takako Konishi , 28 , travelled half-way across the world to try and find $ 1m cash .  She was found dead in the frozen wastes of Minnesota just days after arriving .  According to the new film Kumiko , the Treasure Hunter , she believed the film Fargo was real .  She froze to death searching for the suitcase of cash buried by Steve Buscemi 's character in the
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life .  But astronomers say ` rogue ' , sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials .  This is according to an astrophysicist from Bordeaux , France .  He says : ` To have any chance of life -- at least life like our own -- a free-floating Earth would need liquid
Xana Doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis , which flipped and landed on its roof .  Driver Sakhawat Ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink-drive limit .  He had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel .  Miss Doyle suffered a ` blunt head injury ' and was pronounced dead at the scene .  Ali admitted causing
Johanna Powell , 37 , was sailing on a cruise boat along the Mekong river in Laos .  She was travelling with three friends when it hit a rock in a stretch of rapids .  The crew , tour guide and other passengers-including her friends-all swam to safety .  The 37-year-old , from Cardiff , disappeared in the strong current .  Emergency services in Laos have recovered a body in
Labour leader said a second independence poll ` ai n't going to happen '  Mr Miliband 's intervention came as former PM John Major said SNP was ` waiting for a good excuse ' to put separation back on agenda .  William Hague added SNP could be ` calling the tune ' if Labour became PM .  He said this would mean : ` The people who want to break
Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered inquiry into claims leaked memo shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win .  Row follows allegation she told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she would prefer a Tory General Election victory .  It comes after she claimed she was the victim of Whitehall ` dirty tricks '  Row follows claims she told diplomat ` she would n't want a formal coalition with Labour '
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during Manchester United 's defeat by Everton .  The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages of the game .  Louis van Gaal says it was too early to know the extent of the injury .  United suffered back-to-back league defeats for the first time since Van Gaal took over .  The defeat leaves United fourth in the race
Charlie Austin has scored 15 goals in the Premier League so far this season .  The striker and club captain Joey Barton have become good friends .  QPR face West Brom on Saturday before travelling to Aston Villa on Tuesday .  Austin is being touted as a possible England debutant in the future .  The 25-year-old says the club ca n't afford to lose their next two games .
Courtney Brain , 16 , was taken out of school when she visited her GP for treatment .  Skegness Academy in Lincolnshire said detention was to give her best chance possible .  She was told she must make up missed time for ` unauthorised absence '
Connor Sullivan , 17 , of Cupertino , California , disappeared from his first period at Monta Vista High School on Monday .  Police and 250 volunteers had searched for him at his school and in the surrounding neighborhood .  He reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at his high school , which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces .  His parents said that the hardworking track athlete
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition .  She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate .  Progeria takes its name from the Greek word ` proeros ' , meaning prematurely old .  It involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing .  There are around 74
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim .  Northwestern University in the US found that kindergarten children who shared the devices significantly outscored their peers .  Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users .  The findings come after the general
Jose Mourinho prepared his players to deal with threat of Manchester United 's Marouane Fellaini .  But Chelsea boss was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing .  The Blues beat Everton 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to move within two wins of the Premier League title .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
The Queen 's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard .  He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle .  Embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened .
Joey Barton captained Queens Park Rangers to a 4-1 away win against West Brom .  The midfielder believes his side have a ` hell of a chance ' of staying up .  Chris Ramsey 's side are still in the Premier League drop zone .  QPR travel to Aston Villa on Tuesday with a better goal difference .
Marland Yarde scored crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop .  The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn .  He was overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations .  Harlequins moved 18-11 clear through a Charlie Sharples try with half an hour remaining .  Quins centre Aseli Tikoirotuma put in a strong fend on Gloucester lock James Hudson .
Mohamed Soltan , 27 , was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi in a 2013 coup .  The American-Egyptian citizen grew up in Michigan , Missouri and Ohio .  He moved to Egypt in 2012 to be near his mother during cancer treatments .  The young man has been on a hunger strike
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA , researchers say .  Idea to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat .  Could date back to early human evolution in Africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago .
Amie Cox , 33 , of Victoria , has openly admitted she prefers her younger son Alex , 5 , over her older boy William , 7 .  The mother of two says the bond with Alex 's scent began from the first moment she held him after giving birth and that for the first six to 12 months she did n't want anyone else to touch him or `
Vietnamese woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to weigh it .  Nguyen Thi Hang , 35 , placed her luggage on the scales and lashed out .  She then hit an airport worker in the face and fined VND7 . 5 million .
Catholic Church figures show number of women becoming nuns has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .  She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm .  The 33-year-old pleaded guilty after the crown declined to downgrade the charge .  The Irish tourist was accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument in Sydney 's inner-city on January 3 .  The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible
Manchester City were beaten 2-1 by Crystal Palace on Monday .  The champions have a ` mentality problem ' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles .  The former Manchester United and England defender was on Monday Night Football with Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Trevor Noah was spotted at Citi Field with Jerry Seinfeld , Larry David and Matthew Broadrick on Monday .  The quartet were all present as the New York Mets took on the Philadelphia Phillies during Opening Day .  Noah 's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion .  The 31-year-old was named
Flashgap is free for iOS and Android devices and was created by Julian Kabab .  Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event .  All attendees of the event can see the album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves .  The app was inspired by the end credits
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa beat QPR 3-3 on Tuesday night .  The move moved Belgium above France -LRB- 46 -RRB- and within 19 of second-placed Spain -LRB- 67 -RRB- .  Eden Hazard has scored 12 goals for Chelsea , with Nacer Chadli and Romelu Lukaku also on target .  Harry Kane has scored 19 goals for Tottenham so far this season .  Charlie Austin scored the
San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 .  Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points in a play-off career high 32 points .  Houston Rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with victory in Dallas .  Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 3-0 at Staples Center on Friday .  Dallas Mavericks beat Washington Wizards 3-1 in Sunday 's game .  Clipper 's
Governor Andrew Cuomo issued state health alert for New York .  160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .  Cannabinoid , also known as ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is commonly abused by teenagers .  It is typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .  Symptoms range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches .  Spcie is a mix of herbs sprayed with
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria to meet farmers and charity staff .  He was inspecting a photo exhibition called Herdwick : A Portrait of a Lakeland .  Many of the photos feature herdwick sheep , a breed native to Cumbria .  The Prince is grandfather to 20-month-old Prince George and has another grandchild on the way .  He bent down to coo over one-year-old
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .  The Mexican is wanted by a host of Premier League clubs including West Ham and Swansea .  Hernandez will leave Real Madrid at the end of the season and return to Manchester United .  The 26-year-old will only have one year left on his contract at the Old Trafford club .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real
Chef Sam Longhurst , head chef of Splendid Kitchen , Manchester , created the mega meal .  It contains two beef burgers weighing 220g , a layer of homemade bacon jam , 100g of ham chunks and a 150g whole battered and fried chicken thigh .  Added to that is 80g of barbequed pulled pork and four rashers of bacon all sandwiched between two brioche buns .  Chef said :
Randy Lerner missed Aston Villa 's 2-1 FA Cup win over Liverpool .  The American owner missed the game because of a family bereavement .  Aston Villa chief executive Tom Fox said he was ` ecstatic ' at the result .  Fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club .  Lerner was commercial director at the club until last summer .
Planners in Windsor have allowed two Costa shops less than 500 yards apart .  Latest Costa will open on the site of the former HSBC branch .  It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart .
Fiona Cullum , 25 , provided safe haven for Hassan Hussain and Yassin James .  They gunned down innocent nursery teacher Sabrina Moss in street in Kilburn .  The 25-year-old sheltered Hussain and James ` hours after the murder '  She then lied to police when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested in 2013 .  Miss Moss ` friend Sabrina Gachette , then 24 , was lucky to survive
Andrew O ` Clee , 36 , was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy .  He led a double life , duping his first wife Michelle , 39 , into thinking he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a ` safe house ' because he was involved in a serious fraud trial .  In reality , the former soldier was romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell
Mary Kay Letourneau , then a 34-year-old married mother of four , pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student , which resulted in two pregnancies .  Her daughter , Audrey , was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998 .  Fualaau was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student .  The couple 's
Sergeant Edwin Mee , 46 , accused of raping and molesting 11 young women .  Alleged victims , who were desperate for jobs , were unaware of their rights , court heard .  One of the women , a virgin in her early 20s , fell pregnant after Mee raped her .  Another 18-year-old from Sierra Leone also claimed he raped her after saying he could help her get a
Sara Errani defeated Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 -LRB- 8 / 6 -RRB- 6-4 on Wednesday .  World No 9 follows Ana Ivanovic out of the tournament after losing to Caroline Garcia .  Angelique Kerber defeated Alexa Glatch 6-2 7-5 to reach second round .
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials .  His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 .  Zoo veterinarian Jim Storms said in a release on the zoo 's website that Rama 's 2013 tuberculosis diagnosis did not play a role .  The elephant 's 32nd birthday would have taken place on Wednesday .  Courtney
France recently passed a law banning models from walking the catwalk if their body mass index is too low , in an attempt to combat anorexia .  Former model Jennifer Sky , 38 , from Brooklyn , New York , has revealed in an op-ed that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations .  She said that thin models are now resorting to wearing Spanx underwear
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix , Arizona , was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs .  While on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .  ` I said , `` What ? Is that the fire ? ! '' ' the adorable tot
Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton , Maine , on Monday with prohibited use of computer .  The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact .  Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net only to see linesman flagged offside .  Replays clearly showed that Leandro Bacuna was playing onside .  The Italian slid the ball past Shay Given before realising his effort would n't count .  Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers admitted he was left frustrated by the assistant referee 's decision
China 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone .  They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia , Singapore , Italy , Germany , Poland , Ireland , Britain , Canada and Yemen .  Russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects , including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital , Sanaa .  It came the same
New TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro -LRB- 230PS -RRB- is fun to drive with lively acceleration .  It takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 .
Suzanne Adams ` son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy .  Hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour .  Midwives either ignored or could not interpret the CTG trace correctly .  James , now 12 , cannot speak , dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair .  He will be dependent on others to enable him to perform routine
Harold Henthorn , 59 , was charged with the murder of Toni Bertolet , 51 , last November .  Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife , Lynn Rishell , some 20 years earlier .  He was the sole beneficiary of the women 's life insurance policies totalling $ 500,000 in the case of first wife and $ 4.5 million in his second .
Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season .  John Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well .  Dame N ` Doye was the star and could have had a hatful but I love the way he took his second .  If Manuel Pellegrini 's fate will be one of the toughest choices Man City 's owners have
Janek Zylinski posted challenge online after declaring he had ` had enough ' of Ukip leader .  He said : ` I 'd like us to meet in Hyde Park with our swords , and resolve this matter '  Prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat would do .  Says it is what a self-respected 18th Century English gentleman would do .  But
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport .  The Airbus A320 's right side landing gear was damaged on a first landing .  It is believed the right side of the right-hand wing of the plane was damaged .  There are no reports of injuries from the 97 passengers on board .  Television images showed firefighters approaching the plane at the airport and putting out
Baby Malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30 pm Thursday .  Police said the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire , then drove off , but police did not give details on the possible conflict between the people in both vehicles .  The
Undersheriff Tim Albin , of the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office in Oklahoma , quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates , 73 .  Bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead Eric Harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground .  Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident ,
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs .  The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company 's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations .  The Los Angeles-based company cares for more than 400,000 patients in
Tonny Vilhena wants to leave Feyenoord this summer .  Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January .  Koeman is also monitoring his team-mate Jordy Clasie .  Koeman also looking to make Eljero Elia 's loan move permanent .
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation at the bottom of the River Avon in Bath .  They have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed as well as six vehicles , one of which dating back over 40 years .  The clean-up operation is costing # 20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency after hundreds of objects were identified as
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday .  The Portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world .
Milinda Gunasekera , 32 , was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29 .  He was accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill .  The West Australian resident downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets .  He will return to New Zealand in June to be sentenced .
Ed Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists .  But a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table for the Scottish First Minister .  Miss Sturgeon 's comments came days after predecessor Alex Salmond was caught boasting : ` I ' m writing Labour 's Budget `  SNP wants to end Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain 's books by spending an extra
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed after a refereeing error .  The error was caused by German referee Marija Kurtes in the 96th minute of England 's 2-1 ` defeat ' by Norway in their qualifying group .  Kurtes had spotted encroachment by at least one England player and rightly disallowed an indirect
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Jose Mourinho did the same to an in-form Manchester United on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal was left frustrated after his side were beaten by Chelsea .  The Dutchman might just wonder if things could have been different if he had certain individuals fit .  Jose has learned a lot from his mistakes of last season .  CLICK HERE
Bulgarians love their traditional music .  They have a TV channel devoted to it , and one show -- a sort of Bulgaria 's Got Talent for folk acts -- features people of all ages swaying in stately unison .  When asked to include something in the Voyager 2 space probe , they sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares , in the hope that aliens would
Natal 's Dunas Arena is being sold by Grupo OAS .  The company is suffering from cash flow problems following a corruption scandal .  OAS spent # 126 million on rebuilding the old Fonte Nova arena in Salvador .
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth # 100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season .  Brendan Rodgers has criticised the player 's agent , Aidy Ward , after the televised interview Sterling gave last week .  Sterling said he was flattered by Arsenal 's interest in signing him should he leave Liverpool .  Rodgers also revealed that
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses .  When he died , aged 73 , he owned a country estate in Surrey valued at # 4.25 m .  But before he died in 2011 , he and his second wife Penny Ann Davison , 59 , fought a bitter battle over his fortune , before she was awarded just # 750,000 .  A judge
Peter Tarsey and his wife , Jean , both 77 , were found shot dead in Xalo , near Benidorm .  The couple were locked in each other 's arms under a raincoat on their sofa .  They were killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ` terrible cruelty '  ` What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare , ' said one expat
Jeffrey Williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12 , during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson 's police chief .  In a conversation with his girlfriend , Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD on the night of the shooting .  ` Even though I was in the wrong , though ,
It has been reported today that Katie Price still has n't forgiven her cheating husband Kieran Hayler .  It was claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym .  Katie worries that Kieran 's obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction .  Kieran famously cheated on Katie with not one , but two of her best friends , Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas
Bryan Morseman , 29 , of Bath , New York , ran three marathons in eight days last month in hopes of raising money to pay for his nine-month-old son Leeim 's medical bills .  Leeim was born with spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby 's spine does n't form properly .  Since his first 26.2-mile race in 2008 , Morseman
Ana Figueroa , 55 , has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas , 23 , died in a building explosion on New York City 's 2nd Avenue last month .  The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in New York 's East Village were destroyed .  Her Upper East Side family
Jamie Robbins stole # 1,600 from Select ` n ' Save shop in Birmingham .  Case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station .  He pleaded guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article .  He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court .
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million -LRB- # 13.5 million -RRB- .  LinX makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology .  This technology could be added to the next-generation iPhones and iPads .  Rather than capturing a flat 2D image , the technology is able to sense the depth of
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The May mega-fight will take place at the MGM Grand in the Las Vegas area .  Freddie Roach has blasted the elder Sweather and called him a ` terrible cornerman '  But Maywether Snr has refused to respond to Roach 's jabs .  He insists that ` he can say what he wants ' and will
Josh Meekings saw his cup-final ban thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal on Thursday .  Inverness defender was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time .  The Scottish Football Association revealed the reasons given by the chair of the three-man panel .  The decision could effectively blunt the SFA 's powers to bring retrospective cases against players ,
Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton , in the Riverina region of New South Wales , just 13 months ago .  The 24-year-old is accused of murdering local English and drama teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday .  Neighbours say the family were welcomed by the community but Stanford made few connections .  His wife Gail Scanlan said he was a
Wales have reached their highest ever position in the FIFA world rankings .  Chris Coleman 's side beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier .  They have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath 's men in 1993 .  England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in Euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in Italy last month .  Belgium rose to its highest-ever spot
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with the group 's risque calendar and ` behind-the-scenes ' video .  The Army Times saw emails where members of the 19th Special Forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed ` uptight Mormons ' for outrage .  ` On a personal level ... awesome ! Professionally ... Hmmm . '
Curt Almond , 26 , from Bristol , spent at least # 40 a week buying new boxers .  He bought 365 pairs of them-and threw most into the bin after one wear .  When they stayed over , they would wear the same underwear for several days .  In a bid to get over his former partner , Mr Almond started wearing a fresh pair every day .  He
Arsene Wenger will have a heart-to-heart chat with Theo Walcott ahead of Saturday 's clash with Liverpool .  The Arsenal boss says he is concerned by the winger 's confidence .  The 26-year-old has struggled for game time since returning from a long-term lay-off due to a serious knee injury .  Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is injured and Danny Welbeck is a major doubt after sustaining a knee problem on international duty
Donna Hussey , 32 , has been branded a ` bad mum ' by trolls who blame her for death of son Freddie .  Freddie , three , was killed when a trailer crushed him against a wall .  Two-tonne trailer used as a workmen 's cabin came loose from a Land Rover .  Driver Tony Davies , 38 , was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving
Julie Creffield , 37 , was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18 .  She ran a marathon in 2012-and has done numerous races since .  Now through her website , The Fat Girl 's Guide To Running , she 's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability .  A This Morning poll of 1000 women found
Michelle Filkins , 44 , of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property .  She was arrested on April 17 after owner Mark Conklin found her sitting in his summer home in Edgartown .
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields .  He came across a range of mysterious graveyards including a rare Jaguar XK120 , which , if restored , could be worth # 82,000 .  Many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over
The Missouri National Guard was first activated in Ferguson , Missouri , in August after a state of emergency was declared .  It was activated again in November ahead of the decision by a grand jury not to indict officer Darren Wilson over the shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown .  Guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles .  The
Archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls .  They were found at the side of the historic River Walbrook , in London .  Experts are questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony .  20 skulls were found buried in clusters in the sediment of the river in 2013 .  It had been thought they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a
Deborah , 43 , Lanarkshire , described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare '  Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition .  The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from # 250 -LRB- including a cut and blowdry , or from # 195 without -RRB- at Taylor Ferguson , Bath Street , Glasgow -LRB- 0141 332 0397 -RRB- .  Top of the list has
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane , Australia , on Tuesday morning local time .  The couple , who were both wearing their wedding bands , had n't been photographed together in more than two months .  The actor flew back to LA after injuring his right wrist on March 10 and it had been thought he would only be gone for a few weeks .  People
The ` Very Blokey Jokes ' book was displayed in the high street brand 's menswear department and is also available on Amazon .  It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends .  A picture of the offensive joke was first tweeted by media commentator Tim Doble via @ BetterThanToday who was shocked when he noticed the joke in the book .  Shocked
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian '  Miami-based bikini babe has proved a hit on social media .  Fans love photos of her curves , which she says are 100 per cent natural .  Kathy , who works in skincare , says her pictures are ` 100 percent real '
Tony Lopez Lozano , 35 , was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend , Brian Romo .  Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and , on Monday , a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison .  The victim 's mother , Kathleen Tapia , said that ` I do n't forgive you , and I never will '
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion .  Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run .  The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner .  And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .  The research was presented at the Computer-Human Interaction Conference in Seoul .  In this experiment , the quadcopters
England beat West Indies in the second Test at Old Trafford on Saturday .  Alastair Cook 's performance was one of the greatest I have seen from an England cricketer .  Jimmy Anderson did everything right as a bowler , catcher and fielder . It was Botham-esque .  England must be doing something right behind the scenes if one of their players can produce something like that almost out of
Protesters march through the streets of Melbourne on Friday afternoon .  Several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm .  ` Enough is enough-where is the justice for Aboriginal people ? ' a speaker shouted to the crowd .  This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word ` Abor ' was
Jerry A . Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr . Big .  He started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house .  The house is actually a garden-variety ranch houses cobbled together to form a 20,000-plus square foot campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool , ballroom and guesthouse .  It 's a cause for both concern and awe as neighbors wonder how
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford in 2011 .  The last time United won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick .  United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months .  Louis van Gaal 's team have played the same amount of matches this season .  Manuel Pellegrini has branded the
Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal in Arsenal 's 4-1 win over Liverpool .  The Spaniard has emerged as a star player after filling in for Mathieu Debuchy .  Bellerin beat Theo Walcott 's 40m club sprint record last summer .  The 26-year-old set a new record over 40 metres in August .
Stoke City host Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday .  Asmir Begovic has been linked with a summer move to Real Madrid .  The Bosnia international is out of contract at the Britannia Stadium in 2016 .  Mark Hughes has played down reports of the goalkeeper leaving the club .  Hughes is also hopeful Stoke will wrap up the signing of Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi .  The 19-year-old
Facebook removed a trailer for ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio .  It shows two aboriginal women painted in ochre in a traditional ceremony .  The social media site deemed the clip ` potentially offensive nudity '  It had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days .  The show 's co-creator Rachel Clements called the decision ` silly and disrespectful '  ` I just do n't
Alinea , run by Grant Achatz , is Chicago 's only three-Michelin-starred restaurant .  The eatery , which is the brainchild of culinary prodigy , has been voted the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running .  Four American restaurants , including Eleven Madison Park , were in the top ten .  The chef of the year accolade went to Swiss chef Daniel Humm , chef and
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday .  Brendan Rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the game .  The Liverpool boss says they must avoid a repeat of the disappointing first-half display against Manchester United which led to their defeat .  Defeat at third-placed Arsenal would be a huge blow to Liverpool 's hopes of returning to Europe 's elite for a second successive season
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup , Zayla .  She 's then handed another fry-but this time around she decides to break the chunk of potato in half to make it last longer .  Finally Leighton 's mother pops her down on the floor so she can closer to her
Nigel Short said women are not suited to playing chess .  The 49-year-old said women were ` hard-wired very differently '  He was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match .  Critics pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster .
Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve .  The cheeky African elephant has taken a particular liking to the resort 's pool and deck area .  Troublesome likes to dip his trunk into the pools for a drink , but also enjoys having some fun with the humans and has no problem spraying them with water from his trunk .  Staff at the
All Nippon Airways released artists ` impressions of their Dreamliner painted to look like R2-D2 .  The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels .  The words ` Star Wars ' , in the movie 's distinctive font , adorn the body of the plane .  News of the aircraft , which ANA says will ply an international route in the autumn .  Comes
Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face firing squad at midnight on Tuesday .  The pair will be given white clothing to wear , which symbolises the afterlife , before beginning their fatal trek .  They will be lined up anywhere from five to 10 metres in front of them .  A cross is placed over their hearts acting as a target for the 12 riflemen-of which
The protesters mounted Admiralty Arch , which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall , and called for others to join them .  It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on Facebook by the group simply calls for ` Christmas lights ... any and all radical / revolutionary messages '  One of the banners read , ` Respect existence or expect
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute .  The Brazilian midfielder was sent to hospital at half time for checks .  Jose Mourinho said Oscar was taken off due to ` possible concussion '  Didier Drogba replaced Oscar at the break .  Oscar played on for half an hour before being properly assessed .
Three Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in the remote part of the Amazon in 1961 .  One of them , Richard Mason , became the last Englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe , when he was murdered with bows and arrows .  The second , Kit Lambert , went on to manage The Who .  For the third , John Hemming , the trip
Judge Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years-all told .  The Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years .  She reportedly earns $ 47 million a year-the highest paid personality on TV .  But the 72-year-old admitted she just loves working : ` It feels as if it is nice to have a job to go to for the next
The S300 rocket barely manages to take off before plummeting back to earth .  A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon attempts to launch .  Seconds later , the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover .
39 per cent of voters now say they will back Conservatives , to just 33 per cent for Labour .  Comes after Tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes .  Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month -- while Labour has dropped two points .  Lib Dems remain unchanged on 8 per cent -- with Ukip even further behind on 7 per cent .
Liam Byrne , who was Chief Secretary to the Treasury under Gordon Brown , left a memo on his desk after Labour 's election defeat in 2010 .  It said : ` I ' m afraid that there is no money . Kind regards and good luck `  Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply .  Said : ` The deficit halved .
Images of Peter O ` Toole on set of Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria have been released .  In the pictures he can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal .  Director Michael Redwood said : ` Peter was certainly not the type to let illness decide over his career '
Chinese authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China .  They are hoping strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad .  There were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014 , who spent $ 164 billion .
Teacher Karstein Erstad discovered live earthworms in the snow on Sunday .  He thought they had wiggled their way through the snow , but realised it was up to a metre deep in some places .  He said : ` When I found them on the snow they seemed to be dead , but when I put them in my hand I found that they were alive '
The Red Lady 's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria , Spain .  Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago .  When the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material .  This was later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal .  An engraved stone found near her remains appears to have been a makeshift tombstone .
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device .  At the start they seem pretty calm but when carriage tilts back and fires panic sets in .  They let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match .  After bungying up and down for around a minute the slingshot slows down .  To date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat , from Sydney , picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner 's cup of Tetley 's tea .  The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks sipping on tea and eating snacks .  A video of Walter sipping from a cup of tea has garnered over 10,000 views
The 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him and asking them to carry out household duties .  Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence .  He had his licence cancelled in 2013 after a string of complaints , including suggesting to a
At 5ft 7in , Kate Winslet commands an out-of-the-ordinary UK size-nine shoe .  The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4 1 / 2 in 1900 to a roomy six today .  Elle Macpherson , Katie Holmes and Gwyneth Paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet .  Sandra Bullock , Gwynnie and Jerry Hall all have large feet for their height-size 8 .  Hollywood supermodels like
Japanese priest has vowed to crack down on drink driving .  Shinjiro Kumagai is a ` mild mannered ' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple .  He dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 .  Images depict him riding around Kitakyushu in full Kamen Rider gear .  He 's also funded by his church , where the head Buddhist Priest Fukumitsu-also a devout Kamen Rider fan-funds
Pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom .  Two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places .  This will increase to more than half by 2017 / 18 and to three in five by the following year .  LGA said councils have created more than 300,000 primary school places since May 2010 .  Money set
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday .  Alexis Sanchez was courted by a number of top clubs last summer .  Arsene Wenger is delighted that Sanchez decided to join the Gunners .  The Chilean forward has scored 19 goals so far this season .  Wenger has played down speculation linking him with Raheem Sterling .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
The Australian fashion crowd are taking their children to Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week .  Three-year-old Pixie Curtis was the youngest attendee at Toni Maticevski 's show on Tuesday .  The Sweaty Betty founder and director of Roxy Jacenko said she loved watching fashion over Peppa Pig .  Victoria Beckham , Kim Kardashian and David Beckham have all attended .  The Beckhams and Kimye have been front and centre at the catwalk
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister previously indicated he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs .  But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances '
A new Islamic fatwa in Turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper .  The code , known as the Qadaa al-Haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented .  Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible .  Men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit .
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday .  Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United .  The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti 's side .  Barcelona take on Paris Saint-Germain in the second leg on Tuesday night .  Marco Verratti and Zlatan Ibrahimovic are back after missing the first leg .  Juventus take on Monaco in Europe 's
Sheila Elkan lives in house that featured as home of Margo Leadbetter in 1970s TV series .  The 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has lived at the home since 1986 .  She said : ` I think Cameron is the best man to give The Good Life . That 's my personal opinion '  Comments come after PM unveiled his ` Good Life ' manifesto .  He promised he would help deliver `
Amit Yadav , 20 , was driving his Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit .  He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013 .  His two passengers-brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani , 17 , were killed in the collision .  Rayape and Rosette Sellathurai also suffered serious injuries in the crash .  None of the passengers in the Civic were wearing
Heather Hironimus , who filed the complaint late Monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't .  Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward .  She and the boy 's father , Dennis Nebus , have been warring since her pregnancy .  They were
Seven out of 10 business chiefs think Ed Miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for Britain .  Poll of FTSE 100 chairman reveals overwhelming support for Cameron to remain PM .  Comes days after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against Labour government .  Comes after Boots chief executive Stefano Pessina said it would be ` cat messrophe '  One of the bosses said Labour 's Chuka
Raffaele Sollecito pictured shopping for lingerie in Italian capital Rome .  31-year-old spent four years in prison after being found guilty of Meredith Kercher 's murder .  He is said to be looking at compensation for time wrongly spent in prison .  He was seen looking at a # 105,000 BMW at a car dealership in the city .  He was acquitted in late March after a legal process which
The Queen , then aged 86 , is celebrating her 89th birthday today .  Prince William described her as an ` unbelievably good sport '  He said : ` Harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night and the rumour mill was going into overdrive '  The Queen was seen ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics .  Last
U.S. . Attorney Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner on his last day in office that Lois Lerner could wrap herself in the Fifth Amendment .  Lerner led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups ` applications for tax-exempt status .  She insisted on her innocence in an opening statement during a May 22,2013 hearing , and then refused to answer lawmakers ` questions .  House Republicans prepared
Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose '  Police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' at Southport Holiday Park .  One man from Liverpool said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation .  He said : ` It was supposed to be a nice peaceful weekend but we just packed up and left . It was murder
Jia Binhui , 25 , cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes alternative treatment will fight disease .  Claims temperatures higher than 42 degrees Celsius can kill cancer cells .  He built barbecue in his garden in southwest China 's Yunnan Province .  Has had bone marrow transplant , costing # 55,000 , which was funded by well-wishers .
A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in North America .  The youngster named Gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear .  The bear , which is believed to be called Cheyenne , appears to try and bite him through the glass .  The boy and the bear go on to play together as the bear mimics his actions .  He tells
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $ 3 billion in US sales , it 's been revealed .  The finding was revealed in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them , the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain .  The company has proved highly successful and made $ 4.7 billion in revenue , and 1 / 3 of homes in the US reportedly feature
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family .  But it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the kids active .  Keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world 's largest Easter Egg hunt at Traquair castle .  Learn how to play the fool at the royal court , enjoy medieval dancing
All that 's unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone .  The blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly ` female ' hormone .  Testosterone 's influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body .  After birth , a little boy 's testes are producing testosterone in substantial amounts .
Chocolate is n't the only temptation around Easter time with two hot cross buns containing around 1800 kilojules , and that 's without any butter or jam .  A 67-kilogram woman who ate four of these snack sized treats would need to vigorously walk for around 40 minutes before the guilt , and the calories melted away .  A man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same
Sabrina Rubin Erdely 's article on alleged gang rape at University of Virginia has been discredited .  Independent review of the story said it fell apart because of ` basic , even routine ' failures of journalism .  Rolling Stone 's publisher Jann Wenner said she was ` a really expert fabulist storyteller '  Professors at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy Sunday night .  Rolling
Indian doctors at Kathmandu 's Bir Hospital told Mail Today that packets of ` beef masala ' were sent by Pakistan on Tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors of the April 25 earthquake .  The majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal .  The development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association
Krista Dotzenrod , 24 , from Minnesota caught the foul ball in her beer .  She chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the cup in celebration .  She said it was ` pure luck ' and was ` sitting there , and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup . It fell straight in there '  MLB . com reports the chances of
Kentucky lost 71-64 to Wisconsin in the Final Four on Saturday night .  University of Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison muttered ` F * * * that n * * 1 * ' into a live microphone when another player was asked about defending Wisconsin 's Frank Kaminsky .  The mic picked up the racial slur-but Harrison 's microphone still projected the comment .  The loss ruined the Wildcats ` undefeated
Emile Heskey and Eidur Gudjohnsen have been rewarded with new deals by Bolton .  The former England striker has impressed in his nine Championship starts .  The pair joined on short-term deals in December .  Neil Lennon has also fined two midfielders Barry Bannan and Neil Danns .
William Beggs known as the Limbs in the Loch killer for killing Barry Wallace , 18 , in 1999 .  He is serving a life sentence in Saughton Prison , Edinburgh .  Beggs was described by police at the time of his conviction as a ` serial killer in the making '  The teenager 's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in sea
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years .  Claims staff would put inmates in cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out differences .  49-year-old said some workers would stay and watch the battle unfold .  He also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in Hounslow , south west London .  Says in-fighting was often kept hidden from overriding authorities .  Claimed
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for # 10million last summer .  The 20-year-old striker impressed at the World Cup in Brazil .  Simon Mignolet has been advising his compatriot about life at Anfield .  Origi has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at French side Lille .
The California firm said it will announce a ` home battery ' and a ` very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors .  While products such as this already exist , founder Elon Musk thinks they ` suck ' , according to Tesla 's investor relations director , Jeff Evanson .  The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project , but it is
The 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge .  The Baltimore Sun 's Aaron Wilson broke the story , with the NFL refusing to confirm the appointment .  Thomas was on the NFL 's list of officiating prospects and is set to be named as one of eight new officials for the 2015 season .
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls , picking himself up each time .  He wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits .  As a teenager he watched a Sky Sports special dedicated to George Best and saw the Manchester United great
The SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 .  It was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena .  100 tons of rupees , belonging to the UK Treasury , were taken to the bottom of the ocean .  British-led team used sonar and robotics to locate the ship .  It was finally discovered ` broken in two and buried deep in
Two former police officials who quit their jobs in Parma , Missouri , have revealed what they say are the real reasons they stepped down .  A black woman , Tyus Byrd , was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey .  Two of those individuals-Trish Cohen , Parma 's former police chief , and Rich Medley , the town 's old assistant police
Billionaire John Caudwell , 62 , claims visitors to Broughton Hall , Staffordshire , have felt bed vibrate .  He says it is where boy died in English Civil War .  ` He shouted : ' We are for the king ` - and a soldier shot him dead .  ` He fell in the Long Gallery , crawled into one of the bedrooms and bled to death , '
Jermain Defoe fired Sunderland into a 1-0 lead with a brilliant left-footed volley at the Stadium of Light .  The former Tottenham striker 's strike was his third for the Magpies this season .  Newcastle manager Dick Advocaat 's side were held to a goalless draw at St James ` Park in the first half .  Steven Fletcher made it 2-0 in the second half with a long pass from
Experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable and can damage one 's relationship with food .  Australian dietician and nutritionist Susie Burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain .  But she says this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely .  The Daily Mail on Tuesday revealed that people are cutting out whole
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Santiago Bernabeu .  Cristiano Ronaldo , Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale scored for the La Liga giants .  Iker Casillas comforted a young fan who was hit by a wayward shot .  He handed the injured fan his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time interval .  The veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff .
The 21-year-old plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in 138-ball innings .  Lancashire believe it is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match .  They skittled Caldy for just 79 to secure a staggering 500-run victory .
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating .  Gay had his ban reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities .  He is now set to compete against Bolt after returning to the sport .  Bolt said he felt ` let down ' by the disgraced sprinter .
Ed Miliband admits in the past his party had been ` too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language .  Tories say there is nothing in his plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to Britain , after net migration hit 298,000 in a year .  Labour leader promises a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant
Eden Hazard , Diego Costa , John Terry , Gary Cahill , Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic were named in the PFA Team of the Year .  Chelsea have six players in the best XI since the Premier League began in 1992 .  Manchester United have only had 11 players named since 1992 .  Liverpool 's Steven Gerrard has eight to his name , but missed out on a ninth
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a return to former club Barcelona .  The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants four years ago .  Bellerin scored twice in Arsenal 's 4-1 win against Liverpool .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  ISIS has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding car bomb in Syria .  Alleged soldiers of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime are marched to wooden stump and killed .  They are then ordered to kneel before Islamic State militant takes their heads off .  Six-minute propaganda video was filmed in city of al-Mayadin on April 5 .  Footage cuts from killings to shots
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final at Crandon Park Tennis Center on Sunday .  The Serbian world No 1 has now lost his last seven matches to the Scotsman .  The Serb has now won his fifth Miami Open winner 's trophy .  Murray is now ten out of eleven defeats against the world No . 1 .  The 27-year-old will now be
Ed Miliband accused of hypocrisy after claiming Coalition had made it harder to get a GP appointment .  Said there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends .  Said it was directly contributing to the A & E crisis , which was blamed on Labour 's GP contracts , which allowed them to opt out of out-of-hours care .  But critics were quick to point out
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal would ` increase Iran 's aggression and terror '  He said the agreement would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb .  In Iran yesterday , thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord .  President Obama has hailed the deal as a ` historic understanding '  There are still many details to be thrashed out before the deal is
French photographer Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years .  In her photography project , Inside Views , she spots movement in the standstill of the night .  She finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping .  ` I ' m just trying to move me , to move others , to bring them
During a ` Flex Cam ' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city .  Video of the unidentified woman 's robust display has over 300,000 views on YouTube .
Alvaro Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and a compulsory purchase clause triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played .  Reports in Spain suggested that Valencia were having second thoughts about keeping the striker next season .  But City are adamant that the deal will go through as planned .  Valencia have been linked with a move for Radamel Falcao .  The 29-year-old scored
Tony Pulis believes West Brom can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams .  The Baggies host Liverpool on Saturday eight points above the relegation zone .  They also face Manchester United , Chelsea and Arsenal in their final five games .
William Ziegler , now 39 , was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 .  He was convicted of killing Russell Allen Baker , an acquaintance of his .  His conviction was quashed in 2012 after a judge blasted his initial trial .  Today he was freed after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder .  Comes after Anthony Ray Hinton was freed from death row two
David Cameron issued impassioned plea for Ukip supporters to ` come back home '  He said it is ` not the time to send a message or make a protest '  Warned it could put economic recovery at risk by allowing Labour back into power .  Mr Cameron also conceded that he understood the ` frustrations ' of U Kip voters .  Latest polls have put Tories and Labour virtually
Joel Parker , 33 , was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar .  When the driver declined the offer , Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead , police said .  The driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery .  Parker is also never
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon .  Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four .  The Reds boss admits the slide out of the elite will damage Liverpool in the transfer market .  Rodgers knows he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign .  Liverpool have won
Sunderland are trailing Argentine striker Franco Di Santo .  Di Santo is playing for Werder Bremen and has scored 13 goals in 22 games .  The Bundesliga side want # 8million for the 26-year-old .  Di Santo previously played for Chelsea but failed to make an impact at Stamford Bridge .
Christine , 36 , has been in a relationship with Frank Lampard for five years .  Says building a bond with Frank 's children has been a ` well-thought-out process '  ` They know I ' m their little mate . I do n't want to be their mummy . That was never even a thought , ` says the Irish TV star .  Says they waited until they were
Google Politics tweeted what it said were ` Related questions to Rand Paul in the last 24 hours '  The most popular question about Hillary Clinton was asking how old she is .  The second-most popular was ` Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat ? '  The top questions on Marco Rubio were ` How old is Marco rubio ? ' and ` Where was Ted Cruz born ? '
William Hilton Paul , 22 , crashed into a parked car in Lexington , Kentucky on Sunday .  Witnesses said Paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck .  He was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face .  Paul has two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law .
Gran Canaria is just off the coast of Africa , yet still in Europe .  The volcanic outpost is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons .  Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic , and draws up his list of things to do .  The three-mile-long Las Canteras is a must-see for sun worshippers .  The Alfredo Kraus Auditorium was built in the
Nathan Dailo , from Sydney , uploaded a video to his YouTube channel .  He shows how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to sleep .  The father gliding a piece of tissue paper over his son 's face .  The video has already received almost 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago .  By the 14th stroke baby Seth has stopped fidgeting and has completely drifted off .
Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh delivered a stunning blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup .  The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village .  The build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection of former England forward Gareth Hock despite an agreement not to play
Phylise Davis-Bowens , who attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach , Florida , for their ` transformative leadership ' program at the age of 37 , launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009 .  The 42-year-old lost 16lb in one month in order to attempt out but was still denied an audition for the dance troupe
Charles Manuel admitted wrongdoing to the Iowa Board of Chiropractic .  He signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .  The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction .
Siem de Jong could return to action before the end of the current season .  The Newcastle attacking midfielder suffered a collapsed lung in February .  De Jong has started just one Premier League game since joining from Ajax .  The 26-year-old will feature for Newcastle 's reserve side against Derby County .
Diego Costa set to miss Chelsea 's clash with Arsenal on Sunday .  Striker failed to recover in time from hamstring injury against Stoke on April 4 .  Jose Mourinho said he would make late decision on Costa 's fitness .  Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba as only senior striker .  17-year-old forward Dominic Solanke set to deputise on the bench .
England captain Alastair Cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him .  Defeat against West Indies in a three-Test battle is unthinkable for an England captain .  Cook knows that he , and coach Peter Moores , can afford no slip-ups in what should be the least taxing assignment of England 's ridiculous schedule of 17 Tests in the next nine months
Jeremy Clarkson will not face prosecution over attack on Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon .  The incident took place at a hotel in Hawes , North Yorkshire .  Clarkson was filming Top Gear in the area when he was attacked by Tymon .  Tymon said he did not want to press charges against the 54-year-old .  North Yorkshire Police have now dropped the probe without taking action .  Mr Clarkson
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer .  The Dutchman has been a revelation in his first season in English football .  Koeman is unlikely to receive a particularly warm welcome at St Mary 's .  Only a point is needed to break the record Premier League points tally set last season under Mauricio Pochettino .
Arsenal lost 3-1 at home to Monaco in the Champions League on Sunday .  Arsene Wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend .  Jose Mourinho hit back at Wenger during his pre-match press conference on Friday .  ` If he defends well he draws 0-0 against Monaco and wins in Monte Carlo . It 's not easy to defend
Belinda , 56 , from Essex , had hoped the facelift would deal with her jowls .  But the ` horrendous ' scars left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse .  Surgeon left her with her ears ` sewn ' to the sides of her face .  Says she wishes she 'd never had a facelift because of the scars .  Now she is to appear on TLC 's
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland .  The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators .  Authorities will not say how the couple died .  The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands .
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air .  As he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright .  Bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the tot in action .
Comedy sketch by 26 Minutes follows ` Jeff Randl ' , who travels to ` Sweden ' to compete in Xtreme Verbier .  The Bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on stereotypes about US tourists .  Jeff offends others by being loud , jumping queues and smoking marijuana .  The end of the video shows Jeff being buried in an ` avalanche ' and pulling his Bible out of his jacket
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran .  The Toffees captain was on hand to visit Chaophraya restaurant in Liverpool .  Everton travel to the Liberty Stadium on Saturday looking for their fourth Premier League win in succession .
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded industry leaders as ` 1 % '  Lord Prescott suggested signatories were ` tax dodgers , Tory donors and non doms '  Labour 's business spokesman Chuka Umunna raised stakes , suggesting former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI .  He said it would be ` untenable ' for Walsh to ` claim to be independent in light of
AP McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle .  He was reduced to tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand .  McCoy said : ` All records are broken . I just hope I am dead when they do '  Arsene Wenger , manager of McCoy 's beloved Arsenal , congratulated him .  Steve Redgrave , Britain 's greatest Olympian , summed it up
Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car on streets of Mississauga , Canada .  Started following in his own vehicle to get the ` selfie ' on the map .
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants , mainly from other parts of Africa .  Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs clashed with police in Johannesburg .  Immigrants have complained about a lack of protection from the authorities and some have started arming themselves to fight back .  Eyewitnesses have claimed that the violence is carefully orchestrated and that
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon in the Premier League .  Wayne Rooney , Ander Herrera and Radamel Falcao among the big-hitters in training ahead of the clash .  Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play .  Manchester United have won on their last three visits to the club-the famous 6-1 in 2011 / 12,2 / 1 in
Cheltenham Town are 23rd in League Two .  Gary Johnson 's side have two games to preserve their Football League status .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Legendary writer and columnist Liz Smith started her career in New York City when she was just 25 .  The 92-year-old is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her storied career .  Smith claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992 : ` Do you think I should come out ? ' but that he ` worships ' his wife
The will of Princess Diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button .  It is among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online .  In her will , Diana 's butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of # 50,000 , free of inheritance tax .  Possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17
Crowds turned out for the Anzac Day memorial service at the Ivy nightclub in Sydney 's CBD .  A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on .  Father Arron Cutugno said he was ` disgusted ' by the choice to play music during the minute 's silence .  A spokesperson for Merivale , which runs the Ivy
Ross McCormack gave Charlton the lead with just eight minutes left at The Valley .  Johann Gudmundsson scored his 10th goal of the season in front of travelling travelling fans .  Matt Smith looped the ball over the top of Stephen Henderson 's goalkeeper .  Charlton equalised in the 16th minute through Frederic Bulot 's cross .  Charlton were held to a 1-1 draw by Brentford at the bottom of
Andy Murray 's mother Judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife Kim Sears .  The 55-year-old tennis coach said she was n't sure when her son would have children .  She said that she will take an active part in their lives .  She also said that following her stint on Strictly Come Dancing she taught her tennis champion
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman-but quickly came back to grab ` a large handful of cash ' from the car , witnesses told police .  The accident occurred in southeastern Albuquerque just before noon on Sunday local time .  The driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light and the driver , whom an off-duty officer identified as Jones
A new study shows that a quarter of Australians have opted for solo living .  70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men .  The study was conducted by the Australian Institute of Family Studies .  The Eastern suburbs of Potts Point , Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households .  Julie Sweet , 39 ,
A video from the Philadelphia Office of Transportation shows characters in ` safety suits ' including Bubbleman , a ` Fashionista ' wrapped in bubble wrap and a young man in flashing lights .  The campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone .  The campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by cars
Juanette Cullum , 48 , allegedly stole almost $ 15,000 worth of items from American Airline planes over the last three years .  She was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property .  Detectives searched her Brooklyn home , where they also found 19 Kindle tablets , seven iPads , two laptops and a ` large amount ' of toiletries .
Judy Murray , mother of tennis star Andy , tweeted about her triumph .  Judy Murray said : ` GSM Sturgeon ' -LRB- Game , Set and Match -RRB- .  Britain-wide TV audience was clearly impressed-YouGov found 28 per cent thought she was the best performer .  She has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in TV debate .  12,000 people paid to
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night .  Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon had put Palace 2-0 up before Yaya Toure 's consolation goal .  Eagles chairman Steve Parish has revealed he wants to bring in extra funds .  He says the current set-up would allow manager Alan Pardew to improve the squad in the summer .  Parish says he would like investment in the
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed Barcelona are interested in signing Paul Pogba .  The French midfielder is currently out of action with a hamstring injury .  The Czech international has been linked with a move to Paris St Germain .  Manchester City and Chelsea are also reported to be interested .  Nedved said he was pleased Juve did n't draw the Catalan side in the quarter-finals of the Champions
Naz Shah , a mother-of-three from Bradford , has previously claimed she was forced into marriage age 15 .  But Mr Galloway 's Respect Party claims to have obtained a ` nikah ' , or marriage certificate .  He says it shows she was married in 1990 , when she was 16 and a half .  Mr Galloway also accused her of slandering the British Pakistani community .  He says
ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry , 28 , has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl '  In a self-aggrandizing rant , she tells her readers she is ` taking a stand ' against ` sexist ' commercials that focus on ` appearance alone '  The former model is dedicated
Natalie Prescott , 26 , was crippled after she dived off Appley Bridge quarry in 2012 .  Mother-of-three had two children , Saskia , 7 , and Harley , 5 , and was unable to walk or stand .  Her ankles were pulverised and her knee cap was smashed .  She had several operations during a three-month hospital stay , including metal plating in her ankle .  After learning that
The chihuahua puppy was found in the play area of an animal shelter in California .  It was covered in horrific burns to its ears and stomach .  It is believed the pet , who has been named Fireman , was burned by chemicals .  Kristy Keusch from Umbrella of Hope is now caring for the dog .  She said : ` It 's hard not to get attached ,
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a # 4.4 million deal .  The 22-year-old Austria international has one senior international cap for Austria .  Wimmer says it would be a ` dream ' to join a top club like Spurs .
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate in Kolkata .  The 20-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury .  He was playing as a substitute fielder in a senior one-day match in Kolkata .  Sachin Tendulkar is among several India stars to offer condolences .  Current India batsman Ajinkya Rahane said : ` Strength to his family and friends . RIP '
Newcastle had more than # 34million in the bank at the end of last financial year .  # 38.6 million was transferred into Newcastle 's bank account as a cash-flow sum .  It paid off a # 4.5 million overdraft and left # 34.1 million available .  The revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from
Philip Gigante , 41 , was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont , New York .  His grandfather Vincent ` The Chin ' Gigantes was the head of the Genovese crime family .  He was forced to step down in 1992 because of poor health .  He was indicted on federal racketeering charges in 1990 , but was deemed unfit to stand trial .  But in 1997 he
Nafir Afzal said hundreds of British teenagers see ISIS as ` pop idols '  Prosecutor said children are at risk of ` jihadimania ' , putting children in danger of being radicalised .  He said ` another 7 / 7 ' could happen unless Britain changes the way it deals with radicalisation .  He said Britain needs a new approach in way it dealt with radicalised teenagers .  Mr Afzel
The red Mazda careered off the road and crashed into the front door .  It hit the property with such force it became stuck in the wall .  Incredibly , no-one was injured in the crash in Crossgates , Leeds .
Paris Saint-Germain crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday night .  David Luiz was at fault for both goals as Barcelona beat PSG .  ITV pundit Roy Keane described Luiz as ` lost '
Footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque .  The 22-year-old Asian elephant named Jazmine approached its mother Rozie .  The young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg and lunges forward .  It tramples all over R mother as it tries to get its balance .
Samuel Tushingham , 26 , repeatedly attacked his girlfriend and slapped her .  He dragged her by the hair and threw a toaster at her , a court was told .  District judge Bridget Knight described him as a ` caveman ' but spared him jail .  She told him : ` You are almost too dangerous for me to send you to prison '  He was given a 26-week
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award .  The Everton forward has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus , Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career .  The 28-year-old has given Everton tickets to the unemployed people of Liverpool and offer them the opportunity to watch league games
The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program , currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four .  To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $ 31,525-before taxes-and assets valued at less than $ 2,000 .  It is part of a broader welfare law taking effect in July that Brownback and his allies say is aimed at moving
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins .  The disgraced footballer was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of March .  Another warrant was issued for his arrest in April when he failed to front court .  West Australian Police have confirmed an internal investigation is
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side have failed to beat their local rivals in six attempts this season .  The last time Real Madrid beat their rivals was in last season 's Champions League final .  Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Peter Ackroyd has written a biography of Alfred Hitchcock .  His oeuvre was a study of voyeurism , violence and guilt with , on the one hand , the rape and murder of vulnerable women .  His very first work , in 1927 , The Lodger , was about a man wrongly accused of being Jack The Ripper .  Here , he met Alma Reville , whom he married in
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance during the Second World War .  He was a sergeant for the RAF police and she a driver for the Auxiliary Territorial Service .  They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester .  They welcomed their daughter two years after celebrating VE day .  Mrs Pearson , 95 , died last month , her husband followed two days later
Patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white to enjoy St George 's Day celebrations in the sunshine today .  Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country , with spectators draped in flags cheering them on .  In Emsworth , Hampshire , members of the 12th Regiment Royal Artillery led a local St George .  In the City of London , Morris men
ISIS said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer .  They will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will take an ` Islamic course '  At the end of their prison term , they will be forced to take a test .  Those who do n't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass .  Raqqa is Being
Narita Airport has installed cushioned running tracks in its Terminal 3 .  The tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics .  They lead to departures , while the red path leads to arrivals .  The new terminal first opened on April 8 and will be used for low-cost carriers .
Liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked ` Are you hungry ? '  The reptile is rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat .  She ` absolutely loves ' the little larvae and will do anything to get one .  Liz lives with owner Shannen Hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in Melbourne .
Odion Ighalo gave the Hornets the lead after just four minutes .  Matthew Connolly doubled Forest 's advantage in the second half .  Gary Gardner scored for Nottingham Forest with twenty minutes to play .  Almen Abdi scored Watford 's third goal in the closing stages .  Craig Cathcart made it 2-0 with a close-range finish .  Ourelho Gomes pulled one back for the hosts in the dying stages .
Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock 1-0 at Parkhead on Wednesday .  Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick to move eight points clear with six games remaining .  Ronny Deila said the striker 's desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI .  Celtic could now win the title against rivals Aberdeen on May 10 .  If both teams
The ` looping lightning ' image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer Scott Murray .  The bolt appears to shot out and up from the cloud before curving towards the Earth .  Lightning is very rare-estimates suggest less than 1 % of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction .  But storm chaser Dan Robinson believes ` looped lightning ' may be a
Robert Lewandowski scored twice as Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 on Saturday .  The Poland international finished the league 's top-scorer with Borussia Dortmund last season .
ESA 's Asteroid Impact Mission , or AIM , is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid 's moon at 14,000 mph to see what happens .  Launched in October 2020 , AIM will travel to a binary asteroid system -- the paired Didymos asteroids , which will come a relatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022 .  Two or more CubeSats will
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world .  He has posted pictures of his wealth on social media .  Marvin Hagler believes Maywether does not act in the manner befitting a champion .  Hagler is speaking on the 30th anniversary of his fight with Thomas Hearns .  The two pound-for-pound fighters will finally meet in Las Vegas on May 2 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing
Hulk dressed up as the superhero at the premiere of the Avengers : Age of Ultron movie .  The 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at Zenit St Petersburg .  Hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian giants .
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if Crystal Palace were offered # 40-60million .  The former Newcastle boss says all his players are ` undervalued '  He says ` anyone who rings me up will get a proper price '  The 25-year-old scored a hat-trick in Palace 's 4-1 Premier League win at Sunderland .  Liverpool 's initial plans to offer # 10m this summer have been thwarted
Waheed Ahmed , 21 , is the son of Rochdale councillor Shakil Ahmed .  The 21-year-old was arrested with eight relatives in a Turkish border town .  He is understood to be returning to the UK on a flight from Dalaman tonight .  The family are accused of trying to sneak across the border into Syria .  Mr Ahmed was with his aunt , two cousins and one of their
ByHours . com allows users to book stays of three , six and 12 hours .  App allows the user to select their area , and then their time slot , to be shown a list of available hotels .  In London , hotels that it has signed up include H10 Waterloo , The Kingsway Hall Hotel , Yotel Heathrow and Gatwick , Crowne Plaza London-The City , Academy Hotel
` Furious 7 ' opened in 4,003 North American theaters , earning $ 14 million .  on 365 Imax screens and $ 11.5 million from premium large format .  Internationally , the film .  rolled out across 10,500 screens in 63 territories , earning .  Universal Pictures spared no expense in bringing the latest .  chapter in the fast cars and gravity-defying-stunts series to .  the big screen , shelling
Laura Eugenia Smith , 35 , has been charged with DUI , child endangerment and public intoxication .
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad , 56 , allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk .  He allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias .  The woman , known as Patient A , told a hearing considering his fitness to practise .  She said she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring .  She said
Manchester City 's James Milner could leave as a free agent .  Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski .  England 's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool .  Ron Vlaar could leave Aston Villa .  Luke Garbutt is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal at Everton .  Danny Welbeck has been linked with a
Joe Hart has labelled Gianluigi Buffon a ` legend of the game '  The Manchester City goalkeeper won his 147th cap against Italy on Tuesday night .  Hart said after the 1-1 draw with Italy that the Italian was an inspiration .  The 37-year-old revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap .  Hart said : ` It 's definitely a night to celebrate a terrific goalkeeper ... someone I
Patsy Kensit made the comments in an interview with Stylist magazine .  She said the Duchess of Cambridge would be her ` regal inspiration '  This is the first time the Duchess , who spends much of her time doing charity work , has been lauded as a feminist icon .
Psychologists from Oxford University say music can bring out certain flavours in food and drink , including sweet , salty and bitter .  The intensity of Nessun Dorma , performed by Luciano Pavarotti , is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee .  The high-pitched piano in Billie Holiday 's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding .  The
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19,1995 .  It was the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen .  The 23-year-old single mother , Aren Almon-Kok , saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day .  A day later it was on the cover of newspapers across the world .  ` I had to
Michael Owen was the new kid on the block in the Premier League .  He scored a hat-trick against Sheffield Wednesday on February 14,1998 .  It was a lot for young shoulders to take , yet four-and-a-half months later he scored that goal against Argentina at France ` 98 .  Harry Kane has been just as fearless this year .  He will try to prove his outstanding Premier League season
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday .  The 16-year-old , son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael , was pictured accidentally driving through gravel by the side of the track during a training session .  The protege was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph at the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg , eastern Germany .  The accident was minor and he walked away uninjured
A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument .  Instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia .  Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences took a look at several ` musical instruments ' that had been attributed to Neanderthals .
Rihanna Cooper , 21 , from Hull , became Britain 's youngest sex-swap patient .  At 16 , she was accepted for gender reassignment at the age of 16 .  But part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female became too much .  She called a halt to her treatment and is now paying for her treatment privately .  Has now realised she
A superior court judge in North Carolina ruled on Monday that Craig Hicks is ` death penalty qualified '  Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of Deah Shaddy Barakat , 23 , and his wife , 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha ; and her sister , 19 .  Prosecutors said Hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon .  The victims `
The SpiderFab system is being developed by Tethers Unlimited .  It uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit .  It can then ` spin ' building material into shape to create trusses and other parts of spacecraft .  The firm hopes to launch its first working construction robot into space within the next couple of years .  It uses 3D printing techniques and robotic assembly to fabricate long
Iker Casillas , Toni Kroos , James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar .  Jese is to start his first game in 389 days in Bale 's absence .  If Barcelona beat Sevilla , then they ` re ' halfway to La Liga `  Luis Enrique welcomes back Jordi Alba , Sergio Busquets and Neymar .  Goal-line technology is a major talking point in
The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter .  More than 70 teenagers gathered at the Serbian Community Centre in Willawong , Brisbane , on Tuesday night .  Neighbours said that ` hordes of people ' were directed by police out of the area .  Four people have been arrested over the incident , including a 20-year-old man , an 18-years-old woman and two teenager girls aged 15 and
David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair .  In one day this week the Tory leader travelled to all four home nations .  Mr Cameron has also had to wade into arguments , defending outspoken ministers .  Also got into a muddle over cream teas at the Age UK in Plymouth .  On Thursday he was forced to defend Michael Fallon .  Defence secretary said
Airline rivals Ryanair and Aer Lingus reignited their feud on Twitter .  Ryanair shared a photo of two staff by an advertising banner in Terminal 2 .  They said : ` Low Fares have come to @ DublinAirport T2 at last . Fly from T1 for the lowest fares made simple '  Ryanair flies out of Terminal 1 at Dublin , while Aer LIngus flies from Terminal 2 .  Ryanair
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute .  The Argentine doubled his tally in the second-half as the club secured promotion back to the Football League .  Michael Gash made it 2-0 with a close-range strike after four minutes .  Curtis Weston made it 3-0 just after half-time .  The win was Barnet 's fourth in charge of the club after a two-year absence .  Allen
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the Puglia region of Italy .  It has contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year .  Puglian growers have opposed the government 's destruction plan , saying it wo n't stop the bacteria 's spread .  It is feared that unless drastic action is taken to fell the groves , the bacteria will
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together .  Their opening-stand century was England 's first in Test cricket for more than two years .  New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for next month 's series in England with a finger .
For most of her life Judy Eddingfield has been employed as a server at Winstead 's in Kansas City and says it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted .  On April , 6,1965 Eddinngfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed at the establishment for 13 years .  ` I was three years old when
New figures revealed at least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year .  The increase has been put down to the introduction of ` smart motorways ' which use the cameras to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions .  Conservatives are already moving to scrap the controversial cameras if an ongoing review criticises their use when it reports
The mineral veins were found at a site called ` Garden City ' on Mount Sharp .  They stick up from the rock by up to 6cm -LRB- 2.5 inches -RRB- .  Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars ` wet past billions of years ago .  While Curiosity has found brightly coloured veins before , the darker ones remain .
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2 billion in 2000 to 13.7 billion in 2011 .  News comes as cigar use rises in the US and cigarette smoking declines .  Alarmingly , more young people appear to be taking up cigars .
Marissa Holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at gunpoint by a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie on March 31 .  She was fired less than two days later when she refused to pay back the money .  The store said she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at
Wigry National Park , in north-east Poland , is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes -LRB- Poland 's Lake District -RRB- .  The area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits .  The hotel rents mountain bikes and Nordic walking poles , and you could cycle or hike for days around the well-marked trails .  Jane found a refreshing simplicity to this pretty
Artist Marco Evaristti poured food dye into therokkur Geysir at dawn .  When the water boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground .  He did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt .  The Chilean national has been jailed for 15 days by Icelandic authorities .  He defended his artwork , saying ` nature belongs to no one '
Models strutted their stuff in gold underwear on a catwalk in Xi ` an , China .  It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the chain-mail style shirt .  The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history .
Michael Fallon says Labour leader is willing to trade away UK 's nuclear deterrent .  Mr Miliband says Conservative campaign has ` descended into the gutter '  David Cameron ` should be ashamed ' , he says .
Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth over # 2m .  The annual levy will hit his own home in north London , it has been claimed .  Estate agents are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Milikin price '  They are now offering a lower ` Edliband price ' to compensate for future bills .  David
England lost 19-9 to Ireland at the Aviva Stadium last month .  George Ford , Dave Attwood , Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the Six Nations defeat .  Bath head coach Mike Ford says they have a point to prove .  Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday .  Cian Healy , Rob Kearney and Jamie Heaslip are all set to
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals .  The club legend and assistant coach believes the Spanish side are capable of winning a second consecutive season .  He says ` the urge to be champions of Europe is in the club 's DNA '  CLICK HERE for all the
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday .  The pair will be awarded special merit awards before they leave the Premier League .  The pair have won a combined 220 caps for England .  The duo will join LA Galaxy and New York City FC at the end of the season .
Stains ` coat was cut to resemble a lion 's when it was sent to the groomers .  The dog 's thick coat is best suited for colder climates .  Owner laughs hysterically while filming the artistic vision on camera .
Callum Ryan , 21 , will run a marathon in each of Australia 's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late childhood friend Malachy Frawley , who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 .  The University of Sydney student is raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia-supporting thousands of children living with heart defects .  The 21-year-old will run eight of
Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death .  The 29-year-old was on the phone to his new wife back in India .  He was in Australia on a long-stay work visa , and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years .  Investigators are looking at whether a structural fault contributed to Mr Saw 's fatal fall .  Police also hope
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbidge 1-0 to win Evo-Stik North title .  The club were set up in protest at the Glazer family 's takeover of Manchester United .  The club 's fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the Football League .  The Class of ` 92 's Salford City were crowned champions after title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1
Alexandra Harra , 28 , has been dubbed the Romanian Kim Kardashian .  Has a BA in creative writing and classics and works as a life coach .  Recently dyed her hair to look more like the reality star .  Says she is treated like a celebrity when she returns to her native Romania .  ` When I arrive anywhere in Romania , the paparazzi are after me , they
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ` fears and worries ' remain .  Underpinning it all was contempt for the views of most British people .  The mess took 13 years to create -- and over the past five years we have been working to turn this around .  Economic migration from outside the EU has been capped at 20,700 skilled professionals a year
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The Filipino boxer has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating the clash .  Fans can also buy a shirt in black or white commemorating the fight .  The cheapest shirt has an ` M ' for Maywether ` above a ' P ` for Pacqao .  CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik scored for Napoli in the first half .  Gabbiadini made it 4-0 just after coming on as a second-half substitute .  Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts .  Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League .  Rafa Benitez 's side came into the game having lost just once in their last 26 matches
Bradford Brewing Company has seen a spike in sales following Twitter spat .  Threwers have turned up at the brewery 's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row .  S spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate took offence .  The brewing firm asked him if he was ` still a thing ? '  Mr Galloway responded by saying : ` As a licensed premises in my
Gibbons are better known for their deafening songs that reverberate around forests .  They produce soft call types , known as ` hoos ' , that are almost inaudible to the human ear .  Scientists at Wisconsin University in Madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes .  Dr Esther Clarke , who led the research , said the findings could also
Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season on a two-year deal .  The 24-year-old can play either at wing or centre .  Allen has never lived outside of Ireland .
Everton duo Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children 's Hospital on Wednesday .  The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards .  Baines hailed the ` unbelievable strength and character ' of the children at the hospital .  The 30-year-old will be back in action for Everton on Saturday .
Celebrities showed off their favourite kits for Football Shirt Friday .  Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt .  Bobby Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4,1993 .  Bianca Westwood , Rob Lee and Clare Balding took to Twitter to show off their support .  To sign up or donate visit footballshirtfriday . org or join the conversation on Twitter by
Britain met the controversial target to spend 0.7 % of national income on overseas aid .  The UK is now the second largest aid donor in the world .  New EU accounting rules -- to which Britain has signed up -- are being brought in .  It means that Gross National Income will rise -- pushing up the amount that will need to be spent on aid to meet the
The 15-year-old girl , named locally as Leah Price , was airlifted to hospital last night .  It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey , North Yorkshire .  A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside .  She said : ` I could hear crying in a van , it was such
Called Toyal Lotus , the technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf .  It uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking to lids of pots .  Toyo Aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation .  It has teamed up with Japan 's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers .  It claims that the amount of
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem , Oregon , has accused Facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name .  For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in .  Happy Cloud has had to change her screen name to her married name , Rojas , even though she is no longer with her husband .  ` Other people
Louise Smith , 38 , has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run .  She was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub .  She planted the hairs and complained to staff at the pub in Carlisle , Cumbria .  The 38-year-old approached a member of staff with a half-eaten meal and said she had found a hair in the
Leonardo Ulloa scored from Wes Morgan 's knock down to give Leicester the lead at the King Power Stadium .  David Nugent suffered an injury in the warm-up to the match and Andrej Kramaric was sent on .  Andy King 's late second goal saw the Foxes move off the bottom of the Premier League table for the first time since November .  It is the first win in a
Royal China Club in central London was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup .  Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup .  They are either disguising the soup on menus as ` fish fin soup ' or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers .  Legal loophole allows people to bring 20kg of shark fin to the country if
David King , 70 , and originally from east London , had not been seen for six months .  He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago .  On October 27 , he went to tea with friends living close to his home .  He is thought to have got into an argument with a 28-year-old man .  Mr King lived alone ,
German Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff photographed the girl in a refugee camp .  She became so scared she raised her hands to surrender after mistaking his camera for a weapon .  It follows the now-iconic image of Adi Hudea , 4 , who ` broke millions of hearts ' after surrendering to a cameraman in a Syrian camp last year .  He said : ` I was shocked by
Wendy Stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again .  He wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road .  Six months ago , he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate , Kent .
The Duke of York was inspired to launch Key to Freedom after visiting a girls ` refuge in India .  The charity is helping vulnerable girls in Calcutta taught tailoring and silk printing .  The girls have been rescued from brothels , child labour and human trafficking .  Andrew was mired in allegations he had slept with ` sex slave ' Virginia Roberts .  Roberts had been working for Andrew
Italy drew 1-1 with England at Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Graziano Pelle and Andros Townsend scored the goals for the Azzurri .  Antonio Conte said his return to Turin prompted ` very fond memories '  Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August .  The former Juventus boss admitted it had been an ` em otional ' week for him .
Kamron T . Taylor , 23 , was convicted of first-degree murder in February in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr , 21 , and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .  He escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds , said Kankakee County Sheriff Timothy Bukowski .  As of Friday
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring for Middlesbrough with a fine solo effort .  Patrick Bamford doubled Boro 's lead six minutes later with his 16th goal of the season .  Kike had a shot saved on the hour before Tomlin made it 2-0 .  Rotherham had a rare shot at goal after 73 minutes when substitute Lee Frecklington hit the ball into the bottom corner .  The Millers keeper had
The United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup .  The country 's government is keen to boost the nation 's international profile .  The World Cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries-Australia , New Zealand , France and Great Britain .  South Africa submitted an application for the 2017 event which was awarded jointly to Australia and New
Real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute .  Lucas Perez equalised for the home side in the 38th minute .  Gonzalo Castro scored the second goal of the season in the 57th minute .  David Moyes ` side had to settle for a share of the spoils in San Sebastian .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Joe Hart 's side are now four points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea .  The England number one said it was one of his ` worst days in a Man City shirt '
David Cameron embarked on tour of Alnwick to drum up support for re-election .  He was reprimanded by one local woman for ` name-calling ' in campaign .  Busker with ukulele sang : ` f * * * off back to Eton with all your Eton chums '  Mr Cameron was urged to avoid ` name calling ' tactics against Ed Miliband .  Mr Cameron bought some sausages at Turnbull
Nico Rosberg has published a video explaining his row with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix .  The German complained that his Mercedes team-mate acted ` selfishly ' in slowing down to such an extent that he could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari .  He responded to a fan who accused him of ` crying ' after he complained about the race winner .  Hamilton won
David Hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer in July 2012 .  He underwent chemotherapy , radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel .  Doctors told him the cancer was terminal and he tried cannabis oil as a last resort .  In desperation , he bought it from a local dealer for # 50 a gram .  Father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last
Betheny Coyne , 24 , was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta .  Condition makes it difficult for the heart to pump blood around the body .  Risk is that it may narrow further at any time , meaning the blood will stop going round the body properly , and in turn cause complete heart failure .  She needed open heart surgery three times as
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Vale of Glamorgan Council spent # 750,000 refurbishing 36 flats .  Neighbours say the building looks ` more like a children 's playscheme '  Council says colour scheme will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home .
Victoria Wasteney , 38 , says she was branded a ` religious nutcase ' by colleague Enya Nawaz .  She was suspended from her # 50,000-a-year job as an occupational therapist in June 2013 .  She has now launched an appeal against employment tribunal which found she had ` bullied ' a Muslim colleague by praying for her and inviting her to church events .  She says she put her
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday in the Premier League .  Ben Davies was part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie on Saturday .  Vokes and Davies were part of Wales ` team which won the FA Cup earlier this season .  Spurs have just one defeat from four Premier League matches .  Mauricio Pochettino 's side have 13 players
Beverley Davis , 35 , tricked Ray Warren , 89 , into handing over his bank cards .  The mother-of-three was supposed to be helping care for him at his home .  She spent # 9,164 on Chinese takeaways , Amazon , eBay , children 's nursery fees , insurance and on mortgage arrears payments .  Mr Warren was so devastated he lay in bed at night worrying about money
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury in Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City .  The # 32million striker was forced off after coming on at the interval .  Jose Mourinho had placed Costa on standby for the match .  The Blues boss insisted he would only turn to Costa if absolutely necessary .  Costa was ruled out for a week , a month , two months ,
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United .  The 29-year-old has revived his career under Louis van Gaal .  Young signed a five year contract worth around # 120,000 a week .  United beat Liverpool to sign Young from Aston Villa for # 17m in 2011 .
Christopher Wheeler , 54 , worked at exclusive Tower Hill School in Delaware .  He had 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men .  One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male .  He was running Net Shred-a program designed to eradicate internet history .  Police searched his mansion , school office and private plane in October
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston has denied five Football Association charges .  The Seasiders chairman sent a series of vitriolic volleys to a fan .  He told the fan to ` enjoy the rest of your special needs day out ' before Christmas .  He later apologised for his part in the exchange and is now facing a ban from football activities .  He is also looking at a hefty fine
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall off the ball at Elland Road .  Tom Cairney , Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn .  Blackburn extended their unbeaten away run to six matches with a 3-0 win .  Austin was back in the Leeds side after a five-match absence .  Austin was shown a straight red card after referee Gary Sutton was
State Department will file complaint to Russia ` through diplomatic channels '  U.S. . RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the Baltic Sea .  Russian SU-27 Flanker ` aggressively ' cut into the American plane 's path .  Pentagon officials have slammed the move as ` unprofessional ' and ` unsafe '
Manchester City players trained at their Etihad Campus base on Wednesday .  Sergio Aguero , Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri all took part in shooting practice .  City are currently fourth in the Premier League with seven games remaining .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side face West Ham United on Sunday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the European Cup on Saturday .  Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall watched his side battle in vain .  The Saracens pack contained five English-qualified forwards in the starting pack .
Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman and Chancellor George Osborne went to St Paul 's School for boys in the 1980s .  Harman has repeatedly accused Tories of being ` completely out of touch '  Appeared on BBC One 's Andrew Marr show , Harman complained about Tory attacks on Ed Miliband that he ` stabbed his brother in the back ' for the Labour leadership .  She attacked Tories
Competitors on Bear Grylls ` The Island had not eaten for two weeks .  They killed what producers thought was a common caiman-a small , relatively common reptile .  However , suspicions were raised when the animal appeared larger than usual .  It has now been revealed to be an endangered American crocodile .  The episode in which the animal is killed on a remote island off Panama , Central
A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website , GoFundMe , on Wednesday .  A separate fundraising campaign was started on site , Indiegogo , titled the ` Michael T . Sllor Support Fund '  It had raised $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on Wednesday .  A well-wisher of the accused killer cop
Striking tree spotted in Guangxi province has a web of tangled roots .  The tree is so flimsy that the entire tree sways in the wind .  Banyan trees are found in hot climates and known for their extensive roots .  Sometimes the roots grow so out of control that they eventually engulf the tree and kill it .
YouTuber Dave Hax 's ingenious new method involves boiling water over potatoes .  Chefs then need to boil the spuds for as long as needed .  Then let them drain before running under cold water .
Castle Toward , near Dunoon , Argyll and Bute , was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942 to prepare troops for the D-Day landings .  Military training was so realistic and demanding that many servicemen were killed in accidents .  The castle has gone on the market for # 1.75 million .  It was commandeered by Winston Churchill and Lord Mountbatten during the war .  The castle was used as
Lord Janner , 86 , has been ruled unfit to face child sex charges because he has Alzheimer 's disease .  Crown Prosecution Service faced widespread criticism after announcing he would escape prosecution .  Now it has emerged that the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name in April 9 letter .  Former Labour MP claimed more than # 100,000 in parliamentary expenses .  He has not attended
Audrie Pott , 15 , fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka .  awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body .  Two teens , who have not been named , admitted she was unconscious at the time .  They also apologized for sharing false rumors that ` served to shame and humiliate her '  Now the final two teens have reached an agreement
Henrikh Mkhitaryan , Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored as Borussia Dortmund beat Paderborn 2-0 at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday .  The win moved last season 's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe .  Jurgen Klopp 's side are now within three points of sixth-place Augsburg .  Dortmund had lost their two previous Bundesliga matches against Borrusia
Jasmine Midgley was diagnosed with bronchiolitis-a common infection of the upper airways that affects babies and young children .  Parents Tanja and Steven , of Stockton-on-Tees , were told she may not survive .  When antibiotics failed to help Jasmine 's cold-like symptoms , she was kept in the University Hospital of North Tees overnight .  Doctors diagnosed a subglottic hemangioma-a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can
Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu .  The Welshman faces a race to be fit for Real 's Champions League quarter-final .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side eventually beat Malaga 3-1 on Saturday .  Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks .
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Neymar as the player to rival Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo .  The former Manchester United boss says there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo at the moment .  Ferguson also backed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti , who reached out to Ferguson 's son , Darren , when he was sacked by Peterborough .
The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football .  Ratinho 's side secured a 1-1 draw with Atletico PR in the Brazilian Cup .
London Mayor appeared with Miliband on BBC 's Andrew Marr Show this morning .  Pair clashed on live TV , with the men trying to laugh about it .  Mr Milband laughed off the attack , saying : ` Come on Boris , you ' re better than that `  Tories accused of ` descending into the gutter ' for saying he may ` stab the country in the back
John R . Lind , 34 , admitted on Thursday to tainting Pat Maahs ` drink with his semen .  They worked together at Beisswenger 's hardware store in New Brighton , Minnesota .  He masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away .  Lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure and will be sentenced on May 22 .
Livingston face Alloa at McDiarmid Park in the Petrofac Cup on Sunday .  Livingston boss Mark Burchill believes Darren Cole will play for his side .  23-year-old was granted time off by the Championship side as they prepare to play Alloa .  Shaun Cole , 22 , was found dead in a Miami street last weekend .  He is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver .
Leo Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona against Almeria at the Nou Camp .  Luis Suarez doubled Barcelona 's lead with a left-footed strike .  Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75minutes .
A series of thought-provoking clothing labels have been photographed in a bid to raise awareness of the plight of those toiling in sweatshops around the world .  The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from .  Teaming up with the advertsiing agency Rethink , the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic
Chris Gayle will be hoping to win Royal Challengers Bangalore 's first-ever IPL crown .  The 35-year-old is currently in India ahead of this year 's IPL tournament .  Gayle posted a picture of Instagram picture of himself behind the DJ decks .  The Challengers travel to the Kolkata Knight Riders on Saturday .
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez scored for the Gunners .  Garath McCleary equalised for Reading in the first half .  But Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead .  The result was the first time Reading have won a FA Cup since 1927 .  Steve Clarke 's side are now fourth in the Premier
Mikki Nicholson , a national Scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train on November 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse .  The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle , where she hoped people would be more accepting .  But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her housing .  Ms Nicholson was born male but
Five-month-old Elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- .  Born strong , he 's now ` very floppy ' , and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday .  His parents have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away .  The family are planning to show him as much of the world as
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the Grand Garden Arena on May 2 .  Tickets for the fight will be on sale at 8pm on Thursday .  As many as 50,000 tickets will be available to watch the fight via closed-circuit television .
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae , which landed on comet 67P in November , show the comet 's core is n't magnetised .  Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation .  The team led by Hans-Ulrich Auster at the Technical University of Braunschweig , Germany , said
Ben Sunderman , 19 , was one of 12 students with special needs who earned a spot on a special education internship with Embassy Suites in Texas last week .  During the three-minute video posted onto Facebook by Ben 's dad , Scott , he ticked a goal of getting a job off his list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video .  As Ben
The victim , who has not been identified , was spearfishing off Jupiter Inlet , a hot spot for fishing .  Bull sharks are common near the coast , particularly in Florida , with a preference for water less than 100 feet .
Andrew Steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife , 39-year-old Ashlee Steele , and her sister , Kacee Tollefsbol , of Lake Elmo , Minnesota , last August .  A forensic psychiatrist testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional .  Steele , a former Dane
Edward Fride is the pastor at Christ the King church in Ann Arbor , Michigan .  He suggested parishioners attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license .  He warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant there had been a ` reduction in the availability of an armed police response '  His letter was called ` We ' re not in Mayberry Anymore ,
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride , joy , and slightly disturbing obsession , of Lagerfeld -- or ` Daddy ' as he calls himself when talking to his pet .  She is so famous she has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram , boasts a Wikipedia entry and does n't get out of her bed for less than a million quid .  Her
Olivier Rousteing , 29 , recruited the loved-up couple for his Army Of Lovers campaign .  Says they are ` among the most talked-about people ' and embody the idea of a modern family .  Couple have a 22-month-old daughter North .
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence .  The 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks and was eventually arrested in November .  He taunted officers by taking selfies outside the force 's headquarters .  The father of one even flashed his genitals outside one of them .  He was wanted for breaking a non-molestation order against his ex-girlfriend .  He was jailed for
Letters show Brooke was ` promiscuous even for a man of his time '  Hollywood star Cathleen Nesbitt , artist Phyllis Gardner and Laurence Olivier 's cousin Noël were among the women who had affairs with the poet .  They are part of the John Schroder collection , which was bought by King 's College , Cambridge , where the poet was a student .  Letters were brought to light
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography .  He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place .  If porn websites fail to comply , they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties .  Ministers persuaded internet service providers to start contacting all
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta have been accused of disrespecting disabled veterans during a charity weekend in Panama City on April 17 .  Allegedly spitting on them , shouting verbal abuse and urinating on the American flag during the Warrior Beach Retreat .  The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a
New I ` m A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! theme park opens in Surrey .  New Bush Tucker Trials invite young and old ` non-celebrities '  Guests can climb through ` Pipe of Peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves .  The new attraction has been visited by actors Angela Griffin and Tamzin Outhwaite .  Boxer David Haye , Katie Price and Made In Chelsea
The broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC 's rugby league coverage to Crufts .  She said it was ` exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay .  The 44-year-old married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year .
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their poor campaign .  Liverpool are set for a third trophyless season after they were knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa .
Michael Brown 's parents , Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr . , filed the complaint at the St . Louis County Courthouse on Thursday .  The lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ` that demean , disregard , or underserve its African-American population '  The civil lawsuit names
Daniel Morcombe 's killer could get out of prison early due to an email from a child protection worker that a ` smiley face '  Brett Peter Cowan received a life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager 's body in 2003 .  Daniel 's parents desperately searched for their son for almost eight years before Cowan 's arrest .  Chief Justice Tim Carmody is
Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April .  He will spend his time in Canberra , Sydney , Darwin and Perth .  On arrival , he will pay his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier .  Harry will then report to Australia 's defence chief for duty .  He will then travel to Africa to work on charitable projects before returning to the
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the west London derby on Sunday .  Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter .  The incident happened as Chelsea celebrated the winning goal at Loftus Road .  QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident .
Support for the Greens rose steadily over two years , and peaked at 28 per cent in February .  But since then it has dropped to only 15 per cent , according to YouthSight .  Since September , the proportion of students who dislike Green leader Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent .  Labour has been the main beneficiary , with 35 per cent now saying they will
Sudan , 43 , is the last remaining northern white rhino in the world .  He is now under 24-hour armed guard in a desperate final bid to save the species .  Keepers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pojeta in fear for his safety .  They have even cut off the rhino 's horn-but they fear it wo n't be enough .  Sudan was moved , along with two
The Revered Al Sharpton delivered a sermon at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church in South Carolina on Sunday .  He gave credit to Mayor Keith Summey for firing Michael Slager , the officer who killed Scott .  Sharpton is expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the shooting on Sunday afternoon .  The civil rights leader denied Scott 's family barred him from attending his funeral on Saturday
Snowboarder filmed himself on a mountain in Japan using a selfie stick .  He appears to make a success of the video and adjusts his camera .  But as he adjusts the camera , he is oblivious to the chairlift swinging into view behind .  The empty chairlift clatters the snowboarder over the head .
Patricia Ebel , 49 , was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black BMW into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples , Florida .  Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff 's Deputies .  Ebel is facing DUI charges including driving with a . 15-or-greater blood alcohol content
Lint-free , tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many situations .  They are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home .  They are perfect for catching oily sediment from your cup of Java .  FEMAIL has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers .  They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks .
The 45-year-old co-host has released his first home video on YouTube .  The amusing but mind-numbing film-which lasts for ten minutes-begins with Hammond lying on a wall shouting ` bored ' to himself and his dog .  It follows him as he drives along the M6 listening to radio , with his dog in the car .  It follows Hammond as he takes his dog to Buttermere in the Lake
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 .  C.J. . Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 .  Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101 .  Boston Celtics edged Toronto Raptors 95-93 .
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts .  She can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs and ` has no vision at all without her glasses '  Abby 's mother Amanda was outraged after finding out other children at her school were allowed to wear their glasses for the photographs , she felt her daughter
Police in Troy , Alabama , found the footage on a cell phone .  Hundreds of people are seen watching without attempting to intervene .  One man is heard in the clip saying , ` she is n't going to know , ' before putting his hand inside her bikini bottoms .  Delone ` Martistee , 22 , and Ryan Austin Calhoun , 23 , have been arrested .  Bay
Sabino Matera issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife .  Jessica Bialek , 37 , was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning , around 8.30 am .  The mother-of-one was on the way to the bank at 8.30 am .  Police have confirmed she was home after police launched an investigation .  She has been speaking with police about her disappearance
Marc Tierney is set to announce his retirement on Thursday .  The left-back fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013 .  Tierney joined Bolton from Norwich in 2010 .
Colin Shearing , 70 , failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced .  He was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail .  But he crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation in Paris .  He then moved to a second and third hotel to evade police .  Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 in their Champions League clash .  Luis Suarez scored twice to give the Catalans the lead .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic missed the game through suspension .  Edinson Cavani failed to deliver the goods for PSG .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone .  They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation .  This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars .  However , further research is needed to confirm that is the case .  The findings were made using Nasa 's orbiting Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer -LRB- Wise -RRB- telescope .  This telescope is used in
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern three-bedroom home .  The home , dubbed ` PV14 , ' also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and has a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and downtown Dallas .  Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that built his home and thus
Louise Henderson Alakil , 49 , moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago .  She worked as a teacher at the International School in Sanaa .  She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home with her youngest children .  Miriam , 11 , and Ayesha , nine , are currently living in fear in their basement .  Britons have been advised to book commercial flights
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor , Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of cash .  He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and , realizing it was a sizable sum , they contacted the police department .  The money belonged to Ou Chen , who lost the money as he cleared snow off his car last
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday .  Mark Hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for Asmir Begovic .  The Bosnian has attracted interest from several top clubs , including Real Madrid .  Hughes says he is hopeful of keeping the Bosnian at the club .
Employing cheap labour from Asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage in Australia .  Extending au pairs on working holiday visas to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option .  Foreign nannies paid as little as $ 250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare , says Labor Opposition
Kellie Maloney , 61 , had final sex change surgery last week .  She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days but has been released four days early .  She was seen leaving private Nuffield Heath hospital in Brighton .  It was also the international Transgender Day of Visibility .  She tweeted : ` I am proud to be the woman I should ' ve always been `
Photographer John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in England , major US cities , and sandy beaches in Australia .  He first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography .  For his panoramic images he uses a Linhof Technorama 617s III , ` his website says .  He also used a 50 megapixel digital Hasselblad and a
Ramiul Sheikh , 50 , was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal in the Murshidabad district of India .
A new report has shown that truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs .  156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria 's roads in the past year alone .  It was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice .  One truck driver filmed himself lighting up a pipe filled with methamphetamine and
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when Castleford Tigers visit struggling Warrington on Easter Monday .  The England hooker left the Tigers at the end of last season and has kept a close eye on events at his old club .  ` I ' m not too sure what the reception for me will be , I 'll have to wait and
Kathryn Beale , 41 , is part of a cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers .  She whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits .  Mothers have reported powerful healing properties , saying that eating their own placenta has helped to increase their milk supply , reduce post-natal bleeding and stabilise blood pressure .  Swindon Council is
Gizelle Laurente had booked her son , Jacob Prien , on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane to spend Easter with his father and younger brother .  But she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline 's unaccompanied minors service .  Ms Laurente said the captain of the flight came to meet Jacob at the boarding gate .  She told the captain her son
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have allegedly been butchered on bile farms in Vietnam in the past year .  Up to four bears have been killed in one day on some farms .  The ` moon bears ' are being sold for # 625 a bear and smuggled to China for use in traditional medicine , sources told MailOnline .  Officials want the remaining animals to be taken to
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls , Texas , on Sunday night .  Wichita Falls officials first said that the pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main , 13,000-foot runway .  But on Tuesday , city aviation director John Burrus said that Sheppard Air Force Base , which shares the
John Pat Cunningham was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb , County Armagh .  A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England .  He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning at the police 's Serious Crime Suite in Antrim .  Mr Cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Gabriel Agbonlahor missed the game due to a hamstring injury .  The 28-year-old posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer .  He will be hoping to return to action against Manchester City on Saturday .
Jobless Keith MacDonald has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers .  He is said to have already cost the taxpayer over # 2million .  The 29-year-old from Sunderland has 15 children by the age of 30 .  He was set to become a father for the 16th time but has revealed he 's split from the child 's mother .  MacDonald says he gets most of his
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on May 2 .  The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $ 400m -LRB- # 273m -RRB- .  Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are frontrunners for the fight .  Pacweao 's trainer Freddie Roach has previously pleaded for a referee who will provide a fair fight for both boxers .
Lowenbrau Keller , in Sydney 's The Rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ` Wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins .  The campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` Make Mein A Dubbel ' , sparking outrage from Collective Shout
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday .  Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy 's winner .  Hazard believes Chelsea have the title in their hands .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera .  They will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or M13 .  They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .  The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison
Gregory van der Wiel says he 's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain in the summer .  The full back was dropped for the Champions League clash against Chelsea .  The Dutchman has reiterated his ` love ' for the Ligue 1 club .  Van Der Wiel has been linked with a move to Barcelona 's Dani Alves .  CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news .
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City in the 86th minute .  It was enough to give the Foxes a 3-1 win against West Ham .  King says his goal could prove to be his most important for the club .  The 26-year-old says the momentum they are taking into the final eight matches of the season could be enough to propel them above the drop zone .
Artist 's impression shows how a custom-built Boeing 747-8 has been converted into a luxury home for a mystery tycoon .  The jumbo jet is one of the most luxurious private planes ever built , with a price tag of # 400million .
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for # 2.3 million in January .  The 16-year-old has trained with Carlo Ancelotti 's first team regularly .  The Norwegian wonderkid has found life tough at the Spanish giants .  He was dropped by Zinedine Zidane from Castilla earlier this month .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Maickel Melamed , 39 , has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk .  He crossed the finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold .  The Venezuelan athlete , who has completed four other marathons , said Boston 's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24 , but his physical trainers found a way to keep him
Pep Guardiola says his team 's injury situation is ` critical , very critical '  Medhi Benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury .  Wingers Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery are also out .  Bastian Schweinsteiger , David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined .  Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title .
Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset .  He said parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education .  Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child .  He warned that while parents naturally wanted the best for their children , such interference could end up hindering their natural development .
Marv the cat got stuck in a five inch gap in two garages in Hanham , Bristol .  RSPCA were called and they were unable to coax the cat out of the gap .  Firefighters had to tunnel through a brick wall with a chisel to free Marv .  Marv was eventually reunited with his owner 's daughters Tilly and Bella .  Owner Brendon Veale said : ` We do
The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens ` mounting debt has topped # 40m -- the most in rugby history .  The club now owe # 41.6 m , according to new filings at Companies House , much of it funded by an unsecured loan from long-standing benefactor Wray and a consortium of South African business associates .  A move by Saracens last December to scrap the salary cap drew
A power outage temporarily blackened Washington , D.C. . this afternoon , disrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators .  The outage ` briefly had an impact on the White house complex ' but it was ` back on the regular power source ' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later .  Several Smithsonian museums were affected
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose for the camera .  As the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there .  ` Daddy ! ' Joshua exclaims , as he runs towards
Perth Glory were found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the past three years .  The A-League club were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table .  The club have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA 's verdict .  If that falls flat , Glory will go through the FFA .  appeals process in a bid to either
Rony John , 15 , died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford , Cambridgeshire .  He was unable to swim and his friends desperately tried to rescue him .  But he was swept away by the current and would have died within four minutes .  His headteacher said he had been eligible for six 30-minute lessons a year .  But he had also been excused after taking
Mark Hawkins , 49 , was holed up in Greyhound-style bus in Salem , Oregon .  Had barricaded himself in vehicle after being approached by police .  Seconds later , he allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle .  Bullet struck police dog named Baco in head , prompting exchange of gunfire .  Hawkins was wanted in Lane County for failing to appear on charge of controlled substance .  SWAT
Celtic beat bottom side St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night .  The Hoops are now eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership .  Johansen believes his side 's title prospects ` look great '  Ronny Deila 's side have only lost one league game this year .
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point , Maine , have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents .  I Am Jazz is a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender .  One unnamed mom was
Dias Costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders .  They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood .  The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba .
Nearly 9,000 reports of child sex abuse filed in 2014 .  Figures revealed in the wake of Operation Yewtree and Rotherham scandal .  Only 74 cases were reported to the force in 2011,501 were investigated in 2014 .  Despite a surge in reports , the number of arrests fell by nine per cent .  Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the ratio of reported crimes to arrests as a `
Tara and Gavin Hills , from Kanata , Canada , have been anti-vaxxers for six years .  After hearing of a massive measles outbreak at Disneyland earlier this year , they started looking at information from government agencies and reputable health organizations .  The Hills ` three eldest children were partially vaccinated , but the four youngest got no shots at all , leaving them vulnerable .  Mrs Hills wrote
Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S , Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy , Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said .  Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $ 6 billion and promise an additional $ 5 billion in factory expansions .  He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years , or until Tesla
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem .  The eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a No . 1 U.S. . hit for four weeks in 1972 .  McLean , 69 , a longtime Maine resident , says writing the song was ` a mystical trip into his past '
Conrad Clitheroe , 54 , Gary Cooper , 45 , and ex-pat friend Neil Munro were arrested by police .  They were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport .  They were taken to a police station and , despite being told they would not be detained , were put into prison .  Mr Clithersoe 's wife Valerie had written to David Cameron to ask him to
David Luiz limped off after 35 minutes of Paris Saint-Germain 's 3-2 win over Marseille .  The Brazilian defender suffered an injjury to his left leg .  Luiz could be a doubt for PSG 's Champions League clash with Barcelona .
Dr Martin Luther King Jnr was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis , Tennessee .  He was followed by the assassination of Robert Kennedy and JFK in 1978 .  Author Stuart Wexler said that the FBI chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth .  He said that
Kevin Mirallas was one of Everton 's top performers in the first half of the campaign .  Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Mirallas over his future at the end of the season .  He admits he wants to keep loanee Aaron Lenon at Goodison Park .  The Belgian attacker has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League .  Everton face Swansea City in the
Marissa Holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at Popeyes in Channelview , Texas , on March 31 .  A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter .  The robber managed to get $ 400 cash from the till , which Popeyes said was too much money
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week .  A number of flights were cancelled and schools were forced to close .  The orange cloud engulfs the road and nearby buildings .
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $ 400million in his career .  The undefeated boxer has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years .  He recently referred to two of his three Bugatti 's as ` cheap '  He also has a private jet worth # 30m and a Rolls Royce Ghost .  Reports last year suggested he spent $ 500,000 on jewellery during a New York shopping
Gigi Hadid , 19 , credits Kendall Jenner for helping her deal with haters .  Says Kendall has a ` good sense of when to stand up on social media -RSB- and when to back off '  Also believes Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona .  Says she lets her personality really shine in her Instagram `
New Balance struck a record-breaking # 300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool 's suppliers .  Raheem Sterling , Daniel Sturridge , Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans at Anfield on Friday .  The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand .  The 20-year-old has two years left to run on his Liverpool contract .  Sterling
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in 1677 .  He took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg .  He then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days .  On the seventh day , he removed 80 eggs but no young lice .
Nathaniel Clyne is stalling over a new contract at Southampton .  The England right-back is yet to agree fresh terms at St Mary 's .  Manchester United , Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old .
Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew his feud with Ben Stokes but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated .  Joe Root was left stranded on 182 not out after a stunning display of batting .  Jimmy Anderson had left Joe Root stranded with one of the doziest pieces of cricket imaginable as England threw away their chance of reaching 500 .  Kraigg Brathwaite
The ` kick and kill ' strategy aims to eradicate the virus by stimulating the immune system with a vaccine .  The injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical ` kick ' , allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells .  The theory , developed by researchers at UCL , Oxford and North Carolina , is based on a
Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs -- reducing the number to 22 .  Move is latest evidence of how supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices .  Shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in ` shrinkflation '  In most cases , the price remains the same when the amount in the pack is cut .  Burton 's Biscuit
Between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. . fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people .  New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities .
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a deadly earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday , killing more than 3,700 people .  The 33-year-old Google engineer was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition .  It is n't known whether he got a chance to read them .  His friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in his memory ,
Owners in Huddersfield , West Yorkshire , began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn .  They are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal .  Neighbours have also reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and architrave , loose fence panels and collapsed pipe under street .  Family homes in Lindley area of Huddersfield
Alan Davey laid bare difficulties of BBC Radio 3 's top job in interview .  He was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge .  Mr Davey said : ` It 's not lowering the standard ... it 's about how we present it '  He added : ` I believe there are different ways to draw people into music '  The station has been accused of ` dumbing
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived .  However , this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant-with triplets .  While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly , Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator .  The baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5 lbs but they ` re set
Cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 U.S. . states and 80 countries .  It is located next to the University of Central Florida in Orlando , Florida .  The new site is just yards from one of the country 's biggest universities .  Cryos is looking for donors aged up to 39 , and over 5ft 9in tall .  Donations can be made anonymously , but the company encourages
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday .  Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate Julen Lopetegui for Porto 's brand of football .  The German champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of Europe 's elite competition .  Arjen Robben , David Alaba , Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger are among those sidelined .  Porto have been boosted by the return of
Ermias Ghermay , 34 , thought to have made # 72m from smuggling migrants .  Mered Medhanie , also known as The General , is said to have boasted about overloading migrants ` ships .  The pair are among several millionaire people wanted in connection with human smuggling ring .  They are believed to be living undisturbed in Tripoli , exploiting lawlessness in Libya .  Ghermany is wanted on an
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades .  She opened The Zhai Clinic in London in 1996 .  She 's invited BBC cameras inside the clinic to reveal her secrets .  Dr Zhai 's methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs which must be taken day and night .  One of them was advertising director Jane Parker 's son Rupert .  He was
Hannover lost 4-0 to Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday .  Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by the club after 13 games without a win .  Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor .  The 51-year-old has five games left to avoid relegation .
Sgt . George Hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 , committed suicide Thursday morning .  He barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am .  The officer 's wife made the call , which was listed as a domestic dispute .
Xiao Zhengti , five , was born with congenital liver disease called biliary atresia .  His mother Yang Haiying donated a portion of her liver to try and save him .  But the boy 's body rejected the organ , leading to repeated trips to hospital .  Father Xiao Kunqing was also found to be a match for the boy , but surgeons warned against a second operation , saying
Brooke Shedd , 26 , and Jane Shalakhova , 25 , appeared on This Morning .  They say they do not ` share ' Adam but are in a ` unique ' situation .  Say they are as much in love with each other as they are with him .  They will raise the boys in Los Angeles with Russian-born Jane .  The trio all live together and share a
The New Jersey native bought the 7,500-square-foot apartment in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit .  The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms , five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens .  floor to ceiling windows offer panoramic views of the city , and 11-ft high ceilings make the interior open and filled with light .  three large ,
Tony Pulis insists West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on .  Peace is open to offers for the Baggies and is understood to want between # 150million and # 200million for the club .  There is interest from groups from America , Australia and China with Peace setting a June deadline to seal any deal .  The Baromies are currently fighting
Olivia Palermo , who found fame on reality TV show The City , has teamed up with luxury British brand Aspinal of London to design a limited edition Marylebone tote .  The ` Tech Tote ' , a fusion of technology and style , comes with a built in phone / tablet charger .  All of the profits of the sale of this handbag go to ADCAM , a charity
Belle Gibson 's interview will be published in the latest edition of the Australian Women 's Weekly .  The wellness blogger said she was not seeking forgiveness .  Ms Gibson said she feared for her family 's safety .  Her business empire in tatters and her relationship with the truth was broken .  She said : ` I do n't want forgiveness . I just think -LRB- it -RRB- was
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history .  It will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River , and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the
Michael Olsen , 52 , was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson .  He abandoned his car in middle of road after ploughing into traffic island .  He initially ignored officers who were pursuing him but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson 's head .  When PC Bird lunged at Olsen in a bid to save his colleague he felt
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear 's home in McIntyre , Georgia , where Mama June 's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom .  Since then Billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts .  The family 's popular reality show , Here Comes Honey Boo Boo , was cancelled by TLC after photos emerged of Shannon
Mike Ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of fans .  Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club 's last game , a 3-1 defeat by Tottenham at St James ` Park on Sunday .  Unofficial estimates have put the actual attendance for the game at significantly lower than 47,000 , although some have seemed wildly optimistic .  Fans are calling for a repeat when Swansea head
Almost half of 1,000 British companies said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight .  Among the reasons given were that overweight workers ` are unable to play a full role in the business ' , ` they ' re lazy ` , and ' they would n't be able to do the job required `  Findings come in the wake
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality .  The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer over the head with a bottle .  She was leaving Brisbane 's City Watch House after failing to appear on April 7 .  Police found the videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog .  She was charged with trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug .  She will
Nike 's new kits will be worn by the US women 's team at this summer 's World Cup .  They feature an all white strip with hints of black and yellow .  The aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament .  Nike has been forced to defend its colour decision , saying ` Not every team pays homage to the flag '
Manchester United had no realistic chance of signing Thiago Alcantara .  David Moyes was n't keen on the transfer - ` not his type ' said a club source-was probably an early indication that he was ` t the right fit for United .  United 's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout Moyes ` short time at the club .  Michael Carrick fully recovered from injury
Hannah Campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture .  She was fighting for her life in intensive care and feared she would not be there to help Lexi-River blow out the candles on her cake .  As she struggled to recover , her relationship broke down with long-term partner Anthony McMorrow .  He proposed to her on Valentine 's Day last
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child in coming days .  She already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole .  Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways a mother can cope with caring for two children under two .  These include avoiding a double buggy , buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific
Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid .  The deal was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday .  Chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow the club 's brand in Asia .
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 -LRB- 5 -RRB- , 6-2 in Fed Cup playoff in Italy .  Top-ranked US No 1 beats Italy 's Flavia Pennetta .  USA lead 1-0 in Italy in a best-of-five series in Brindisi .
Threat to force Nato out of countries bordering Russia is thought to be imminent .  Putin will consider any attempt to return Crimea to Ukraine as declaration of war .  He will take any necessary step-including using nuclear weapons-to retain control .  Kremlin said to have issued ` spectrum of responses from nuclear to non-military '  Suggested Russia is prepared to respond with force to build up of Nato defence
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool 's Day .  It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero .  Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the Button .  When they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair '  This colour represents the time period at which they clicked
Sean Dyche insists his Burnley players wo n't ever dive or cheat under him .  The Clarets are second from bottom with just six games remaining .  They are only two points from a safe position and have earned many plaudits .  Burnley are fighting for their lives at the bottom of the Premier League .  But he says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has
Karen Catherall , 45 , was strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys in September last year .  She had been drinking in the pub with Jeffreys , 47 , when he followed her home .  He did n't call paramedics the following morning , claiming he thought she was sleeping .  He was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in February for her murder .  Police
Labour 's shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed .  Mr Balls said : ` The answer ... the answer is 42 ' , before adding : ` It 's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions , so that 's the last one I ' m going to answer `  He was asked to work out the multiplication at the Q
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla in La Liga .  Marca and AS keen to play up to fact Real Madrid are two points behind .  Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 in Italy .  Lazio and Roma are locked in a battle for automatic qualification .
NBC sketch show parodied CNN Newsroom , which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering .  But they managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the Germanwings crash , U.S. . - Iran diplomacy , and domestic politics .  It was apparently inspired by a much-derided , clunky animation of a man hammering on a cockpit
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 2-1 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns .  Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for the hosts with a 25-yard strike .  Bobby Zamora doubled the lead in the 84th minute with an astounding lob from a narrow angle .  Charlie Austin scored his second goal of the game on the 35th minute to put QPR 3-0 up at half-time .  Tony Pulis
Graeme Whipps captured the incredible image above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday .  The Lyrid meteor shower has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe , but is most visible in the northern hemisphere .  The annual celestial event is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour .
Secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of the Enola Gay bomber .  Captain Robert Lewis wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounted : ` My God , what have we done ? How many did we kill ? '  He wrote : ` If I live a hundred years I 'll never get those few minutes out of my mind '  They are among a
Joanna Goodall forged refund receipts and took the money for herself .  The 30-year-old mother , who is pregnant , admitted the thefts .  She was given a nine-month suspended sentence at Newcastle Crown Court .  She was ordered to pay back just # 1 under the Proceeds of Crime Act .
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for Puma .  The pair battle it out in a cage style match at Old Trafford .  The Red Devils take on Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side were beaten 2-1 by Crystal Palace on Monday .  United have hit form at the right time and are looking to secure a Champions League
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders .  His mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for raising him for the last 18 years ` after he was drafted .  He discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money : Stay Rich .  He said he followed the ` unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire ' rule and instead bought his
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 .  The 19-year-old hopes Ronald Koeman impressed him .  Gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since Koeman 's arrival .
Lily Sharp convinced her mother that she had allowed a stranger to enter their home .  She then took the prank a step further by pretending to her panicked mum that the intruder had her phone .  She then pretended that the kidnapper would require # 4000 for her return .  After her mother reveals that she is sending the police round Lily reveals that it was all a trick
The Loose Women panellist said she was ` hounded on Twitter ' after airing views .  Said she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 .  ` Of course I do n't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops , ' the 34-year-old said .  ` I was referring to extreme sizing , I was refers to health and how we should all participate in helping
Dick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying at Sunderland beyond the end of the season .  The 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats .  He celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over Newcastle last weekend .  That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three .  The Dutchman has given his players a five-match survival target .  The Black Cats
The video shows how Angelo West , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan , 34 , under the eye at close range .  West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street .  The video , captured from the surveillance camera of a nearby store , shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the
Olivia Grant has always had a love affair with Thailand .  She went to Koh Phangan , an island off Ko Samui , and did a week-long meditation and yoga course .  She was staying at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort , which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out Enya , and each with their own saltwater private infinity pool .  The villa co-ordinator
Chelsea have opened talks with Patrick Bamford over a new deal .  The 21-year-old is currently on loan at Middlesbrough for the season .  He has scored 17 goals in Boro 's push for promotion from the Championship .  He has spent two loan spells at MK Dons , Derby and Derby .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Tracey Taylor , 34 , caused more than # 13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars .  The jilted florist smashed the paintwork with a key and smashed the windscreen with a rock .  Earlier that day she had attacked her ex-fiance and his girlfriend .  She punched him on the ear and pulled her hair after barging her way into her home in Ratby , Leics .  Two
Two chimpanzees are the first animals in history to be granted the same rights as human prisoners .  Lawsuits were filed by the Nonhuman Rights Project in December 2013 , in an attempt to free Hercules and Leo and two other chimps living on private property .  A Stony Brook representative has been ordered to appear in court next month to respond the petition .
Stefan Stoykov , a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis , Indiana , moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of English .  Now 18 , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet .  Brown , Columbia , Cornell , Dartmouth , Harvard , Penn , Yale and Princeton have all come knocking
Deanna Rudison , 55 , charged with aggravated battery after allegedly dousing two Cohen High School students with bleach .  The incident took place Monday morning at Quick Stop gas station in New Orleans .  The mother 's son , 27 , has been named a person of interest in the attack .
Kibulu the African lion cub was fostered by Zambi Wildlife Retreat in Western Sydney .  He was just three weeks old when he met Donna Wilson at the centre .  He has slept most nights in the centre 's bed with ` Teddy '  He is one of 23 lions in Donna 's care at the retreat , a sanctuary for retired , old , injured and homeless animals .
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra .  He laughed and joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives .  ` The people 's Prince ' continued to show off his playful side , high-fiving a young boy who was waiting behind a barricade .  Harry is in Australia to report for official military duty but enjoyed his interaction with excited
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday .  Ryan Taylor scored a superb free-kick against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light .  The 30-year-old came through the ranks at Tranmere and made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries .  Taylor 's current contract at St James ` Park is set to expire this summer .  He would like to remain on
Warning for tsunami as big as one metre -LRB- three feet -RRB- cancelled .  Tsunami could hit several islands in the southern Okinawa chain .  Quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest near Taiwan .  Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital .  Live footage from coastal cameras showed sea levels had apparently not risen in several harbours within the warning
Lisa Courtney , of Hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia .  The 26-year-old holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection .  Her obsession started when she saw a picture of Pikachu in a Nintendo magazine .  Lisa 's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her collection .  The devoted fan even travelled to Japan
South Carolina Republican Rep . Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18 .  It is necessary to call Clinton to appear twice ` because the committee needs to ensure we have a complete and responsive record and all the facts before we then substantively question her on the Benghazi terror attacks '  The GOP-led panel said its final report
Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on boy named only as Shiva .  Alleged beating was so severe the child complained of a severe stomach ache .  By the time Shiva got to hospital his condition deteriorated and he was declared dead .  Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder .
Remmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion .  But when the piercing became inflamed , she was forced to remove the bar .  The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar .  ` It looks like I have a bit of chewing gum stuck on my ear . You just want to flick it off
Chelsea agreed a # 200million sponsorship deal with tyre manufacturer Yokohama Rubber in February .  FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer .  Jose Mourinho admits that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy .  The 22-year-old has scored three goals in four games so far this season .  Muto
The offensive image has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia .  The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. .  University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences .  Last year the World Health Organisation said the number
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown presented an online science show .  They discuss how being the first , middle , youngest , or an only child affects us .  First-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers .  Middle children tend to be co-operative , flexible and sociable .  They are also the birth order that are able to make and maintain friendships easily .  This is
Sweet Cakes by Melissa , in the Portland suburb of Gresham , Oregon , has been ordered to pay $ 135,000 to Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel .  The couple , who held a commitment ceremony in June 2013 , disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons .  Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron were able to raise more than $ 100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page
Social media has been flooded with images of Anzac Day services across Australia .  Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney , while more paid their respects in Queensland 's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta .  Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne 's Shrine of Remembrance , despite cold and wet conditions .  Large groups gathered elsewhere around the country , with some leaving home
Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service .  The 62-year-old from Alderney has been suspended from treating patients .  Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the family doctor when they died .  Death from pneumonia of Karen , 52 , in January prompted the investigation .  Investigation then uncovered three more deaths of concern -- including that of retired stonemason Colin , 63 ,
Andrea Lindsay , 43 , from Prescot , Merseyside , shed more than three stone .  Mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year .  She hit her target weight in December 2014 , shrinking from 14st to around 10st 5lb .  Her husband 's colleagues thought she had traded his wife in for a younger model .  After losing the weight
Harry Kane was the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days .  Mauricio Pochettino 's side looked to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool 's defeat at Turf Moor .  The Spurs boss 's men are now in the hunt for a place in the Champions League .  The 21-year-old striker failed to hit
Cracks in the structure of the West Stand were spotted on Tuesday morning .  Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday .  The next qualifier for Michael O ` Neill 's side is against Romania on June 13 .  Club matches are scheduled to be played at Windsor Park before then .
Arsenal face Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday .  Olivier Giroud selects Coldplay 's ` Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall '  Nacho Monreal opts for David Guetta 's lead single from his sixth album ` Dangerous '  Santi Cazorla selects LL Cool J 's 1996 summer hip-hop tune .  Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , Calum Chambers , Danny Welbeck , Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest players on the
Neil Tuckett , from Buckinghamshire , is selling Henry Ford 's Model T every week .  The businessman is selling one every week , including to the TV and film industry .  Mr Tuckett says his customers love the Model T because they do n't require need road tax or a MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car .  He has customers who use them as wedding
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids .  The 25-year-old had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011 .
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC ` Globe ' centre in Kiev , Ukraine .  His friend Jamal Maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps .  Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers , both 17 , after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge
Thomas Jordan Driver , 25 , David Elliot Moran , 47 , and Charles Thomas Newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder .  The KKK men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said .  The three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
Thousands of holidaymakers caught up in passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation .  At the same time , managers at the passport agency received up to # 3,500 in bonuses .  Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through .
Former England team director Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB .  This has led to speculation that Flower 's continuing role on ECB staff would conflict with the job description of the new appointment .  Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot in the England side .  The ECB 's hopeless media team could
Bridget Olinda Garcia , 32 , had confiscated her 13-year-old 's mobile phone .  She was preparing to leave their home in Port St . Lucie , Florida , following a ` brief altercation '  Garcia allegedly drove 200ft with her son on the hood of her car .  She is charged with child abuse for the incident .
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium -LRB- Saturday , 12.45 pm -RRB- .  Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on knee injury .  Mikel Arteta , Mathieu Debuchy , Abou Diaby and Jack Wilshere will be assessed .  Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face the Gunners .  Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions .  Liverpool have won just one
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from Twitter last week .  Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists terrorising Middle East .  Twitter has confirmed the cull was prompted by ` large number of reports '  This is a reference to the ` Operation Anti-ISIS ' campaign launched by online ` hacktavist ' collective Anonymous .  Last month it was revealed that web-savvy militants could control as
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League table .  Manuel Pellegrini is the favourite to be the next managerial casualty .  But the Chilean has been linked with a move to Borussia Dortmund .  Gary Neville believes keeping faith in the Chilean would bring stability to the Etihad Stadium .  The Sky Sports pundit says only minor changes need to be made .  City have won just four
St Patrick 's Parish in Stephensville , Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years .  Global Conservation Group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs .  It garnered more than 80,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event .  The church said in a statement that the pigs were ` punched in the face ,
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent .  In Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes .  In Essex and Kent , crime victims are waiting up to a third longer .  Labour 's Yvette Cooper claimed the victims of crime are being put at risk .  The number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen
Nigel Farage says he gets an ` unbelievably ' positive welcome when he meets black people .  But he says claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly .  Mr Farage said that when he goes into ` black parts ' of London he gets a warm reception .  Claims the idea that Ukip is racist is based on ` no evidence whatsoever '  He
Dina Nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in photoshoot with Russian fashion label .  Appeared alongside mother and partner Ekaterina Odintsova for shoot .  The young brunette posed in red and white dresses and an outfit with floral design .  Dina 's father was shot dead near the Kremlin on February 27 .  According to sources , he was shot by Chechen separatists .  His brother Anton , 20
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield , West Yorkshire , has publicly revealed support for UKIP .  The pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises .  It is UKIP 's ` Save the Pub ' campaign in the run up to the election .  It has left regular customers stunned and provoked a ` Marmite ' reaction of divided opinions .  One customer said :
Dr Nadeem Azeez , 52 , and fellow anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish , 67 , have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence .  Frances Cappuccini , 30 , died from a haemorrhage hours after giving birth to her second son Giacomo on October 9,2012 .  She had intended to have an elective caesarean at Tunbridge Wells Hospital .  But she and her husband Tom , 35 , reluctantly abandoned
Dashcam footage , shared by dailymotion . com user Vidsking , shows a giant St . Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind .  As the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash .  Once the dog reaches the other side of the road , it makes its way over a muddy verge .  According to the video
Dina Amos-Larkin , 21 , was attending a sports festival in Salou , Spain when she fell .  Law student , from Poole , Dorset , was in medically-induced coma for two weeks .  She was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago .  Authorities initially said fall was a suicide bid but was n't drunk .  GoFundMe page has since been set up to
Michael Essien 's # 75,000 Range Rover Vogue has been stolen from his Surrey home .  Burglars targeted the property , in Cobham where Chelsea 's training ground is based .  The former Chelsea midfielder left the Blues for AC Milan in January 2014 .  Three vehicles , a Mercedes and a BMW , were stolen in the early hours of the morning .
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut .  An hour after take-off , three passengers on the Embraer 175 lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick .  The pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes .  Emergency responders came on board the plane after it made an emergency landing in Buffalo , New York .  A
The 18-month-old boys fell in the water at 9.45 am on Friday in Yuma , Arizona .  They were flown by a U.S. . Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital .  Detectives believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident .
SNP leader proved new style credentials with stunning appearance yesterday .  Looked particularly glamorous on way to BBC 's Andrew Marr Show in fuchsia column dress .  She looked svelte in # 179 knee-length 1940 's-style ` Blitz ' dress by Edinburgh fashion label Totty Rocks .  Miss Sturgeon has been praised recently for her sartorial choices .  She now favours skirt suits that cinch in at the waist and
Everton drew 1-1 with Swansea at the Liberty Stadium .  Seamus Coleman was fouled by home striker Marvin Emnes .  Jonjo Shelvey equalised for Swansea in the 69th minute .  Roberto Martinez said referee Michael Oliver should have used ` common sense ' to rule in favour of the Toffees .  Aaron Lennon 's first-half strike had looked set to give the visitors all three points .  CLICK HERE for
Lisa Colagrossi was returning from covering a house fire in Queens , New York on March 19 when she collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness .  The married mother-of-two 's mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter 's boss Camille Edwards .  Edwards told her : ` I am talking about how you worked my daughter
Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown after jury threw out another Old Bailey case .  She abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials .  Decision sparked ugly blame game as architects of # 20m ` politically-motivated witch hunt ' turned against each other .  Campaigners questioned why CPS was still putting three journalists in dock for same offences .  Three Sun journalists and one former Daily
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha , 24 , would be left disabled .  When she became pregnant with her second child , she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated .  When Patrick was delivered at the same hospital , the same errors were made .  Natasha was diagnosed with severe cerebral palsy and epilepsy at birth .  She was starved of oxygen at birth ,
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the images as the Colima volcano in Mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava .  The 12,400 feet -LRB- 3,800 metre -RRB- high volcano , which first erupted in 1576 , is one of the most active volcanoes in the world .  He spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles into the atmosphere before managing to
Todd Kincannon , 33 , has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month .  An arrest warrant alleges that his wife , Ashely Griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car , ` squeezing it tightly , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle '  Griffith told police he threatened to kill
Over the past 10 years , the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent , with an impressive 400 per cent rise coming from the Vietnamese city formerly known as Saigon .  Hong Kong comes out on top with 15,400 multi-millionsaires calling it home .  New World Wealth study found Hong Kong to be home to the most multiaires , followed by New York City , London
An unidentified concert goer has come under fire for wearing a T-shirt with the words ` Eat Sleep Rape Repeat ' at Coachella on Sunday .  The photo was shared by Jemayel Khawaja , the managing editor for Vice 's music and culture channel Thump .  The distasteful choice of words is thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat , which was released
Tim McNaughton 's body was discovered near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves , near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday .  In February 2012 , Tim was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police .  Posting a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote : ` Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done
Adam Deacon , 32 , allegedly sent abusive tweets to writer Noel Clarke .  ` He -LSB- Deacon -RSB- referred to Mr Clarke as a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career , ' court heard .  ` In some cases they amounted to some death threats ' , court heard .  ` Mr Clarke provided screenshots of the posts to the police , ' he said
Tracey Cox says Gwyneth and Chris ` amicable split is refreshing .  Couple 's split made them ` closer than they ever have been '  They ` re sharing equal custody of their two children .  Do n't criticise their new partner , she says .  She 's said to be supportive of Jennifer Lawrence 's dating choices .
Yaya Toure , Sergio Aguero , Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala wore gloves for derby clash .  City lost for the fourth time in six Premier League matches .  Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini , Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored .
Breathtaking early morning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin , China , by a Russian photographer called Viktoriaa Rogotneva .  A man releases a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp , returning it to the fisherman 's reed raft .  The fishermen quite literally just take the carp right out of the bird 's mouth after the hungry animals return
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick wants to play for many more years .  The 34-year-old says he would n't swap football for anything ... except maybe to be an F1 driver .  Carrick moved to West Ham at the age of 15 , and says it forced him to grow up fast .  The former West Ham and Tottenham star says he 'd like to try his hand behind the
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and husband Bill took a stroll near their Chappaqua , New York , home on Saturday afternoon .  Meanwhile , her two ` Scooby ' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop , where they were also hand washed .  Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire , where she 'll hold a round
Ranette Afonso , 42 , is set to marry Marko Conte , 30 , in October .  They met thanks to a car accident in August 2013 while she was waiting for her husband to return .  She was married at the time of the accident , but her and Marko began dating shortly after her marriage ended .  The pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text
Each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages .  Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws , recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time .  The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year .  It 's estimated
Jake Malone , 60 , met woman calling herself ` RiLi ' on social website 11 months ago .  She contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit .  After turning up at her company 's address , he discovered the office had been closed .  Mr Malone now wanders the streets of the city with a sign bearing her picture .  The pair have
Tim Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this season .  The 21-year-old will return to the club next season on a full-time contract .  The fly-half made 10 appearances during his loan spell .
Mohamed Hamdin , 24 , appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault .  He was charged with groping the crotch of a 15-year-old girl at a concert in Sydney on Australia Day .  Hamdin and the girl were dancing and kissing at the Enmore Theatre , in Sydney 's inner-west , on January 26 .  The Sudanese refugee was granted bail on strict conditions , including that he
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in Sicilian Channel .  Nine bodies were recovered after boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off Libya .  Number of migrants dying in Mediterranean has increased ten-fold this year .
Gerry Sutcliffe does not believe a new inquiry into the Bradford fire is justified .  A new book claims that the fire at Valley Parade was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by the club 's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham , who died in 1995 .  Mr Justice Popplewell ruled the fire was started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated
A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .  Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' said Food Service
Peter Gale was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey two weeks ago .  The 47-year-old was ` inappropriate ' and ` unprofessional '  But investigation has revealed he sent informal emails to sixth form pupil .  Messages were written at night and during the holidays .  Cheam academy has described Mr Gale 's actions as ` serious breach of safeguarding procedures '  But NUT of Teachers appeared
Jack Grealish is renowned for keeping his socks low when he takes to the field .  The Ireland Under 21 international wears children 's shinpads .  He made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday .
Security officers were out in force at Los Angeles International Airport on Saturday .  Officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a terror plot .  The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports .  Officials said the ` known threat ' to LAX was not necessarily related to aviation .
Anthony Mann , 78 , pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility .  He stabbed his wife Janet to death at their home in Nuneaton , Warwickshire .  Mrs Mann , who was suffering from dementia , was unable to go to the toilet alone .  By the middle of 2014 , she was in chronic pain and could not go to toilet alone .  In a statement
The men 's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia .  Unveiled at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Moscow , the brand is called The Army of Russia .  The move comes ahead of a military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two .  It comes as the Russian military
The surrender order was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8,1945 .  It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested .  The WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians .  The order is being auctioned by Bonhams , New York , for # 21,000 .  It told officers to abandon fighting or face the wrath of the
` Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way ' was dumped by Pan Macmillan .  Co-authors Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin have spoken out in defence of the chef 's decision to independently release the book despite being branded with major health warnings .  The cookbook was supposed to be released last month .  One of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth .  The controversial ` Happy
Alan Stubbs says there would have been crowd trouble if he 'd agreed to have his Hibs team form a guard of honour for Hearts in the Edinburgh derby .  Rangers lined up to applaud Hearts on to the Ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago , and Queen of the South and Alloa did the same .  But the Hibs boss insists that the threat
Marc Lee , 28 , was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq , was killed in Ramadi in August 2006 .  His mother Debbie was outraged when General Martin Dempsey wrote off the city as ` not symbolic in any way ' while discussing operations against ISIS .  Lee , from Surprise , Arizona , posted an angry open letter on the website for America 's Mighty Warriors
Vince Cable prides himself on being the Tories ` bogeyman in the Coalition Cabinet .  ` I ' m regularly voted their least popular Cabinet member , ` he says .  Just as David Cameron and George Osborne privately describe Nick Clegg as a ` closet Conservative ' , they regard Cable a closet Labour politician .  Not surprising , since he once was a Labour politician , albeit a
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist .  The 32-year-old has overcome another lengthy injury lay-off .  Adams has no intention of following former Great Britain team-mate Natasha Jonas into retirement .
Marc-Andre ter Stegen has failed to make his La Liga debut for Barcelona .  The German international has been reduced to Champions League appearances .  The 22-year-old arrived at the Nou Camp from German outfit Borussia Monchengladbach in May .
James Robarge , 45 , of Saxtons River , Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife , 42-year-old Kelly .  The couple 's badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in Unity , New Hampshire .  The judge said he took into account the extent to which Robarges went to conceal
The Jenny Packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion , with some on Twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her .  Zeenat Sabvur from the wedding planning website Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses .  Many brides still opt for the traditional white gown .  When Kate Middleton
Former world No 1 Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August .  The openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on Twitter on Thursday night .  Murray married long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday .
Newcastle fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley .  Fans group AshleyOut . com was behind last Sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs .  Fans are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition .  Newcastle announced record profits of # 18.7 million earlier this month .
Nigerian Muslim passenger prayed for his life on dinghy carrying 100 African refugees .  One of the Muslims on board told him to stop , saying : ` Here , we only pray to Allah '  When he refused , 12 Christians were thrown overboard by Muslim refugees .  Migrants are among 10,000 refugees rescued by Italian ships in the past week .  Over 900 making the perilous journey have
The girls were part of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe beauty pageant in Luoyang , in the Henan province of China .  They paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ` test of their composure '  The uneven footpath along the side of the Luanchuan Laojun mountain is only one-metre wide , which did little to ease nerves .  Some models
Sarah Foot 's affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down .  She has now taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk .  The poet Byron called the experience a ` buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion '  The 30-minute dip leaves me exhausted . I ca n't even dive , ` she
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute of the game against Tottenham .  Tim Sherwood 's side were held to a 3-3 draw by Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League on Tuesday .  The former Manchester United striker scored a hat-trick in the first half to give Villa the lead at the end of the first game .  Aston Villa 's Sanchez was sent
Khayree Gay , 31 , was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City , South Carolina .  Gay , who is originally from Feltonville , Pennsylvania , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia .
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year 's Betfred World Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield .  Evans is a 10-time ladies ` world champion who previously competed on the main tour for the 2010-11 season .  She has fallen short in qualifying every year since .  White will face fellow veteran James Wattana in his opener on Saturday .  Davis says he would love to see the
Eve Stratford , 22 , was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home .  Six months later , Lynne Weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway .  She was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next morning .  Both murders were linked in 2006 after matching DNA was discovered .  It appears the motive was sexual-Lynne had been raped ,
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix .  The Mercedes driver was 0.541 secs clear of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg .  Sebastian Vettel was third with Kimi Raikkonen 1.6 secs down on Hamilton .  Valtteri Bottas was fourth with Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat third .  Hamilton is bidding to win his fourth race in China .  The German leads the championship
From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos , could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet ?  One festival goer seemed to have taken a leaf from Kanye West 's recent catwalk show in which he dressed models in clinging nude bodystockings .  Paris Hilton , who strutted around yesterday in a turquoise paint-splattered maxi-dress ,
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring , with the country predicted to be hotter than Ibiza , Athens and Barcelona tomorrow .  Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off , with balmy conditions set to continue .  Temperatures are predicted to soar to 21C tomorrow , with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the
England bowled St Kitts out for 59 on the first day of their two-day tour match .  Alastair Cook and Ian Bell were both out on 76 for seven .  The Durham fast bowler looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for England .  Wood is probably still a way off getting a first Test cap .  Gary Ballance looked out of
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4 , 7-6 at the Monte Carlo Masters .  The Frenchman hit 22 winners to Federer 's 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner .  The 28-year-old will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-final .
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum -- after years of work .  It has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit .  The fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum .  It has a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture .
Kimi Raikkonen finished second in Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix .  The 2007 world champion is yet to sign a new contract with Ferrari .  Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed he is happy with the Finn 's future .  Hamilton has been linked with a new deal with the Maranello marque .  Raikkeen 's contract expires at the end of the season .  Hamilton is due to negotiate the finer details
48-year-old John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses .  Prosecutors said he diverted just over $ 567,000 from Mystic Pizza 's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members .  They say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income .  The restaurant owner may also be forced

Philippe Coutinho signed from Vasco de Gama for # 8.5 m in 2013 .  The Brazil playmaker made his debut as an 18-year-old .  Ausilio 's side lost patience and decided to sell him .  He has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Season this term .
Kenyan elite troops called in from Nairobi to Garissa to aid in attack .  But they did not arrive until just before 2pm , local media reports .  One of the four gunmen responsible has been identified as a lawyer son of a government official .  ` Fighting terrorism is like being a goalkeeper , ' says foreign minister .
Amy-Beth Ellice , 17 , from Essex started baking at the age of three .  Her first cookbook , Amy 's Baking Year , was published at age 13 .  She has a book deal and plans to become a TV chef .  The keen cook , who attends Newhall School in Chelmsford full-time , makes bespoke baked goods to order in her spare time , during summer holidays and
Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli-25km southeast of Darwin-on Friday morning .  The mother of-four snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works .  ` It seems even mother nature has a sense of humour ! ' she said .
Corry ` Corey ' Campbell , 21 , was ringleader of gang dubbed ` tattoo terrorists '  He believed Greg Valecce , 53 , had hurt his cat , Pebbles .  He was beaten , tied to a chair , and covered in offensive tattoos .  He tattooed swastikas , Stars of David , two variations of the N-word and a penis ejaculating on a rainbow with the words `
Known as ` Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb , ' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope .  The planet is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way .  It was discovered using a technique known as microlensing .  This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another , and its gravity acts
Four tourists are caught catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand .  Andreas Rasmussen , Christian Boyum Johansen and Johan Berg are just centimetres away from the shark they ` ve caught .  As it is legal to fish for sharks in the country , it has become a sport known as ` big game fishing ' in which ` shark anglers ' catch and release the creatures .  For
Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to Rangers manager Stuart Templeton .  The winger criticised the training-ground methods used by his former managers .  Templeton claimed last week that Mccall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous managers .  But the Rangers boss was less than impressed by the player 's comments .  Lee Mc Culloch has been warned he
Gary Neville was co-commentating for Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby .  He was on his return to his old ground with that new title attached .  He was quick to point out what he saw as the ` graveyard ' of City 's right-hand side .  The razor-edged corner of tongue was saved not exclusively , but certainly frequently for Yaya Toure 's performance .  Neville was in
A house in Narrabeen , on Sydney 's Northern Beaches , has been demolished .  A group of firefighters , police and engineers pulled it down .  A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down .  Authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage .  A cherry picker was brought in to harness the house 's weight , and
Manchester United host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho worked together at Barcelona in 1997 .  The pair won the La Liga title twice in their first two years together in Catalonia .  Van Gaal will be able to call on Marouane Fellaini for United 's clash .  Maroune Fellaino is one of four players who will miss the trip to Stamford
Maria Twomey , 42 , of Watford , swapped takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike .  Slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lb , and reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent .  Found fitting seatbelts was getting more and more uncomfortable .  Joined the ranks of professional fitness models , hitting the gym for three
Cheryl Rios , who runs the company Go Ape Marketing , posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president .  ` With the hormones we have , there is no way -LSB- a woman -RSB- should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post .  Rios said that she supports equal rights
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton , Texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards .  Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes immediately starting to close .  He then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney .  The models will include Sjana Earp , Kate Kendall , Amanda Bisk , Juliet Burnett , and Lindy Klim .  The designers ditch skeletal frames , following the 's law to ban skinny models .  ` We look for real , active and healthy women-and not just with the fit girls but for our
New North Korean school textbook claims Kim Jong-un learned to drive aged three and won a yacht race aged nine .  Subjects include Kim 's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he 'd even reached double figures .  The bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across North Korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in
Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston 's recent post-match comments on Saturday .  Hibernian host Falkirk on the last day of the Championship season , inevitably enough -- for signs of enmity .  ` I think you need to ask Peter what he said when he came into my office after we got beat 1-0 in the first game ; it certainly was not what
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called ` hippy crack ' , a legal high , a year ago .  The 19-year-old has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide .  He starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday .  Raheem Sterling and Saido Berahino have also been pictured doing the same .  The PFA will look to increase
Mike and Susan Fortuna , of Shelburne , accused Botox maker Allergan of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their 21-year-old daughter .  Mandy Fortuna suffered from cerebral palsy and was treated for spasms off-label .  In November , a Vermont jury awarded a New York family $ 6.75 million in their lawsuit against allergan .  Fortunas claim their
Betty Willis died in her Overton , Nevada , home on Sunday .  The ` Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas ' sign has welcomed countless visitors to Las Vegas since 1959 .  Willis also designed neon signs for the Moulin Rouge casino and Blue Angel motel .  In 2009 , the sign was added to the National Register of Historic Places .
Phil Primmer , 42 , reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday .  The Darwin man had just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died .  He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived .  He won the 2012 and 2013 National Amateur Body Building Association 's Southern Hemisphere Championships in the men 's class two division
The money is paid to some 5.2 million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits .  Total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax , according to study by Citizens UK .  Charity is campaigning for the adoption of the Living Wage - # 9.15 an hour in London and # 7.85 for the rest of the
Shannen Hussein , 21 , lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne .  She has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes .  Her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language .  Since a clip of Winter bouncing down
Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in Inspector Morse .  Seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
Jack Grealish has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon .  The 19-year-old inspired Aston Villa to their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool .  He is the third Premier League starlet to be accused of getting high on ` hippy crack '  Raheem Sterling and Saido Berahino were both pictured using the legal high .
Andrew Stewart Wood , 41 , was arrested at Orlando 's Hard Rock Hotel .  He allegedly relieved himself in an ice machine while intoxicated .  A security guard at the luxury hotel said there was a very drunk man on the premises .  He was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail .
The unusual statistics were revealed as part of a Travelzoo survey .  Conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read .  Lib Dems prefer to opt for the window seat for flights .  UKIP supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday .  Green Party supporters are also more likely to take the toiletries home with them .  UKIP are the least likely to swoop for
With the average cost of the big day hitting # 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget .  FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns .  Debenhams has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire .  Can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands ?  Can you rather splash the cash
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Footscray .  The man was collecting bins when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole .  Paramedics tried to revive him but he died at the scene .  Meanwhile another man died in a car crash in Melbourne 's east .
Sunderland are under pressure to suspend Adam Johnson .  Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .  The England international has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20 .  It is expected the case will be sent to the Crown Court .  If found guilty , Johnson faces a lengthy prison term .
A Reddit user wrote a sarcastic note to their boss .  They apologise for the death of a step-mother , sickness and subsequent doctor 's appointments .  However , the defiant ending hints at a more immediate departure .
Patrick Vieira has the backing of Manchester City players to replace Manuel Pellegrini .  The former Arsenal midfielder is highly-respected among City 's players .  City are currently fourth in the Premier League table .  City must wait at least another year before having a realistic chance of poaching Pep Guardiola .  The Spaniard is set to remain with Bayern Munich until his contract expires at the end of next
Marla McCants , 43 , from Nashville , Tennessee , was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage by her three daughters , Britney , Adele and Sierra .  The mother-of-three , who weighed 800lbs , was bound to her bed and taken care of by her daughters .  Marla refused to let medical professionals help her stand up .  After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery ,
The Scottish Professional Football League has moved Rangers ` final-day clash with Hearts back to Saturday , May 2 .  The move was made 24 hours after Hibernian completed their campaign at Falkirk .  The decision was made after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live but Hibs hit out at the change , claiming it would place the league 's sporting integrity at risk .  All other
` Well you know , Malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told ABC News ` chief health correspondent , Dr . Richard Besser , in an interview that aired on Good Morning America .  Obama said the health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room
England were chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012 .  The tourists were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium .  All-rounder Jason Holder scored a century on day five to earn his side a draw .  Captain Alastair Cook says the dressing room has a ` bit of a downer on '  Moeen Ali passed fit after an abdominal injury
The egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon , or booster , to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily .  It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple 's iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework -LRB- MCF -RRB- .  It creates what 's called a wireless mesh network that connects phones to each other .  Instead of sending messages using mobile or data signal
Alex Hales scored 222 not out as Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven at Trent Bridge .  The England international was unbeaten on 222 as the home side made 393-seven .  Hales passed three figures for the 10th time in his career , spoiling the return of Andrew Gale , back skippering Yorkshire again after serving a four match suspension .  The 26-year-old scored his runs from 250 balls , with
Victor Moses damaged his hamstring in the 1-1 draw at West Ham United .  The 24-year-old has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment .  Stoke are still keen to strike a permanent deal for the Nigerian international .  Potters have opened talks with Ligue 1 side Evian over defender Daniel Wass .
Sean Jefferson , 45 , and Elizabeth Jowitt , 37 , admitted handling stolen goods .  Couple decorated their flat in York with trinkets , lanterns , memorial slates and homemade toys .  Some of the touching items were from the graves of babies .  Others were from gravestone of a grandmother fighting a courageous battle against cancer .  They were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order banning
George Nagobads , 93 , was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis .  He was laying flowers on his wife Velta 's grave when he was allegedly beaten with a snowbrush .  He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head .  He was team doctor for five U.S. . men 's Olympic hockey squads ,
The Duchess of Cambridge 's arrival at Anmer Hall is set to arrive later this week .  The new baby will also have the run of a second nursery at Kensington Palace .  Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to the nursery from Annie Sloane store a couple of weeks ago .  Kate 's pink coat and pink paint have fuelled speculation over the sex of the baby
Erica Leeder , 26 , was charged with assaulting a police officer .  She allegedly squirted breast milk at the officer during a strip search .  The mother of three allegedly covered the officer 's face , arms and uniform in milk .  She has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence .  The 26-year-old has been granted bail and remanded in custody .  She will reappear in
A video shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada .  The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median .  A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt .  Police have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash , leaving the car a totaled as it
Leicester Tigers beat London Welsh 38-17 in the Aviva Premiership clash .  Chris Hala ` ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off .  The Tongan number eight halted Laurence Pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge .  He then shoved his head into the turf , earning him a red card .  Ben Youngs , Sam Harrison , Jamie Gibson , and Tom Youngs scored for Leicester
The High There ! app is described as the world 's first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts .  When it was launched two months ago , it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis .  Now it 's available globally via Apple 's App Store and Google Play , after getting approval to widen its reach .  The app
The collector 's paradise in Horfield , Bristol , has remained untouched for more than 80 years .  It comes complete with the original bathroom , kitchen , stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating .  The semi-detached home has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .  It comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen , a brick open-face fire and dated
Nearly 3.8 million crimes were recorded last year , an increase of 2 % from 2013 .  Record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged -- up by a third -LRB- 32 % -RRB- to 80,200 , or 220 a day .  Experts say the rise was partly because victims were ` more willing ' to report sex crimes , including historical ones , and police were more
Carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into sex symbols .  Stars like Prince Harry , Ed Sheeran , Julianne Moore and Lily Cole love redheads .  Wolf Hall star Damian Lewis said : ` This might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well '  The love of red locks stormed its way into their hearts and hair salons .  In
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday .  Turkish government summoned the Holy See 's ambassador in Ankara in protest .  Today was the first time a pope has publicly used ` genocide ' to describe the massacre .  It is a term used by many European and South American governments .  In 2001 , Pope John Paul II and Armenian Apostolic Church .  Supreme
Detective Patrick Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver , only as Humayun , honked his horn .  He pulled over the cab and launched a tirade , questioning the diver 's command of the English language as well as his driving ability .  The three-minute video was viewed more than three million times on YouTube .  The NYPD 's
French backpackers Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet , 24 , and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty .  The pair filmed themselves lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on Rottnest Island on April 3 .  The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate 's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $ 4000 .  The pair opted to serve
Yevhen Shakhov scored in the 82nd minute to earn Dnipro a place in the Europa League semi-finals .  The Ukrainian midfielder broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection .  Brugge held on to a goalless draw after last week 's stalemate in Belgium .  The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten .  The game
Fortnum & Mason 's ` Chotch Egg ' is the world 's first gourmet chocolate Scotch egg .  It is a free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk wrapped in venison and 55 % Valrhona dark chocolate .  FEMAIL 's selection of the most unusual eggs you can try this Easter .  From yeast-flavoured chocolate to an egg made from 300g of Cheddar .  Choc n Choc 's combination of
Scott Keyes , a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights , stopping by 13 countries along the way in Europe and South and North America .  He decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from Oaxaca , Mexico , to return home to the United States and get back to full time
Candlestick Park , completed in 1960 , has been torn down to make way for houses , a hotel and a shopping center .  The iconic sports field , which has been home to the San Francisco Giants and later the 49ers , is now no more .  While the 49ers never saw an actual Super Bowl , it did get to host eight NFC Championship games .  The 1989
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West stayed at the 18th-century Ballyfin , at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in Co Laois , Ireland .  The five-star retreat has only 20 rooms on its 614 acre estate , which can be hired out for a small $ 25,000 -LRB- # 18,000 -RRB- a night .  The luxury retreat is the perfect place for a break from the stresses of the
Anderson Silva will fight for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics .  The 40-year-old Brazilian says he is ` trying to give back to the sport '  He is considered one of the best pound-for-pound fighters in the history of mixed martial arts .
Manchester City host West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side have lost four of their last six Premier League games .  Cheikhou Kouyate is wary of facing a ` wounded animal ' at Upton Park .  The West Ham midfielder said : ` Anything is possible in football , but we must n't forget who we are up against . They are a wounded
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river , the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital .  Families are desperate to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition .  Today , plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu , as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river .  As the death toll surpassed 4,000 ,
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England .  Aston Villa midfielder played for Ireland at youth level but can still play for the England senior side .  Jenkinson has played for Finland at Under 18 and Under 21 level .  The 23-year-old is on loan at West Ham from Arsenal until the end of the season .  The Hammers defender is keen to
The game is based on children 's favourite Whack-a-mole .  Instead of hitting the mole players are invited to throw food at the girl .  If the player misses the girl , she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies .
Greg Dyke was given a # 16,000 Parmigiani watch as a gift at the World Cup .  The chairman initially refused to hand his back when the watches were recalled .  Dyke had promised to donate it to the FA 's official charity partner , Breast Cancer Care , so that it could be auctioned .  FIFA 's ethics committee has closed proceedings on the matter .
Australia 's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal ` shot ' for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast .  The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett .  The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake .  ` It can kill a full grown
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit .  This is compared to almost half a year ago -LRB- 49 % -RRB- .  This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners , where house prices have risen by double-digits .  Three most common barriers to home ownership were the size of the deposit needed , high property prices and low incomes .  Government schemes
The white-cheeked macaque , from Tibet , China , has a distinctive rounded penis .  It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face .  An evolutionary biologist has compared the sizes of genitals of humans to gorillas and apes .  He concluded the human penis may have grown so long to make it more conspicuous to potential partners ,
Radio 1 's Chart Show has been branded a ` banal failure ' by one of the most respected voices in broadcasting .  Veteran presenter Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show by employing ` ignorant ' DJs who are more interested in giving vacuous opinions than playing the records .  The 66-year-old said : ` It is no wonder the Chart Show is a
AleXsandro Palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest project , ` What Kind Of Man Are You ? '  In the # briefmessage campaign , women hold up their hard-hitting statements to the camera , sometimes staring boldly into the lens , and hiding behind the knickers .  The messages , written by Italian women in a combination of English and Italian , range
TV channel E4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election .  Shows like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air .  Specially-produced advert will be played featuring ` Darren ' - the man in charge of keeping E4 on air .  Channel 4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers , reaching 8.7 million 16-34
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network , an anti-vaccinations lobby group , posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday .  The image shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture .  The tag line on the image read , ` Forced penetration . Really-no big deal , if it 's just a vac vaccineation needle and he 's a doctor
Rolly Robinson , from the blog Beauty High , stars in the makeover clip , which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and the infamous lip suction cup .  To make himself over as ` America 's sweetheart ' , Rolly first had to shave his mustache-and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help
Dr Sameer Patel is a dentist at Elleven practice in London 's Harley Street .  He has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ` desk diet '  Some breakfast cereals can contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar per serving .  Probiotic yoghurt can help decrease bad bacteria in the mouth .  Caffeine is a diuretic and therefore dries out the mouth , counteracting internal rhydration .  Water also
Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood , life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle magazine .  Clinton , whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday , said it is time the U.S. . had a female leader .  ` One of our core values in this country is that we
Kent Sprouse , 42 , gunned down Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt , 28 , at a gas station outside of Dallas , Texas , in 2002 .  He also shot dead a customer , Pedro Moreno , 38 , who was pumping gas nearby .  A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death , and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether he was
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Gang posed as rich Italian businessmen to build flat-pack wooden cabinet .  They planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to jeweller .  Then , while a price was agreed , the man in the cabinet would switch case for counterfeit notes .  The gang -- posing as wealthy Italians -- would then walk off with their money .  Luigi Arcuri , 73 , Nikolic Giuliano
Kiradech Aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to win the inaugural Shenzhen International .  The 19-year-old carded a closing 67 to finish 12 under par .  Li Hao-tong was odds-on favourite to become the first Chinese winner of a European Tour event on home soil .  Pablo Larrazabal carded four birdies and one bogey in his first six holes .  Aphi barnrat 's putt in the play-off was the ` best
Ben Flower was the first player to be sent off in a Grand Final .  The 28-year-old was sent off for punching St Helens half-back Lance Hohaia .  Flower was given the second heaviest suspension in the history of Super League .  Wigan coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower back ` a bit more aggressive '  Flower will return in the Super League derby against Warrington on Thursday .
The SANTO seat by SII Deutschland won the Passenger Comfort Hardware award at The Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg , Germany .  It is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat , and makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows .  The larger chair aims to address the issue of safety for obese passengers and small children .  It was judged by a
The Jacksonville Jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in London until 2016 .  A UK-based fan will get to announce their sixth and seventh round picks live on TV .  It will be the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the United States .  Last year 's draft attracted 45.7 million viewers according to the NFL .
Corey Edwards , five , was born with a complex congenital heart defect .  He had eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life .  His parents Jemma , 21 , and Craig , 28 , had been engaged for years but delayed tying the knot because of Corey 's ill health .  To grant his final wish , staff at Bristol Children 's Hospital pulled
Britons spend an astonishing # 100 million a year on cough syrup , according to a new BBC television investigation .  Branded painkillers are using ` clever marketing ' to make patients spend ten times more than they would on unbranded products , says Dr Chris Van Tulleken .  The UK over-the-counter medicines market is worth # 2.5 billion .  Study claims just 15 per cent of the effect can
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey at Sandown .  The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle .  McCoy 's penultimate race comes in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase .
Carl Hayman admits Toulon ` have a lot of work to do ' to lift the inaugural Champions Cup .  Toulon beat Wasps 32-18 in Sunday 's quarter-final .  Frederic Michalak and Ali Williams scored for the Cote d ` Azur outfit .  Toulon will face Leinster at Marseille 's Stade Velodrome on April 19 .  Hayman is set to retire at the end of the season .  The 35-year-old
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training .  The 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest .  Gardner scored a stunning free-kick against Watford at the City Ground .
The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie .  The British royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the UK , wore a brown quilted studded leather bag by Rebecca Minkoff .
Molly Schuyler , a 120-pound mother-of-four , won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo , Texas on Sunday .  She ate three steaks-complete with sides-in just 20 minutes .  Competitors had an hour to finish their $ 72 dinners , in order to get them for free , but none came close to winning the competition .  Though her competitors were allowed
Michael David Ikeler , 36 , charged with three felony counts of sexual assault .  He is accused of abducting a two-year-old girl from a self-serve carwash .  Neighbor saw CCTV footage of a white Nissan Altima , which looked the same .  Police described the driver of the car as a serial predator at the time .  The little girl was found naked and alone in a parking lot
Royal Mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of Anthony Trollope .  The Victorian novelist also introduced post boxes to the UK in the 1850s .  The first boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain .  Red has remained the standard colour for UK boxes with only a few exceptions .
Liverpool were linked with a move for Brazilian goalkeeper Neto .  The 25-year-old 's contract at Fiorentina expires in June .  Neto is also wanted by PSG and clubs in Spain , according to his agent .  Neto was warned against joining a club as a No 2 by national coach Dunga .
Brett and Naghmeh King took five-year-old Ashya to Spain for proton beam therapy .  They took him from Southampton General Hospital without telling doctors .  He was then given radiotherapy in the Czech Republic , but parents said chemotherapy was not needed .  They fled to Spain where they were arrested and released after High Court approved their plan to take him to Prague .  Consultant Peter Wilson said there
Sky Sports ` drastic cost-cutting is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield , the home nations international Under 16 tournament .  The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect in order to achieve a more varied fixture list , including more foreign opposition .  Sky say that their recommendations , including shortening the time between games , would have
Tories will unveil party 's first ` manifesto for England ' tomorrow .  It follows traditional Scottish , Welsh and Northern Irish manifestos .  Centrepiece will be a pledge to introduce ` English votes for English laws '  It will give English MPs effective veto over legislation applying only to constituents .  William Hague expected to warn England risks being ` held to ransom ' by SNP .  Document expected
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order .  Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside the Bureau of Land Management 's offices yesterday .  Co-owner Rick Barclay acted after receiving a stop-works order last month when officials said they found equipment on site inconsistent with standard
Dave King is back on the Rangers board after being cleared by the Court of Session .  King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the boardroom .  The South African-based businessman hopes the decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ` fit and proper ' in the final stage of approval .  King was a director in the Ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012
Filmed on a hot day in Bali , Indonesia the video shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide .  He squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down .  As the monkey approaches , the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk .
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso .  McCoy says Kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent .  McCoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the Eagles .
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final clash with Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .  The # 86million player is hoping to be back in time for the Champions League semi-finals if the holders qualify .  Bale has scored 17 goals for Real this season but has been booed at times in his own stadium .  Carlo Ancelotti has already gone on record as to how important
John Foran 's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the shard .  The # 2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Newport , South Wales .  Iceland are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry .
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday .  James Rodriguez is set to return to action for the first time since breaking a bone in his foot .  Carlo Ancelotti has been whistled by sections of the Bernabeu crowd as Real Madrid stumbled since the turn of the year .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Monday night .  Eliaquim Mangala was on the bench but never made it off the bench .  Glenn Murray cost Palace nothing four years ago .  Yaya Toure got his team back in the game with 12 minutes left .
Ed Miliband insisted he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after election .  He said : ` If it is a Labour government it will be a Labour Queen 's Speech '  But Nicola Sturgeon said he will ` change his tune ' once votes are cast .  She said he ` wo n't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he
Emma Giffard , 36 , and Ollie Halls , 37 , bought the Bedford cinema for just # 1,200 in 2005 .  They spent # 35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon .  They toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity .  They starred alongside Melvyn Bragg in a 20-part BBC2 series ` The Reel History of Britain and in ' George Clarke
Harry Kane has been told he will miss the Under 21 European Championship .  Mauricio Pochettino has expressed fears about burnout for the 21-year-old striker .  Kane is keen to play in Gareth Southgate 's side at the championship , which runs from June 17-30 .  Kane captained his side during Sunday 's 0-0 draw with Burnley .  He scored just 79 seconds into his England debut during last month
Jonjo Shelvey scored from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea after Seamus Coleman handled in the penalty box .  The former Liverpool midfielder made no mistake from the spot as the Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way .  Aaron Lennon 's first-half strike gave Everton the lead in the first half .  Michael Oliver called for a foul on Coleman and the referee called a penalty for
David Crossley , 63 , from Birmingham , developed large kidney stones .  They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys , which eventually build up into a solid lump .  They can be excruciatingly painful-on a level , say experts , with childbirth .  Renal colic is caused by the stone suddenly blocking the ureter , the narrow tube that carries urine
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night .  Pep Guardiola 's side raced in to a 5-0 lead before half-time .  It is believed that club doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt resigned after the defeat .
Women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie .  Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken .  Looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Frances Bean Cobain revealed she is n't a big fan of her late father Kurt 's music .  ` I do n't really like Nirvana that much , ' she said .  ` I ' m more into Mercury Rev , Oasis , Brian Jonestown ` , she said .  The 22-year-old was speaking to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary .  She also revealed some of his songs still
Police raided the Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana on Wednesday .  They found caged dogs in the kitchen , a decapitated puppy in the trash and the owner himself in the process of decapitating and butchering a canine carcass , putting the meat in a cooking pot .  Owner Yu Yu Chou said : ` I admit to killing the dog , but the meat is for my
Three-year-old William Tyrrell vanished from his grandmother 's home in Kendall , NSW last September .  Police believe he was abducted by a paedophile ring when he was out of sight of his family .  Detectives believe he may have been abducted when he disappeared .  The parents of the missing boy have released a video pleading for his return .  ` Just give him back ... take him to
Doug Gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car .  The ex-Spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance , but died two weeks later .  The war hero survived almost 70 missions against the Luftwaffe during the Second World War .  He flew Beaufighters and Mosquitoes before testing aircraft , including Spitfires
Statue of Cecil Rhodes is set to be removed from the University of Cape Town .  It has been vandalised in recent weeks .  It has not yet been decided where it will be moved .  White Afrikaner solidarity group AfriForum have handed a memorandum to parliament .  They are demanding ` protection ' for their heritage .  Rhodes is a 19th century imperialist who helped pave the way for
Selina Dicker , 38 , from London , ran for her life as a wall of snow and rocks tore through Base Camp .  She was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg , who died in Saturday 's avalanche .  Miss Dicker had been trying to raise # 45,000 for Operation Smile , which provides surgery for children with a cleft palate .  Her mother Gail
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister , Claire , died in a car crash .  The 32-year-old 's husband , Malcolm Webster , from Surrey , then aged 33 .  He believed Claire had died in an accident in Aberdeen , Scotland , in 1994 .  It took two decades for the truth to be revealed-Claire had been murdered by Webster .  Webster had drugged his wife at their
Chen Yuntao , 38 , has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him .  He is desperate to raise money for his nine-year-old son Chen Minghao .  Minghao , who has leukaemia , has been in and out of hospital since 2011 .  He has already spent # 21,800 on medical bills for treatment he has already received .  The family are 160,000 yuan -LRB- #
Restaurant critic and festival curator Leo Schofield , 79 , moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival .  He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent .  He was offered $ 300,000 for the 2014 festival which was a reduction from the $ 400,000 the government offered in the previous year .  He said
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit Bayern Munich on Thursday .  The 72-year-old doctor had worked at the club for almost 40 years .  Bayern lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final .  Pep Guardiola has denied claims of a feud with the doctor .  He said : ` Injuries are part and parcel of football , they ' re not the medical staff 's fault `
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down , police said on Wednesday .  The woman did n't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 , according to a police report released on Wednesday .  He is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane , a print shop director at Wayne
West Ham will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Barclays Premier League .  Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced TV revenue to pass on savings to fans .  According to a document that will be issued to West Ham fans on Wednesday , every season-ticket band will be reduced when the club move .  The lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost # 289 ,
Russian president appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly .  Relations between Moscow and Washington , and other .  Western powers , have soured over the conflict in Russia 's .  neighbor Ukraine , sinking to an all-time low .  ` At the same time there is something .  that unites us , that forces us to work together , ` Putin said .  Putin has in the
Leonardo Jardim 's side face Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday .  The Ligue 1 side are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg in Turin .  Les Rouges are 15 points clear at the top of the Serie A standings .  Dmitry Rybolovlev bought James Rodriguez , Radamel Falcao and Joao Moutinho for hefty transfer fees .  The Russian billionaire has tightened the purse
Departing ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself at Wisden Almanack launch .  Clarke was upset that new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment , Paul Downton , a ` man of great judgment '  Clarke confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail 's Lawrence Booth during the dinner at Lord 's Pavilion Long Room dinner .  He loudly harangued Booth across the table
On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food on all flights .  The food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey .  Virgin Australia hails the move as another step in its transformation into a premium , contemporary , full service airline .  The selection of foods will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on
AP McCoy has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday .  The 20-time jump jockey will retire after Sunday 's Sandown farewell .  Sir Steve Redgrave famously said : ` Anyone who sees me in a boat has my permission to shoot me '  McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing .
Pittsburgh-based pop-up shop Less Than 100 has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap .  Female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full .  Elana Schlenker can afford the gender-conscious pricing because her shop is n't aiming to make money ; all sales will go back to the female artists who made them .  The shop is
Ronnie O ` Sullivan will face Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship .  Defending champion Mark Selby will play Norwegian Kurt Maflin .  The tournament runs from April 18 to May 4 .
Morgan Stanley said prospect of Labour government reliant on Scottish Nationalists would create ` greatest uncertainty ' of election result .  ` Anti-austerity ' agenda could lead to an ` earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case '  Second major bank , Goldman Sachs , raised concerns about the same outcome on May 7 .  Goldman said Labour would be ` dragged to the Left ' by the
Tesco , Asda , Sainsbury 's and Morrisons have all lost market share in the first three months of 2015 .  Aldi increased its share of the premium ale market by a third .  It 's believed Aldi is luring customers away from troubled giant Tesco .  The discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over the last years .  Tesco has had a troublesome year ,
The Queen attended a reception for the Calgary Highlanders , Royal Hamilton Light Infantry and Canadian Scottish Regiment at Canada House in Trafalgar Square , London .  Wore a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress , and was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra .  Today 's reception formed one of the highlights of events marking the centenary of First World War
Princess Leonore looked out of sorts during a visit to the Vatican .  The Duchess of Gotland , who is just 14-months-old , was accompanied by her pregnant mother , Princess Madeleine , 32 .  Her father , Christopher O ` Neill , 40 , was also at the Vatican today .  He shared the childcare with his wife , Sofia Hellqvist , at one point giving her a hug
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U , which was found to be selling NHS patients ` details on without their knowledge .  Mr Hornby was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 .  He was condemned for profiting from the sale of his customers ` personal data .  Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society .
Holly , 34 , and Davina , 47 , star in campaign for Garnier Nutrisse .  Can be seen larking around with hair pulled over mouths to resemble moustache .  Holly said : ` I absolutely loved shooting with Davina . She is such an iconic brunette '  This Morning presenter has also designed a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies .  The range has a strong vintage feel running
Grape is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000 .  Shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century , with all colours increasing except for orange .  Martin Bellander , a PhD student in psychology at the Karolinska Institute , created the graph .  Found the paintings change over time-from orange to blue .
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness .  Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor .  A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment .  It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't .  The team is seeking # 100,000 -LRB- $ 150,000 -RRB- of funding on Kickstarter .  At the moment you can
Graeme McDowell has vowed to play ` aggressive ' golf to help improve his poor Masters record .  The Northern Irishman has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters .  The 35-year-old concedes the long course does not suit his game .
London Mayor was given a big kiss on his cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter .  As he got in his car , he was spotted with red lipstick marks on cheek .  Mr Johnson said he ` profoundly and passionately ' hopes to stop Ukip leader Nigel Farage from winning South Thanet seat .  He joined Tory Craig Mackinlay , who is defending a Conservative majority of 7,600 .
Teresa James , 40 , from London , started whitening her teeth five years ago .  She believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile .  In America , sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 .  Trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace that dentists have coined a new word for it -
Novak Djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set of the Miami Open final .  The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled .  The ball boy was standing between him and his backroom team .  He said it ` did n't look good ' as he sat down between the change of ends .  He then apologised to the boy
John Coyne , 56 , ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road , central London .  Victim , who is heterosexual , had fallen unconscious after night of drinking .  Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent .
Davion Navar Henry Only , 16 , became the face of adoption in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to ` love him forever '  This after he was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children .  He has been adopted by his
Ashley Young has revealed the secret of his team-mates ` changing room playlist .  He met singer-songwriter Olly Murs after training to star on MUTV show Thursday Focus .  Young is known for being the resident DJ at the Old Trafford club .  He admitted to being under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal to play funky house .  Murs asked if his mainstream tunes are played in the
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a big name to boost Crystal Palace 's profile .  The Eagles boss is prepared to let star winger Yannick Bolasie leave for ` between 40 and 60 million pounds '  Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday in the Premier League .  Palace broke their club transfer record in September 2014 when they splashed out # 7m on James McArthur from
Corinne Gump , 10 , and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in Youngstown , Ohio on Monday-hours before Robert Seman , Jr . , 46 , was set to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years .  Her mother , Lynn Schmidt , reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend 's home , it has
PETA launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday .  The disturbing clips showed Australian shearers kicking , stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle .  The Victorian Farming Federation also took to social media to voice their disgust at the ` misleading ' and ` inaccurate ' advertisment .  The campaign aims to deter people from purchasing wool products
Ryan Skivington took the pets , called Ant and Dec , out of their cage .  26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs .  Also admitted assaulting his former partner at her home in Blackpool .  Also damaged a TV and iPad worth # 740 during the attack .
Statues of Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban .  Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray 's statue in the Western Cape .  A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902 , was toppled from his horse .  In the latest demonstration , vandals smeared paint the figure of a young Mohandas Gandhi
Zarina Diyas defeated Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka .  British number one Heather Watson lost 6-3 4-6 7-5 to Donna Vekic .  Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel progressed in straight sets .  Shelby Rogers beat Spain 's Silvia Soler-Espinosa .
St . Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked face-first into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook on Sunday .  Reaves sat on the bench as he calmly pulled out the tooth .  It eventually fell into his hand and he gave it to a team trainer .  Reaves and the rest of the Blues beat the Blackhawks 2-1 on Sunday ,
Clermont host Saracens at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard on Saturday .  France legend Serge Betsen tells Sportsmail where he thinks the clash will be won .  Brad Barritt is back to anchor the Saracens midfield .  Julien Bonnaire and Billy Vunipola will be key to Saracens ` game plan .  Charlie Hodgson has been known to succumb to the pressure on the big stage .  French side are most effective with the
Ben Parson , 34 , had already run 24.5 miles of the 26.2-mile Brighton marathon .  He stopped to propose to girlfriend Anna Jefferson , 36 , on Hove seafront .  Anna feared Ben was struggling because she was unaware of his proposal plan .  Ben got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes .  He carried the ring in his bum bag and waited
BMW driver rammed a shirtless man in street after road rage row in east London .  One of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on .  Then tried to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window .  The 25-year-old driver of the white BMW , from Camden , then reversed .  He then rammed into a white Mercedes and white Prius ,
Three teenage girls , aged 16 and 17 , were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff and landed upside down on top of the driver .  The driver , who has not been identified , was trapped under the car for more than four hours .  It took dozens of emergency responders around five hours to extricate the girl from the wreckage and she only suffered minor
Hizb ut-Tahrir -LRB- HT -RRB- has joined forces with al-Qaeda in Syria , according to reports .  Several British men linked to ISIS , including Mohammed ` Jihadi John ' Emwazi .  Lib Dem candidate Maajid Nawaz was a member of HT for 13 years .  He was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his commitment to the group .  One week ago , 100 HT members , one armed
Brian and Amanda Bayers from Louisville Kentucky shared the tragic story of how they accidentally killed their 18-month-old son on Thursday .  Brian Bayers tearfully recalled how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house .  Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a # 3.6 million contract over three years with BT .  BT had agreed to pay # 20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield -- and that has come to fruition and come the summer , they will take over from ousted backers RBS .  Scotland Under-20 side will be the first team
The U.S. . spends $ 4billion -LRB- # 2.7 billion -RRB- a year on unnecessary medical costs due to mammograms generating false alarms and on treatment for breast tumors unlikely to cause problems .  The study , published in the Health Affairs journal on Monday , has estimated the figure for women aged 40 to 59 .  It is made up of $ 2.8 bn resulting from false-positive mammocks and
Sir Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record on June 7 .  The four-time Olympic champion will ride the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the Lee Valley VeloPark .  Australian Rohan Dennis managed to cycle 52.491 km in an hour in February .  The Briton finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix 253.5 km one-day race on Sunday .  Tickets will be sold from April
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title .  The 27-year-old defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night .  The Las Vegas-based fighter was unbeaten in his previous 28 fights .  Groves took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to beat Dirrell by a points decision or via a technical one .
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The Filipino-fighter has been training with his team at Griffith Park .  It is less than a month before the two go head-to-head in the richest fight in boxing history .  The fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $ 152million .  The fight will be shown on Sky Box Office at a cost
Rajpal Singh , 34 , went to a hospital in India complaining of a stomach ache .  Doctors suspected it might be a run-of-the-mill case of food poisoning or an ulcer .  But they were amazed to find he had swallowed 140 coins , 150 nails and nuts .  He also gulped down screws , nails and magnets over a three year period .  An endoscopy revealed hundreds of foreign
Nick Clegg said he would not allow the Lib Dems to prop David Cameron up in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash # 12billion from the benefits bill .  In an interview on the BBC , he said the price of another Coalition would be new taxes on the rich and a scaling back of the Prime Minister 's planned welfare cuts .  The
Scott Keyes is a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress .  He is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights in first class ... without paying a penny .  Keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles .  He only sign up for cards with high sign-up bonuses and low spending thresholds .  A card he
Justin Rose was pictured using his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator .  The Englishman pushed Jordan Speith all the way on the final day .  Rose is now training ahead of his next PGA Tour event .
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there 's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex 's fitness room .  The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65 , while market-rate tenants are n't .  Jean Green Dorsey said the refusal of landlords to let rent-stabilized tenants use the gym ` smacks of second-class citizenship '
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday .  Mesut Ozil says he is now back to his best since joining the Gunners .  The German playmaker says 10 years of playing football had taken their toll .  Ozil was a key player in Germany 's World Cup win over the summer .  The 26-year-old says it took a lot out of him last summer .
The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet -LRB- three metres -RRB- .  It was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis in Chicago , Illinois .  They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a
Brian O ` Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force .  Irish legend says it 's a money issue for English sides and they need Roman Abramovich style investment .  English clubs have found themselves priced out of the market for southern hemisphere superstars .  The trend looks set to continue after the World Cup , with All Black trio Dan Carter
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start .  The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds .  He headed off the close attentions of James Ellison by just 0.029 secs .  Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row of the grid .
Andrew Barr , principal of Melbourne 's The Geelong College , has resigned .  He was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his office .  The council launched an investigation , which included a search of Mr Barr 's computer .  Chairman of the Geelong College council , Dr Hugh Seward , said the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards .  Mr
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover .  Randy Lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer .  But the Villa manager is fully focussed on steering his side to safety .  Villa face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford .  Sherwood : ` It is a dream job for me if we stay in the league , it gives
12-year-old Bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow .  She has reached a maximum of 93 decibels-more than the official world record holder .  Despite her fearsome sound , Bluey is said to be gentle and loving .  She is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner .
Richard Graham has been ordered to remove ` interfering ' tweets that risk derailing a murder trial .  Old Etonian MP is fighting to retain marginal seat of Gloucester .  He is accused of posting the posts to ` ingratiate himself ' with voters .  Zac Evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in January .  The trial , due to take place in
Lindsey Walker , 23 , was staying at the Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay , North Tyneside .  She was in her pyjamas with a two-year-old and was shaking and scared `  The family were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door .  They were asked if they wanted to join in and were asked to leave the room .  The hotel 's manager said
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United 's last six games .  The striker suffered an ankle injury against Swansea on February 21 .  Van Persie tweeted : ` Happy to be fit and able to play again . Looking forward to my next game ! '  The 31-year-old has scored just 10 goals this term .  Van Gaal is likely to take United on a short pre-season tour .
Manchester United beat Chelsea 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Juan Mata scored the only goal of the game in the 81st minute .  The Spaniard was substituted by Jose Mourinho on New Year 's Day last year .  Mata is performing at the peak of his powers in his last five games .  He is not surprised by the turnaround in his own , and the team 's
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged .  She was shaken by her mother 's 28-year-old boyfriend Colin Heath in January 2000 .  She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube .  Heath , now 43 , was arrested last September and jailed for three years .  He admitted manslaughter yesterday at Birmingham Crown Court .
Micah Richards ` contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season .  Defender has found playing time hard to come by during loan move to Fiorentina .  The 26-year-old is set on a return to the Premier League this summer .  Aston Villa , Southampton , Everton and West Ham are showing an interest in the defender .  Richards was England 's first choice right-back as a
Jose Mourinho claims Eden Hazard is one of the world 's best players .  Hazard scored Chelsea 's winner against Manchester United .  The Belgian is expected to be named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday .  Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
David Meyler was sent off for a challenge on Kyle Naughton on Saturday .  The Hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge .  A scan on Monday revealed the full back had ligament damage .  The full back faces a six-week lay-off with ankle ligaments damage .  Angel Rangel will return to the side to face Everton on Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure .  Separate study found there was a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry .  More than half -LRB- 59 % -RRB- of those questioned reported having had sunburn at least once in the last year .
Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies .  Owner , head coach and players have come in for strong criticism .  Faners are threatening to boycott the next home game against Spurs .  John Carver says he would walk away if the club 's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool .  The 20-year-old winger has put off contract talks until the summer .  Sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber .  Sterling has attracted interest from clubs including Real Madrid , Bayern Munich , Manchester City and Arsenal .  Sterling has rejected a # 100,000-a-week contract offer at Anfield .  CLICK HERE for all the
Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her husband Henry met Ferme de Montagne staff at The Bar at The Dorchester in London .  They were in the capital ` on business ' when they were asked to check up on their staff .  They spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel .  Suzanne said : ` It exposes them to a five-star environment where exacting standards of service
Charnelle Hughes , 20 , was standing near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston .  She was reading a text message when she was struck on the side of the head .  Jordan Goode , also 20 , had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music .  He picked up the glass and launched it across the room as if throwing a cricket ball .  Miss Hughes was
Rebecca Eldemire , 21 , was shot in the face with a . 357 Magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old Larry Tipton .  After shooting her twice , he laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself .  On a desk within her bedroom is a two-page suicide note written by him , ` the coroner 's report revealed Tuesday .  When she called 911 the night before
Craig Edwards , 28 , and Jemma , 21 , married at Bristol Children 's Hospital .  The five-year-old is suffering from a terminal congenital heart defect .  He has been on the paediatric intensive care unit at the hospital since January .  His parents had been engaged for three years but decided to fast track their wedding when they discovered their son Corey may not live much longer .
Mr Miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' non-dom status .  But it later emerged that Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years .  Labour aides suggested the change would raise as much as # 1billion .  But tax advisers immediately disputed this , saying driving Non-doms away would in fact cost the Treasury significant sums .  Within hours of announcing
53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years .  One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio 's studios in Leicester Square .  Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 .  Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend , Jackson Byrnes .  The 18-year-old was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  He was told by doctors that the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .  Jackson and his girlfriend have raised over $ 80,000 for his life-saving surgery to be performed
Adrian Heath is the manager of the MLS side Orlando City .  The 53-year-old has been in the MLS for eight years .  The former Everton and Manchester City midfielder has gone from the backwoods of the leagues to the major leagues that Orlando have been elevated to this season .  Steven Gerrard will join LA Galaxy in the summer after spending 17 seasons at Liverpool .  Frank Lampard has
Garry Monk has been keeping a close eye on Spain striker Michu .  Michu has spent a frustrating season on loan at Italian side Napoli .  The 29-year-old has made just five appearances for Rafa Bentitez 's Serie A giants .  Michu recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea .  The Spaniard scored 22 goals in his first season at the Liberty Stadium .
John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Richmond 's Bachar Houli a ` terrorist '  Burns is alleged to have referred to Houli at a club function at the MCG on Friday night during the Tigers ` match against Melbourne .  The 3AW host said a friend sitting with him at the time also did n't recall the comment being made .  Mr Burns apologised
Australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas .  Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players , no matter where in the world they ply their trade .  If Roy Hodgson 's star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona , would the FA tell him not to pick them ? Absolutely not .  Matt Giteau 's stellar
The Prime Minister and his wife visited the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent .  Mr Cameron wore a traditional orange patka and wife Samantha in a blue headscarf .  The couple chatted and posed for selfies at the temple in traditional Sikh dress .  Visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go .  It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended
Manny Pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in Los Angeles on Wednesday .  The Filipino star opened up about his motivation , his belief in God and journey to the top in boxing .  ` Boxing is the best sport because it teaches you about life . It taught me you will receive if you give back , ' he says .  Mayweather told those
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko .  Mauricio Pochettino has admitted his scouts are working behind the scenes .  Tottenham are also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas .
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC , US , is the first restaurant to match cannabis to food .  The menu pairs five falafels to five strains of marijuana .  This is strictly a take-away operation , as those who like to smoke wo n't be able to smoke on the premises .  The restaurant recommends a baba ganoush , beetroot , pickled turnips , coleslaw , garlic parsley
Antonio Di Natale has described Alexis Sanchez as the best striker he 's ever had .  The 37-year-old spent five years playing alongside Sanchez at Udinese .  Sanchez has scored 20 goals in his debut season with the Gunners .  The former Italy forward claims his former team-mate is better than Neymar .
Sergeant Dan Urman 's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground , he slipped on the ice , causing both to tumble over .  The couple had been invited to drop the puck at the Arizona Coyotes game on Saturday because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years .  When it was announced there 'd be
Stuart Broad collapsed clutching his left ankle in the second over .  His boot slid through the crease and he tumbled to the ground .  He spent just short of an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack .  Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine .  Jonathan Trott -LRB- nought
Britain 's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden , 44 , spoke about her traumatic childbirth experiences in new interview for the June issue of Good Housekeeping .  Holden has two daughters , nine-year-old Alexa and three-year old Hollie .  Holden was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- after a miscarriage in 2011 , giving birth to a stillborn baby , Theo , at seven months .  The TV
Frances Clarkson , 53 , spent the Easter Bank Holiday weekend with friends and family in Barbados .  She has previously holidayed with the 54-year-old broadcaster but the pair are said to have lived apart for years .  BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from the hit motoring show after a ` fracas ' involving a Top Gear producer .  Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after
Indonesian president Joko Widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival Prabowo Subianto that he would support a decision to grant clemency to Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .  Mr Prabowso twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved .  The Indonesian attorney-general H.M. . Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine
FEMAIL rounds up the stars who have aged terribly .  From child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light to golden Hollywood stars that have greyed with time .  Lindsay Lohan 's fast-paced lifestyle is catching up to her .  Johnny Depp 's dark and mysterious looks and acting versatility made him a teen idol .  Kate Moss , 41 , is now one of the most famous supermodels
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .  The Magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies .  John Carver says the club 's hierarchy have already spoken about addressing their shortcomings in the summer .  The Newcastle boss admits the club need to look at the ` DNA ' of their dressing-room .
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .  In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .  Nanokogia isthmia is a new
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied the effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice .
Chelsea are weighing up a move for Ecuadorian striker Enner Valencia .  Jose Mourinho earmarked the Ecuadorian forward in January .  Chelsea have been weighing up various strikers with Loic Remy struggling to maintain fitness and Didier Drogba turning 37 last month .  Patrick Bamford will go out on another loan at Middlesborough .  Valencia cost West Ham # 12m and signed a five year contract .
Celtic are also interested in signing Nadir Ciftc from Dundee United .  Jackie McNamara 's side sold Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to the club on deadline day in January .  Souttar and Ciftci are under contract until May next year and could go for a combined fee of # 1.5 million .  The Tannadice club have won just three of their 14 games since , and lost 3-0 at
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with Toulon .  The Queensland Reds fly-half has won 53 caps for Australia .  He becomes the latest Australia international to move abroad .  Former Wallabies playmaker Matt Giteau has guided Toulon to the European Champions Cup final .
Research focused on POMC neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite .  When PC neurons are absent , or not working properly , animals and humans grow dangerously obese .  The new research , done on fish and mice , could someday lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume .  The
YouTube pioneers Harry Davies-Carr and Charlie Bit Me are now aged 11 and nine .  They appeared on children 's TV show Newsround to talk about the video .  The video was originally filmed for the family to send to the brothers ` godfather .  It quickly went viral , amassing more than 816million views on YouTube .  Harry said he now finds watching the video funny , saying :
Presenter Charlie Stayt scrawled the word ` education ' on a whiteboard .  Viewer Hardy Lion tweeted : ` # bbcbreakfast ha ha spelt education wrong ! ! ! Back to school ! '  Crafty Monkey wrote : ` @ BBCBreakfast C - ! ! Could do better ! '  Stayt was discussing the issue of education at Highfield Primary School in Southampton .  He said : ` There we
The search area for missing flight MH370 will be doubled if nothing is found in the huge undersea area now being scanned for wreckage .  Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said all those involved in the search were determined to do everything possible ` to give answers to the families of the loves ones who ' ve been lost `  Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo , located in
Researchers from Texas A & M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions .  The study could ` not prove ' that a Texting ban is what caused the drop , though they said it was a likely cause .  Adults between the ages of 25
Jean-Honoré Fragonard 's 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica , ordered over the internet for # 70 .  Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings .  Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly .  Dulwich picture gallery was keen to challenge the public to ` spot the fake '  The idea for the
Christina O ` Gorman posed for her father at Lulworth Cove , Dorset , in 1913 .  The 102-year-old teenager wore red , probably at the request of her father .  Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography .  He used the autochrome process to capture the haunting images .
Tottenham will resist any offers for left back Danny Rose .  The 24-year-old was signed up to a five-year contract last summer .  Manchester City have considered attacking-minded Rose as they draw up an extensive list of potential homegrown signings .  Mauricio Pochettino said : ` Danny has been the best English left back this season '
The map was created by writer Levi Pearson , who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB .  It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US , the UK and France in Europe , and locations in Japan and Australia .  The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen at the bottom of his garden in Letchworth , Hertfordshire .  Sun spots range in size , from just 10 miles -LRB- 16km -RRB- to 100,000 miles -LRB- 160,000 km -RRB- wide-big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope .  Each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet .  Sunspots have a temperature
Mrs Fairhead , 53 , has said she wants to stay for a least another year .  But two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her .  Claims HSBC 's Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from taxman .  Last month she was criticised by MPs as ` incredibly naïve or totally incompetent '  One of UK 's most powerful shareholder groups
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast .  The Blast 's stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format .  Cook , however , at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue Test century brought him two more failures at the top of the order
Holmesburg Prison , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , was built in 1895 and housed 1,200 inmates .  Since its closure in 1996 , all that remains of the prison is cracked paint , crumbling hallways and empty cells which once housed its human guinea pigs .  In 1952 , an inmate was found dead in a bathtub with an autopsy concluding that he was beaten to death .  One former
Winnie Harlow , 19 , who suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with , was pictured hand-in-hand with albino model Shaun Ross on Tuesday night .  The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood , California .  Winnie was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress , which she accessorized with a
Beatrice Tollman , founder of a luxury hotel chain , donated # 20,000 to Tories .  Since 2011 , she has donated more than # 50,000 .  She and her husband Stanley were close friends of Margaret Thatcher .  They were guests of the Reagans at the White House .  She has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax .  But on the same day
The Only Way Is Essex star met Ed Miliband as part of ` useyourvoice ' campaign .  She said she would ` snog or marry Ed because he 's the best-looking one out of them all '  Comes after a group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled after taking to Twitter in droves to reveal their love for the Labour leader .  Dubbing themselves the ` Milifans ' the
Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead .  threatening to all but wipe out Labour north of the border .  But Ed Miliband refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power for the first time .  SNP leader used a BBC TV debate on Thursday night to offer to ` lock David
Jamie Vardy scored injury-time winner as Leicester beat West Brom 2-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday .  Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner scored for the Foxes at half-time .  Nigel Pearson 's side are now bottom of the Premier League with seven games to play .  The Foxes have won just one of their last seven Premier League games .  Vardt 's men are now in the relegation zone with
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach .  The former Manchester United defender enjoyed eight years at Old Trafford .  The 33-year-old says he has passed some of his coaching badges .
LeBron James , 30 , posted an emotional farewell letter to Lauren Hill , 19 , on Twitter on Friday , hours after she passed away from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma -LRB- DIPG -RRB- .  The Cleveland Cavaliers player wrote : ` You are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten '  He
The waitress was working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell , east of Auckland .  She said John Key kept pulling her hair despite being told to stop .  He defended his pranks as ` a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised .  The New Zealand Prime Minister is en route to the Anzac ceremony in Gallipoli .
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton .  The winger is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season .  Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Lennon before thinking about a permanent deal .  Reports have linked Lennon with a swap deal with Kevin Mirallas .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Everton news .
Reality TV star Chris Hardman , aka Lil Chris , died on March 23 in his hometown of Lowestoft .  The 24-year-old was found hanged at his home by a friend , the coroner said .  Mr Hardman shot to fame after appearing on Kiss 's School of Rock .  He was later offered a solo deal and had a top five hit with Checkin ` It Out .  In
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys .  Atletico Madrid were beaten 1-0 by Real Madrid in the Champions League .  Simeones was proud of the way they played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg .
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP at the end of the season .  Cleveland Cavaliers small forward scored 21 points in 104-99 victory against Milwaukee .  James has impressed on his return to Cleveland after four years with Miami Heat .  The Cavs have secured the Central Division title and will be No 2 seed in the Eastern Conference .
Sarah and Russell Ivens have two children , William and Matilda .  At the age of 34 , she desperately wanted to get pregnant .  After 15 years of hoping for the opposite , she was depressed , stressed and scared .  ` Have I left it too late to have a baby ? ' she wail to husband Russell .  ` I always put my career first , and
Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the match as Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund .  Pep Guardiola 's side stretch their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to 10 points .  The former Dortmund man returned to his former club on a free transfer .  Pep Klopp 's men are now 10 points behind Bayern Munich .  Thiago is playing his first match of the season after being
Greece has more islands in its portfolio than one-most of them uninhabited .  Kefalonia is best known as the setting for Captain Corelli 's Mandolin .  The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicolas Cage but focussed on negative events .  It took probably the worst events in the island 's history-the brutal massacre of Italian troops in 1943 and the awful earthquake of 1953-and used them as grist to the story
Linda and George Hunter , who raised four children in their home in Wavertree , Liverpool , became mortgage free around 15 years ago .  Eight years ago , the street became part of a regeneration scheme .  The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition .  Linda Hunter , 62 , picked out houses worth around # 120,000 and the council said they would look into
Sir Dave Brailsford 's move to put more emphasis on the Spring Classics in his second five-year plan for Team Sky .  Team Sky 's focus on the Grand Tours up to now has left them short of riders equipped to win classics , while the usually chaotic nature of the races is anathema to their favoured controlling tactics .  But the development of Stannard and Thomas gives Team Sky
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now .  Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method .  Camilla Lawrence , women 's health physiotherapist at Six Physio , tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape .  30 % of women have ongoing urinary incontinence post pregnancy .  50 % have
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -LRB- 72km -RRB- south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky .  They are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice-with the thicker the ice , the more emerald they appear .  Photographer Denis Budkov , 35 , trekked inside the caves-which could collapse at any moment-to capture the colourful scenes .  The incredible lights shining purple
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school , when they are 12 .  Around 100,000 pupils a year fail to pass the expected standard in English and maths at the age of 11 .  Of these children , only 7 per cent go on to get five good GCSEs-compared
Steve Heighway predicted Steven Gerrard would be a success in 1992 .  The Liverpool legend described the midfielder as ` one for the future '  The former England captain has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood side .  The midfielder will leave Liverpool at the end of the season .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
13 US senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea .  The 13 Democratic and Republican U.S. . lawmakers said they ` strongly encourage ' FIFA to move the global competition .  England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home
Jordan Waddingham discovered the largest European wasp nest in Australia .  The 12-year-old scoured bushland at Karoola , north east of Launceston .  He followed a trail of wasps when he stumbled across the 90-kilogram nest .  The nest is currently on display at the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery .
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini admits the Academy 's youngsters are not ready for first-team action .  The Blues have failed to produce any regular homegrown first team squad members since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata .  FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in Premier League squads .  Wilfried Bony is more likely to be joined by a young star such as
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in Goulburn District Court .  The 27-year-old opened a freedom saving account with St George Bank in 2010 .  He was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years due to a banking loophole .  Moore 's luxury haul included a Maserati , an Alfa Romeo , a power
More than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in Queensland bushland .  A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is investigating the grim find .  The dogs were killed before a Four Corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry .  There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area , a police spokesperson said .
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center , in New Jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people .  It has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray , now known for its crumbling walls , flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases .  Preservationists are fighting to save the building and claim
Remy Dufrene , 3 , of Raceland , Louisiana , drowned after being swept away in a drainage ditch Tuesday afternoon .  He was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk .  The old woman tried to chase after the young boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake , Indiana .  The pair caught a bowfin , videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock .  Crouching over the fish , Quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water .  When suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster .  Recoiling , Quinn stumbles backwards in shock as his
Facebook 's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network 's mobile app , complete with an illustrative picture .  The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user 's most messaged friends .  Here , they can see short updates such as ` making blueberry scones at
Darren Humphries , 37 , began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire , 31 .  He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home .  He forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house .  He then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and began throwing individual eggs at her
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City 's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve , a Bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth .  Now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl .  Bobbi Gordon , one of several primate handlers who provided round-the-clock care for the infant , improvising along the way .
Janice Baker Kinney , Marcella Tate , and Autumn Burns have accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault .  Kinney said she met Cosby at the age of 24 working in a Reno casino .  She says he fed her drugs and she woke up naked in bed with him .  Burns says he gave her alcohol then forced her into sex acts .  Kinney says he asked her to take
Rebecca Rice , 16 , had tried everything to calm her nerves ahead of GCSE exam .  But she knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her pet dog Holly .  She confided in her teacher Lorette Esteve who advised her to take Holly .  She said : ` Having Holly with me really settled my nerves '
North Sea cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished .  Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod .  The industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 .  Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species .  The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern European fisheries analysed .  One in nine fisheries
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , was found guilty of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon .  Federal jury found him guilty of all charges against him on Wednesday .  The jury will now decide whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison .  Prosecutors portrayed the 21-year-old as a full partner in a plan to retaliate against the US for its wars in Muslim countries .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  The 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger .  Arsenal legend Nigel Winterburn says Wenger should be given more two more years .
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing his death and burial this week .  ` We did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad , ' said his daughter Jill McLain .
The manmade cavern named the Caverne du Pont-d ` Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D ' Arc in Southern France .  It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones and other features .  The original and unique ` Grotte Chauvet ' was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site .  The drawings
John Stones was on Barcelona 's shopping list of defensive targets last summer .  The 20-year-old Everton defender moved up the list of potential targets .  Barcelona signed Jeremy Mathieu and Thomas Vermaelen from Arsenal .  Stones signed a new # 30,000-a-week five-year deal keeping him at Everton until 2019 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Diane James , Ukip 's Justice Spokesman , applauded Vladimir Putin 's nationalist credentials .  She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the EU .  Mrs James was the candidate in the Eastleigh by-election and currently represents the south east of England in the European Parliament .  She said : ` I admire him from the point of view that he 's standing up for his country
Women rowed on same course and same day as men for the first time .  Oxford , who entered the race as favourites , finished six-and-a-half lengths .  Team captain Anastasia Chitty said it had been ` humbling ' to win on the same course as the men .
AC Milan and Inter Milan meet in the Champions League quarter-final on Sunday .  The two sides met in the 2005 Champions League semi-final after a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the San Siro pitch .  The match was the second time in two seasons the sides had met .  Milan won the trophy in 2007 and Inter followed suit in 2010 .  Both sides
Gavin Thorman , 36 , operated his empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool .  He boasted in Welsh that he would make ` millions ' when he got out of jail .  Father-of-four planned to spend his money on new teeth , liposuction and facelift .  Thorman organised supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester .  He was one of largest conspiracies of its kind in North Wales
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers posting images on social media .  Instagram is awash with the grey hair images .  The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier 's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week .  At his Autumn / Winter 2011 show the models sported eye-catching grey beehives .  Lady Gaga and Rihanna have also experimented with the look .  Katja Wassermeyer -LRB-
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since returning from England duty .  Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham .  Mason has also been affected by the England call-up .  Tottenham face Newcastle at White Hart Lane on Saturday .  Kane is one away
Local residents in the municipality of Lastres have posted the signs .  They show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle .  Pilgrims and other visitors are now stopping to pose for photos .  The Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route attracts thousands of pilgrims every year .
Neymar was substituted by Luis Enrique during Barcelona 's 2-2 draw at Sevilla .  The Brazilian forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season .  Elsewhere in Spain the attention is focused on the Madrid derby .  Lazio moved above their city rivals Roma into second place in Serie A .
Brian O ` Driscoll was crowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong .  The rugby legend 's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media .  She posted a picture of her husband holding a giant Toblerone .
Kim Davies , 60 , bought Llanwenarth House in Brecon Beacons in 2006 .  He bought the manor where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful .  But he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including whirlpool bath , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling .  Davies initially denied five charges under Planning Act in 1990 .  But he pleaded guilty to illegally altering the manor
Dane Bouris appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday .  He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home-in Sydney 's east-on the weekend .  He was charged with the alleged assault of his girlfriend , Alexandra Dankwa .  The 33-year-old is the son of Australian businessman and The Apprentice host .  He was a contender for 2013 's Cleo Bachelor of the Year .  In 2013 , he was fined $
Abi Gordon-Cody creates gruesome injuries using special effects .  The 26-year-old from Droitwich , Worcestershire , is a make-up artist .  Her gory recreations have earned her almost 3,000 followers on Instagram .  In one picture , her toes appear to have been chopped off , while in another , a bloody ear has teeth marks where skin should be .  In another , her forearm is covered in a
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother .  She had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm .  Patty 's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative .  The video was captured in February but the priceless reaction is only now emerging online .
The three-year-old chimpanzee was kept in a wooden box for two weeks .  The illegal animal traders had been trying to find a buyer on the black market .  They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone last week .  They were caught by the Guinea Ministry of Environment , the Gendarmerie and the Guinée-Application de la Loi Faunique -LRB- GALF -RRB- project .  WARA
Sam Reese recently appeared on Channel 4 's First Dates .  The 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date Kathleen to split the bill with him .  The action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter .  ` I had death threats , one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I ' m dead , ` he said .
Raheem Sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight .  Liverpool have repeatedly told the press and the fans that there would be no problem and Sterling would sign the new deal .  In the middle of December , Rodgers described Sterling as ` a talisman ' and told us he was confident he would stay .  Last month he described the new offer to Sterling
Adam Gadahn , a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden , was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman .  He had treason charges pending against him , was killed in a drone strike in January .
Girl , 6 , sexually assaulted by boy of the same age at school in Blackburn , Lancashire .  But officers are powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility is ten .  Girl 's mother says officials refused to remove the boy from her class .  She says she has now been forced to move the girl to another school .  Lancashire Police confirmed they received a report but
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram .  With 342,969 photos , it trumps Sydney 's Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos .  It is followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641 photos .  The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most ` Instragrammed ' places in Australia as part
Shauna McGlasson , 25 , became trapped in the turnstiles at Blackpool Pleasure Beach .  She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time .  The toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself .  Shauna , who was a takeaway addict , ballooned to 17st in August last year .  The mother-of-one was left red faced after the embarrassing incident .  Shauna has
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel , both 44 from Riviera Beach , Florida , have been charged with child neglect .  They allegedly locked two of their children in a closet for days on end and forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school .  The children , a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year old old girl , were never taken to a doctor or
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC .  Global tour of the motoring show looked like it may face the axe .  BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of latest series .  But the presenter has now reached an agreement over the remaining live shows .  Shows have been rebranded from Top Gear Live to Clarkson , Hammond and
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight .  This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual ` apocalyptic ' dust storm , known in Arabic as a haboob , struck Belarus , turning day to night .  China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year .  China has been
The ` Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay ' -LRB- MIND -RRB- diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad -- along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine .  These ` brain-healthy foods ' lowered the risk of Alzheimer 's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly .  For those who followed it moderately well , it lowered risk by
Dundee United host Dundee United at Dens Park on Wednesday night .  United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions , drawing the other two , while their last league victory was back on January 24 against Motherwell .  Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves , following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness .  That has
Padraig Harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters .  A month ago Harrington had fallen outside the world 's top 300 .  He accepted an invitation to play in the Honda Classic in Florida .  The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger .  It was the first major championship this century for which he 'd failed to qualify .  He said
Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton 's Scooby Doo van in a handicapped spot in Council Bluffs , Iowa on Thursday .  The presidential nominee was in a meeting with state Democratic Party officials .  Mrs . Clinton has round-the-clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of a former U.S. . president , Bill Clinton .
Ex-Secretary of State was asked about use of personal email in December 2012 .  But she refused to answer the question until Clinton left in February 2013 .  Leaked letter casts further shadow over Clinton just days into 2016 campaign .
The 36-year-old daredevil will walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in Orlando , Florida , this month .  The Orlando Eye , part of a new entertainment complex , will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed , air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on May 4 .  The seventh-generation member of the ` Flying Wallenda ' family of acrobats has walked
Alan Pardew was Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland .  Palace have ambitions of finishing in the Premier League 's top 10 this season .  Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night and have ambitions to finish in the top 10 .  The Eagles have gone on to win a fifth Tyne-Wear derby in a row .  The Eagles are currently 11th in the table ,
U.S. . envoy Mark Lippert said in a speech on Wednesday that if North Korea improves its human rights record , it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world , including the United States .  The North 's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said his remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility .  The 42-year-old was slashed in the face with
Duke-led study says global warming has n't happened as fast as expected .  Claims that natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates .  ` Climate wiggles ' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade , and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations .  If not properly explained
Chelsea are favourites to win the Barclays Premier League .  Manchester City , the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join Chelsea in the Champions League .  Liverpool , Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four .  The outside trio are set to secure the Europa League places if Arsenal win the FA Cup .  Burnley and QPR are losing pace down
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents want Boston Marathon bomber to be executed .  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , killed three people and injured 260 others in the April , 2013 bombings .  Last week prosecutors described the 21-year-old as ` America 's worst nightmare '  Poll found less than 20 per cent of residents said he should be put to death .  And in the city of Boston
Teenage waitress claims Aaron Lennon grabbed her and ripped her top .  18-year-old fled to the toilet in tears after incident at Suede nightclub in Manchester .  He was interviewed by police on suspicion of assault earlier this month .  Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing .  Lennon , who has 21 England caps , lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
Ukip leader said he had to ` confess ' that he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English and understand Britain 's legal system .  He was asked on BBC Newsnight whether he was anti-immigration or preferred some foreigners to others .  Remarks come after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back .
Angela Eagle , Labour 's shadow leader of the Commons , revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament to ` try to build a majority '  But the SNP , forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs , suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme .  Senior
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $ 23trillion in 2009 , combination of tax and real estate data .  Land in the country , minus all the buildings , roads and trees on top of it , achieved its peak value of $ 26.2 trillion in 2006 before sliding down three trillion dollars in three years .  Washington DC had the greatest land value
Yaya Toure has hinted he is open to a move away from Manchester City .  The 31-year-old has been linked with a move to Inter Milan .  Toure is wanted by his former manager Roberto Mancini .  City are fourth in the Premier League after a dismal run of form .
# 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection '  Can also fix grey hair , reshape your face and even fill in bald patches .  Can also whiten teeth , remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face entirely .  FEMAIL 's Bianca London , Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff tested it out .  Claims to give any user the ability
The dress-a jacket and full skirt ensemble-was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when Scarlett O ` Hara encounters Rhett Butler , played by Clark Gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town .  When Leigh wore it in the movie , it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray .  It was one of more
The former head of General Electric spoke to DailyMail . com CEO Jon Steinberg .  He said : ` Why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating ? '  He warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education , which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are
Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll is Australia 's answer to Lara Croft .  The 28-year-old has been playing Call Of Duty since 2007 .  She now has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch .  Bonnie 's Twitch channel has had almost one million views so far .  She has also had her computer address and phone number leaked to others .  She has been able
AP McCoy has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles .  Became the most successful Jump jockey of all time when surpassing Richard Dunwoody 's tally of 1,699 winners in August , 2002 .  Rode his 4,000 th winner on Mountain Tunes at Towcester on 7th November 2013 .  Beat former trainer Martin Pipe 's total number of winners of 4,191 in July 2014 .  Voted BBC Sports Personality of
Eloise Parry , known as Ella , died this week after taking a lethal dose of diet pills .  She ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing 2,4-dinitrophenol , or DNP .  After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat .  While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her , she died just three hours later .  Her mother said her daughter never
College juniors Emily Clark , 20 , of Powder Springs , Morgan Bass , Abbie Deloach , 21 , Catherine Pittman , 21 and Caitlyn Baggett , 21 were killed in a multi-vehicle crash early Wednesday morning .  Fellow students Brittney McDaniel , of Reidsville , and Megan Richards , of Loganville , survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries .  The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean at the end of the first half .  Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon was sent off in the second half for a foul on Marley Watkins .  Celtic keeper Greg Tansey equalised with the resultant spot-kick .  Edward Ofere and John Guidetti swapped goals in extra-time
Diwalinen Vankar , 58 , went to the Vishwamitri River to wash their clothes .  As they were wringing out their laundry , a mugger crocodile grabbed 19-year-old Kanta 's leg and dragged her into the murky river .  Vankar grabbed her daughter 's hand to try and pull her free from the clutches of the crocodile .  But therocodile grabbed its powerful jaws round her daughter with razor-sharp teeth
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri composed an emotional song to use as his best man 's speech .  The 25-year-old toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in Sherbrooke , east of Melbourne .  Daniel started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of Stay With Me .  ` Guess
Liberal Democrats admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7 , compared with 57 elected in 2010 .  Senior party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish ` in the 30s '  Mr Clegg said first of what he dubbed ` Premier League policies ' is # 5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms .  It
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer .  Benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge .  He won 63 Test caps between January 1952 and February 1964 , collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin -LRB- at a very good average of 27 -RRB- and scoring 2,201 runs at 24 .  If
Police believe the shooter was Kenneth Stancil , 20 , a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina .  The 20-year-old walked into the campus library at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor , and fired one shot .  It is not known if he was related to Rod Lane , who worked in the school
Celtic came from a goal down to beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead .  Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in the 19-minute .  Celtic are eight points clear at the top of the Premiership .  Celtic travel to Hampden Park in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Kris Commons and Darryl Westlake scored in the first half .  Kris Commons equalised eight minutes later for Celtic .  Griffiths was named
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early February .  The cause of the collision remains unknown and Brody 's daughters remain adamant that their mother would n't have meant to hurt anyone .  Danielle , Julia and Alexa Brody say their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about
Judges rejected Home Secretary Theresa May 's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of ` unacceptably savage ' abuse he faced in Libya .  It means he will be able to continue his drink-fuelled offending spree in Britain .  His case is estimated to have cost British taxpayers a six-figure sum , including the cost of police time , legal fees and the costs of
Mohamed Diame is set to return from injury for Hull City 's clash with Swansea .  The Senegalese midfielder has been out for more than four months with a knee injury .  The 27-year-old signed for # 3.5 m from West Ham in the summer .  Hull are currently 15th in the Premier League with eight games to play .  Owner Assem Allam has applied to the Football Associations that
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley .  Second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather .  Swaffsord had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana .  Weekley , the first-round leader after a 64 , also was 11 under with three holes left .  Jason Day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself with a snowball and his racket on Twitter .  The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel , the football team he supports .  Federer decided to skip the Miami Open this year as a matter of ` physical preservation '
` The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument , ' press secretary Josh Earnest said today .  ` The president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science , ' he said .  ` And there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden .  The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats .  Ada Taylor , from R T Edgar Real Estate , said the beautiful property is reminiscent of the Audrey Hepburn classic Sabrina .  While the doors of the ` breathtaking ' property
Richard Eckersley is training with La Liga side Elche .  The former Manchester United and Burnley full-back is currently training with Elche .  The 26-year-old is a free agent after leaving Old Trafford .  He made just two Premier League appearances for United .
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was on his second shift at Premier Stores in Flixton .  The father-of-three was attacked by a knife-wielding robber at 8.45 pm on Tuesday .  The man , armed with a large kitchen knife , demanded all the money from the till .  CCTV footage shows the thief vaulting the counter before wrestling with the cashier .  The pair can both be seen grappling over the knife
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are ` very happy ' with Luis Enrique .  Enrique only took charge of the club last summer and has impressed .  The 44-year-old signed a two-year deal at the Nou Camp last summer .  Barcelona are six games away from winning the La Liga title .
Pamela Anderson and Joe Arpaio appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet .  Inmates are served a peanut butter sandwich with oranges and some crackers for brunch and a hot meal comprised of different vegetable and soy dishes for dinner .  Anderson , a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group People
The 53-second video , posted on YouTube , features footage of the unnamed woman .  She was attempting to speak to several officers in South Gate , California .  After a brief struggle the man-later identified as a deputy U.S. . Marshal-grabbed her cell phone .  He then throws it to the ground and kicks it away in a fit of rage .  South Gate Police Chief Randy Davis has
Prince William will take his full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born .  He will take time off to be with his wife and new baby , like he did when his son , Prince George , was born in 2013 .  Contingency plans have been put in place in case Kate is outside of London when labour starts .  He faces a two-hour hospital dash
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated due to the fire in Holborn , which has been raging for more than 24 hours .  More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today , with businesses , government departments and tourist attractions forced to close ahead of Easter weekend .  Firefighters and gas workers are still battling to extinguish the fire , which started in a tunnel carrying electrical
The CHP became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12 : 30 pm Wednesday .  The woman was ` weaving , accelerating and slowing down , ' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division Twitter .
The Red Wings ` Drew Miller was left with a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin .  The incident occurred during the first period of Tuesday 's game between the Red Wings and the Senators .  While falling to the ice , Ottawa 's Mark Stone lifted his skate and struck Miller under the visor with the blade .  Miller
Sheldon Nadelman , 80 , worked at Terminal Bar , a 41st Street and 8th Avenue watering hole , from 1973 to 1982 .  He would meet and photograph women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to work the streets .  Photos taken from behind the bar show a side of Times Square that has disappeared in the glare
Jessica Kemp says teachers at Seminole County Elementary threatened to suspend her son .  32-year-old says her son has been using ` essential oils ' all year .  Claims the oils are a distraction to youngsters around him .  Says she has received a letter from the local school board saying the oils had created a ` problem '
Alex Tettey opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the ninth minute .  Norwich midfielder Albert Adomah doubled Middlesbrough 's lead in the second half .  The result gave Middlesbrough a slim lead at the top of the Championship .  Aitor Karanka 's side could be overtaken on Saturday when Bournemouth play Sheffield Wednesday and Watford this afternoon .  Middlesbrough have won three games in six days , especially against Norwich
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Kevin Spacey and his wife Claire .  The capital is filled with Underwood wannabes : senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match .  The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots .  The decor suggests an atmosphere of civility and restraint .  The stuffed heads of deer and bison are redolent of a New England country
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara -- a Sikh temple -- during a campaign tour .  But his team banned national media journalists from the event .  Sikh community leader Davinder Singh said the attitude of the Labour leader 's team went against the ethos of his faith .  He suspected Mr Miliband did not want to be widely pictured in a head-covering in case the pictures were embarrassing -- something
Last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow , Oklahoma .  Ten products recalled earlier in March were from a production line at a plant the company 's headquarters in Brenham , Texas .  The now-recalled ice cream product-cups of chocolate , strawberry and vanilla-is not sold in retail locations and is
Barbaric list of ` religious punishments ' posted on ISIS website .  List includes ` death ' for anyone who insults God or blasphemes against Islam .  Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death .  Couples who have an affair can expect 100 lashes and banishment .  Those guilty of ` highway robbery ' face crucifixion and 80 lashes .  Homosexuality is also to
57 % of adults in the UK claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week because the ` stigma ' of shopping in budget stores has ended , experts say .  Of those 53 % are in the top A / B social class , who on average earn more than # 35,000-a-year .  Retail consultancy group ` Him ! ' found variety discounters selling everything from sweets
Choosing the right punishment for a naughty child is a difficult business .  Others that work very well include the mind-numbingly dull chores .  Some cunning parents take away their child 's favourite possession , like a book or a teddy , while others resort to a lengthy lecture .  One Reddit user 's mother used her son 's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house .
Seattle-based filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent three months in Thailand .  He filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui , in the Gulf of Thailand .  The high definition video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops , fishing boats and waterfalls .  It also includes scenes of Wat Phra Yai , known as Big Buddha Temple , on Ko Phan .  The full-length video has been a
Kevin Pietersen made his first appearance for Surrey since the Old Trafford Test against Australia in August 2013 .  Pietersen 's only hope of playing for England is to score lots of runs for Surrey -- wind , rain or shine .  The 34-year-old 's quest for an improbable return to international cricket began with a standing ovation from the crowd at The Parks .  Pietersen has played exclusively Twenty20
Lionel Messi sat out both of his country 's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break .  Messi returned to Barcelona on Thursday , 24 hours ahead of schedule .  He trained with his compatriot Javier Mascherano on Thursday .  The pair are expected to rejoin the rest of the squad on Friday .  Luis Enrique 's side travel to Celta Vigo in La Liga on Sunday
Shadow chancellor has repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books .  The number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from about 2million to 5million in two decades .  Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power .  Labour has vowed not to increase VAT or National Insurance as part of measures to bring down the deficit if they win the
Charli Stewart 's YouTube channel , CharlisCraftyKitchen , has become YouTube 's largest food channel .  The eight-year-old 's videos have earned her an estimated $ 127,000 a month .  She beat household names such as Jamie Oliver to claim the title .  The Australian entrepreneur and her sister Ashlee have an average of 29 million views per month .  The channel has more than 320,000 subscribers who eagerly await
West Coast Railways have been suspended after a near collision on March 7 .  The company owns the Hogwarts Express and offers steam train excursions .  The train was installed at a new Harry Potter tour at Warner Bros Studios in Leavesden last month .  Network Rail said it had ` demonstrated that its controls , communication and commitment following the recent -LSB- incident -RSB- were inadequate '
Delroy Facey , 34 , is accused of conspiring to commit bribery .  Facey is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via WhatsApp to fix matches .  The former Bolton Wanderers striker also allegedly told a player that some Conference teams would ` do ' a game in return for payment .  Facey 's former clubs include Hull City and West Bromwich Albion .  He is also accused of
Julio ` Wemo ' Acevedo , 46 , was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide .  Nachman and Raizel Glauber , 21 , were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash in Williamsburg , Brooklyn .  The Hasidic couple were heading to the hospital in their Toyota Camry when the crash occurred .  The couple 's baby boy was delivered but the child died the next
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients .  Cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious brain tumours .  Scientists are also conducting clinical trials and preclinical studies into the effects of marijuana .  The new advice comes as a group of senators put pressure on the US federal government to recognise the
Heather Mack , 19 , is accused of murdering her mother , Sheila von Wiese-Mack .  The socialite 's body was found stuffed in a suitcase in August last year .  Mack , from Chicago , is being held in Kerobokan Prison in Bali .  Indonesia 's Justice and Human Rights Minister Yasona Laoly called in unexpectedly .  He has offered Mack the chance to place the baby with a
Ed Miliband will today claim Labour 's attitude to immigration has ` changed '  He will insist he offers a ` clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration '  He will say : ` We will deal with people 's concerns because we have listened and we have changed '  His own shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target
Richard and Angela Maxwell , both 67 , have become 10th biggest winners of Euromillions .  Couple , from Coningsby , Lincolnshire , became 10th on National Lottery rich list .  Mrs Maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an April Fool 's Day joke .  She said : ` I just said `` do n't be stupid ''-he 's always playing jokes so I thought it was a
Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30 .  The Liverpool captain was suspended for the quarter-final replay against Blackburn .  Philippe Coutinho scored the game 's only goal to book their place in the semi-final with Aston Villa .
Tony Pulis has never finished in the top half of the Premier League .  The 57-year-old 's overall record is one of the worst of any long-serving Premier League manager .  West Brom 's home defeats against QPR and Leicester City have left them stuck on 33 points .  But why has he never finished higher than 11th , achieved in 2009 / 10 with Stoke and 20013 / 14
The Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters .  The 19-year-old has been tipped for big things by the likes of Rory McIlroy .  Neil won the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and the British Amateur Championship last year .
The death of a 20-month-old toddler is being treated as suspicious by police .  The infant was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after .  Forensic officers executed a crime scene warrant on Wednesday .  The child 's parents have been spoken to and they are in ongoing contact with them .
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue .  The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February 's leadership spill .  His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes .  The then shadow minister opened
Thomas Jordan Driver , 25 , David Elliot Moran , 47 , and Charles Thomas Newcomb , 42 , were arrested Thursday on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder .  The three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan .  The FBI was alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the Klan , according to an arrest affidavit .
The 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an Australian father 's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday 's show .  She vowed to try the method , which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby 's face until the tot nods off .  But she soon learned that the trick did n't have a calming effect on her energetic
Tyrone Mings posted a text message conversation on his Instagram account .  His mother thanked him for wiping ` all my debt away '  The 22-year-old added : ` This is why I do it , this makes worth it -LSB- sic -RSB- '  His apparent act of generosity drew over 2,000 ` likes ' and lots of praise from his followers .
Christopher Bridger , 25 , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions .  The paramedic , from Stevenage , Hertfordshire , was jailed for 12 years .  He was convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year .  The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the medical register .  A jury at Guildford Crown Court found him guilty of raping a fellow student .  A
Scottish First Minister said : ` I understand how people south of the border think , `` Oh my goodness how will it work ? It 's a mess '  She suggested David Cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the SNP .  She insisted she would put Ed Miliband into Downing Street even if Labour wins 40 fewer seats .  Polls suggest SNP is on the brink of
University of South Carolina student , who has not been identified , was pictured in Snapchat .  She was writing ` reasons why USC WiFi blows ' on board .  List included ` incompetent ' professors , ` ratchets ' , ` overpopulated campus ' and parking .  But at the top of the list was the word ` n * * * 1 * s '  She was a
Winston Churchill , then 84 , was President Eisenhower 's guest of honour at party in 1959 .  The gathering was held at the home of the US ambassador in London .  It was held on the 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany 's invasion of Poland .  It brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign .  The former prime minister seemed to be struggling to keep
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .  Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top .
Danny Garcia takes on Lamont Peterson in a New York showdown on Saturday .  The light welterweight champion stripped off his sock to show his six toes .  Garcia has a 29-0 record and currently holds the Ring Magazine , WBC and WBA Light Welterweight titles .
Father , only known as John , has written an open letter to his local council , South Gloucestershire , pleading for action to combat a ` serious drug problem '  He said his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers targeting schools .  He said the ` bright and beautiful ' GCSE pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and `
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -LRB- EBUS -RRB- allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .  Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first
The standard Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van does not have a bolt sticking out from the back door .  The Baltimore Police Department may have customised their own vehicles .  A review of official diagrams of the Chevrolet Express does not show anything for Gray to have hit his head on .  Gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt in the back of the
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday .  Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery , Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba are all out through injury .  The Bavarians are looking for a Treble of Bundesliga , DFB-Pokal and Champions League .  Pep Guardiola 's side are chasing three titles this season .  Bayern beat Borussia Dortmund , Bayer Leverkusen and Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 on Saturday .
Swansea are willing to listen to offers for left-back Neil Taylor .  Tony Pulis is keen for the 26-year-old to fill in at left back .  Garry Monk would be willing to sell the Wales international if the offer was right .
Porto have been unbeaten in the Champions League this season .  Julen Lopetegui 's side beat Basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round .  Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as they beat Bayern Munich 3-1 .  The Algerian struggled during short spells with Chelsea and Inter Milan .  He was given a chance in December 2013 , having previously played for Besiktas and Al-Ahli .  The 31-year-old has had short
Frenchwoman used her classes to defend Hitler 's plans for overseas expansion .  She said she hoped ` German tanks come to Renoir to subdue unruly pupils '  Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher .  She has since been suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges , France .  She has denied any wrong doing , saying she was ` very
Louis Jordan , 37 , was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast .  He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket .  But doubters have questioned how he seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal .  Claimed he broke his shoulder during one of the three times his boat
Martin Odegaard was in line to become Real Madrid 's youngest ever player .  The 16-year-old was on the bench as Real Madrid Almeria 3-0 .  The Norway international did not turn 17 until December .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side are currently bottom of La Liga .
Biso the cat was trapped behind a wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station in 2010 .  The cat was a kitten but soon became to big to escape the wall .  The elderly man named Uncle Abdo gave the cat water and fed him scraps of food every day .  Now , the feline has finally been freed thanks to a social media campaign .  The cat 's plight
Bianca Gascoigne , 28 , was mugged by a gang on bikes in Marylebone .  The former model 's phone was reportedly full of private texts from her father .  The 28-year-old is said to have been left devastated by the nature of the messages .  She said : ` They were all hooded up so I could n't see them properly . It was terrifying '  She later took
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV to insist no troops are in Ukraine .  Wrinkles on his forehead have disappeared , while skin is smooth , taut and younger .  In both photographs the skin of the 62-year-old 's face is more saggy .  He has visible dark circles under his eyes and has visible crow 's-feet ` on his eyes .  Pictures taken in 2007 and 2010 show him
Chris Ball made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family .  The 21-year-old told them not to blame themselves and reassure them there is nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life .  His family have shared the video to raise awareness of the crippling disease , which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer .  He was
Alison Saunders 's position as country 's top prosecutor looked bleak .  She faced criticism from Home Secretary , police chiefs , crime tsars and MPs .  Mrs Saunders accused of ignoring rights of victims and perpetrating Establishment cover-ups .
Blake , 27 , gave birth to daughter James three months ago .  Has been promoting her new movie , Age Of Adaline , in which she stars with Harrison Ford and Michiel Huisman .
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons .  We reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars .
AP McCoy rode Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle at Aintree on Thursday .  Arctic Fire , ridden by Ruby Walsh , fell at the final hurdle at this year 's Grand National Festival on Thursday afternoon .  McCoy was able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory after the fall .  The soon-to-retire 40-year-old will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday .  The Filipino star had been training at trainer Freddie Roach 's Wild Card Gym in Los Angeles .  The 36-year-old arrived at the Mandalay Bay hotel on Monday night ahead of the bout .  The pair will meet at the Las Vegas venue at the end of the week .  Sportsmail looks at the
Anaesthetic gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the Earth 's atmosphere where they are contributing to climate change .  Desflurane , isoflurane and halothane are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide .  Concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade .  Study by Swiss Federal Laboratories for Material Science and Technology in Dubendorf
Ashley Manzie unearthed the medal while combing a Melbourne park with his metal detector last week .  The medal belonged to Frederick George Biddulph , who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 .  Mr Manzie posted photos of the medal to an online fossicking forum , which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton , the family 's great-nephew .  Mr Norton thinks
James Morrison gave West Brom the lead after two minutes with a corner from Chris Brunt .  Alan Pardew 's side then doubled their lead with a fine long range effort from Craig Gardner .  Tony Pulis returned to Selhurst Park for the first time since leaving Crystal Palace two days earlier .  The former Crystal Palace boss was applauded as he returned to the club .  Paulis ` side
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle 's top scorer this season with 11 goals .  The Senegalese striker is serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans .  Newcastle are currently one point above the bottom three in the Premier League .  Magpies take on Sunderland in Sunday 's crunch derby at St James ` Park .  Cisse 's 11 goals have lifted them to mid-table in the league .  Click
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in central Victoria at 9.30 am on Good Friday .  It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since .  He has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .  Searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for the autistic boy .
BBC Radio Derby broadcaster Colin Bloomfield has died aged 33 from skin cancer .  One Direction star Niall Horan has led tributes to Bloomfield on Twitter .  Bloomfield worked as a presenter , reporter and commentator for 10 years .  He died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning .  Bloomfield was described as a ` super great guy and great commentator '  Derby County spokesman Colin
Clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the household products company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new ` em oji ' cartoons for iPhones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin .  The gaffe is only the latest example of companies like AT & T and Kenneth Cole that have sparked
Andrew Anderson , 43 , ` strategised ' his shopping at Tesco in Burnage , Manchester .  He grabbed a TV near the bottom of a pallet , only for Julie McGoldrick , 53 , to grab the same one at the same time .  She ended up on the floor and in serious pain as Tesco workers pulled Mr Anderson and pulled him while he was holding the TV-taking
Carole Maggio , the LA-based creator of Facercise , has created a range of facial exercises .  The Furrow Smoother involves spreading the fingers across the centre of the forehead , then pulling her fingertips down while pushing her brows up to work her forehead muscles .  The Nose Transformer requires me to push up the tip of my nose with my index finger while pulling her upper lip down
Mel Greig , 33 , married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November .  The couple 's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis .  She was told she would not be able to fall pregnant naturally .  It was then that she made the decision to have IVF treatment .  Since then , she has discovered that some women are embarrassed
More than 23,500 mammoth bones were found riddled with osteoporosis .  Deficiency in calcium came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water .  This meant mammoths broke their limbs and spines , leaving them unable to walk .  This meant the giant animal , which stood 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- high , collapsed to the ground and could not forage for food , or flee hunters
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma 's husband Keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 .  He passed away at his New Bedford , Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64 .  Powers also played Moochie on CBS detective drama Mickey Spillane 's Mike Hammer between 1984 and 1985 .  He also had guest appearances on shows like Gimme a Break ,
Guernsey Police executed search warrants at Eagle Medical Practice and private address on the island of Alderney .  Health & Social Services Department said a doctor was excluded from treating patients at Mignot Memorial Hospital and General Medical Council was informed .  The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons .  No arrests have been made .
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the move could unlock # 400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars .  Mr Burnham accused David Cameron of failing to get tough on the Premier League despite a massive increase in its TV revenues during his time in power .  The league puts # 168million into grassroots sport but this represents only a fraction of the # 5billion
The Waze app , which operates like a free GPS navigation tool , has 50million users in 200 countries .  It allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , congestion , traffic cameras , potholes and more .  Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police officers .  He posted screenshots of the app on
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed .  Patrick De Koster is keen to speak to Wolfsburg and show them the respect he feels they deserve .  The Belgian midfielder has been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich .
` Climate change can no longer be denied . It ca n't be edited out , ' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day .  The day trip to South Florida , on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye ` the Science Guy , ' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One , however ,
Charlesetta Taylor , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St . Louis .  Taylor was a member of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others , may be bulldozed .  This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency .  If residents are not willing to
Kimberly Greenberg left her Santa Monica home to calm down on March 24 .  The 15-year-old autistic teenager has not been seen since .  Her mother has made an urgent appeal for help .
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour -- a process that can take up to two years -- in just a day or two .  The product , which retails at # 50 , is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione .  After three years of experimenting , Joel has developed what he claims is the ` smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made '  The
Indonesia 's attorney-general said the Bali Nine duo will be executed soon .  The pair 's last-ditch legal appeal against their Indonesian death row sentence was heard on Monday in Jakarta 's state administrative court .  Indonesian President Joko Widodo refused to grant clemency to Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .  Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president 's obligations in clemlemency
US Ambassador Stephen Mull apologised for comments made by FBI director James Coney .  Coney wrote an opinion piece claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany .  The piece , titled Why I require FBI agents to visit the Holocaust Museum , sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media .  Mr Mull said he now had ` a lot of work ' to do to rectify the situation
South Carolina mother-of-four Amanda Peake Glover died Saturday after running the Palmetto Half Marathon .  Glover was a fitness lover who co-owned a fitness center and a month before her death had run a full marathon with her brother , who said they crossed the finish line hand-in-hand .  She is survived by her husband Benjamin , daughters Hope , Reagan and Caroline and son Walker .
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow was two years old when she and her grandmother fled Somalia 's civil war and moved to Canada .  She has amassed a legion of followers since she began posting pictures and videos regularly last August .  The 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions of Somalia with her photos and videos that show a side of Somalia that most people would never discover on their
Rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails .  Rules were introduced after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release despite a history of prison escapes .  The Skull Cracker had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the Old Bailey .  He was told that he must serve at least eight years in jail before
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy .  A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff 's Department on Friday says Scott began shouting at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer .  Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail .  The news comes as another
Celtic are considering a # 400,000 offer for Hearts captain Danny Wilson .  The defender is out of contract at the end of the season but is in no rush to sell .  Celtic are battling to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer .  Celtic manager Ronny Deila admits Wilson is one of the potential central defensive reinforcements being considered .  Defender has 12 months left on
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday .  Benik Afobe opened the scoring before Bakary Sako scored a penalty .  Dexter Blackstock pulled one back for Forest four minutes into injury time , but it was too little , too late .  Dougie Freedman believes the difference between the two sides was a simple composure in front of goal .  Wolves boss Kenny Jackett has
Newcastle have won just two games under John Carver .  Alan Pardew 's former assistant has managed just two wins in 14 games .  Newcastle have lost their last five Premier League fixtures .
Stephen Howells , 39 , and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey were charged with sexually exploiting two Amish girls and other children last summer .  The girls , then seven and 12 , were abducted from their family 's farm in Oswegatchie , New York , on August 13 .  Authorities say they were shackled to a bed and sexually abused .  They were released 24 hours later and returned
Prime Minister was repeatedly interrupted on Radio 1 Live Lounge .  He was repeatedly asked to rule out a deal with Northern Ireland 's DUP .  Host Chris Smith offered to bet # 1,000 that he would not win a majority .  Listeners commented on Twitter accused the programme of ` leftist hostility '  One user said : ` Who is this guy ? Simply should n't be allowed to
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to Melissa .  The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers .  Some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help , describing his messages as ` creepy and inappropriate '  He says by gaining retweets , ` likes ' on his Facebook page and using hashtags # michaellovesmelissa
Elliot Kear will return to rugby league after a season with London Welsh .  26-year-old has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh .  Kear left Bradford at the end of last season .
Gary Lincoln , 48 , from Port Talbot , Wales , was working in a house in Cardiff .  His jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist .  He put in in his sleeve ` to hold everything together ' and was taken to hospital .  Surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month .  ` I '
Ed Miliband dismisses claims he would be held to ransom by SNP as Prime Minister .  Says SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy even if he fails to win majority .  Comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Labour can only govern with SNP .  She said Labour must do what party must do to get SNP 's support .  Ed Milband refused to admit he
Stunning shots make up short-list for Wisden -- MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 , won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis .  Winning image of West Indies player Dwayne Bravo shows him taking a full-length catch during last year 's ICC World Twenty20 competition in Bangladesh .  portraits of ordinary players also make the list , from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting
Spencer Bell , 71 , ventured on to M1 after man fell from bridge .  As he tended victim , Alan Tretheway , 67 , he was struck by a Toyota .  Mrs Shahzad , 32 , pleaded guilty to causing Mr Bell 's death last week .  She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment , suspended for two years .
More than half of voters do not want to see Nicola Sturgeon or SNP calling the shots .  ComRes poll reveals 54 % want her kept out of next UK government .  59 % want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country .  Polls in Scotland put SNP on course to make huge gains north of border .  Ed Miliband and Ms Sturgen have
Michael McIndoe fronted a # 30million investment scheme in 2011 .  He lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a 20 % return .  But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt last year .  The tricky winger was known as ` Mr Big ' in Marbella , where he partied with glamorous girls .  The 35-year-old said he was now surviving on the
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The mega-fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport .  The Filipino boxer has posted a series of Instagram posts showing off his athletic body .  The undefeated world champion puts his 47-0 record on the line .
Residents in Hatton Garden say they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the # 60million heist .  They also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday .  But they thought this was simply a continuation of road works in recent weeks .  Ex-bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith believes the gang made an unplanned return to
The groom 's brother lost control of the Kalashnikov at a reception in Riyadh .  As he fires off the celebratory round , he loses control of it and fires at the wall by mistake , sending bullets spraying across the street .  The 30-second clip , believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone , has been viewed nearly 140,000 times .  The Saudi government has been calling
Men aged in their 50s and from the York area have been arrested this morning .  Miss Lawrence , 35 , was last seen on March 18,2009 .  She failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York .  Police have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts .  A man in his 50s was arrested last month on suspicion
Wayne Rooney has hailed Marouane Fellaini as one of the best in world football .  The Belgian has emerged as a potent attacking weapon under Louis van Gaal .  He was recently described as almost undroppable by United boss Van Gaal .  Manchester United beat rivals City 2-1 in the derby on Sunday .  The Red Devils are now in third place in the Premier League after six league wins
The St George New Generation show was held at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Thursday .  Models strut down the runway in Marriam Seddiq 's sheer dresses and pants .  Raffles International Showcase featured seven emerging designers from the Raffles College of Design and Commerce .  The talent included 580 , Any Step , Asanovski , Cynthia Francisca , De Le Motte , Iven Teh , and Sara Aljaism .
Dani Alves is out of contract with Barcelona this summer .  Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly interested in signing the defender .  Alves has since claimed he is not thinking about leaving the Catalan club .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Jeff McCubbery , 72 , from Mandurang and Ian Bullock , 65 , from Blackburn have designed a range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo .  The best mates from rural Victoria have vowed to keep Aussie slang alive by making memorabilia that encapsulates the fading vernacular .  The pair devised the plan after meeting on a fishing trip 25 years
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014 .  The 26-year-old from Burnham-on-Sea plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in Rio .  Phillips would dearly love to reclaim the world title he won in Auckland two years ago at this year 's World Championships in Belgium in July .  The
The riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry and Cairo 's Al-Ahly clashed .  An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court 's verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death .  The clashes in the Port Said stadium sparked days of violent protests in Cairo , which led to another 16 deaths .  Eleven of the fans
David Norris , 51 , attacked his wife Dionne at St Nicholas Church , Southfleet .  She was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother 's in October last year .  She begged him to think of their children as he attacked her repeatedly .  He only stopped stabbing her when she ` played dead ' and a member of the public intervened .  He was jailed
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp including diarist Anne Frank and her older sister Margot .  British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15,1945 .  Today , seventy years on , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials .  Joachim Gauck , the German president , said the British soldiers were ` ambassadors of a democratic culture
Nasa 's Mars rover Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 in the large crater , Gale , located just south of the equator .  Researchers say that Gale Crater was once a giant lake on the red planet .  The substance perchlorate has been found in the soil , which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice , but is liquid and present in very
Bobbi Ann House , 39 , hit headlines in 2010 when she married at least 14 servicemen to gain access to their bank accounts .  She and her husband , Zackerie House , 27 , are now wanted by Marion County police .  They are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $ 13,500 .  The purchases started in Oregon in early March , then moved
Two 18-year-old men were arrested on Saturday for allegedly planning an ` ISIS inspired ' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony .  They were ` associates ' of Abdul Numan Haider , who was killed by police last year .  It is believed the two men had visited the controversial Al-Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale .  It was also revealed the young men had personal links with a
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in England .  The 34-year-old has played in his position , and alongside him , it has been frustrating .  Carrick kept the game simple . That 's exactly what we need .  Roy Hodgson 's team against Italy looked like he had one eye on the future , but the only future England need to be focusing on is Euro 2016 .  Even though
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs .  The 21-year-old 's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City .  The frontman recently split with his agents after his family were reportedly disappointed with their insistence on pursuing a deal with City .  He scored the opener in Lyon 's 3-1 win over Guingamp on Saturday .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , was arrested around 1.30 a . m . on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping in Daytona Beach , Florida .  He allegedly shot dead his former work-study supervisor , Ron Lane , at Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina .  Lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years , is believed to have recently fired him
Ganjendra Singh , 41 , was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd gathered below .  ` I am the son of a farmer . He threw me out of home because of damage to the crop . I have three children . I do n't have the money to feed my children . hence , I want to commit suicide
The Hunger Games franchise has grossed over $ 2 billion after three movies .  Before that , the Twilight saga managed $ 3.3 billion over five films from 2008 .  There is still a small group of stars that can command a major opening based on their fan base .  Sandra Bullock topped Forbes ` list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014 .  Leonardo DiCaprio is 40 and a bona
Deputy Labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel , alcohol , tobacco or air fares .  Asked if party would raise the levy on petrol , she said : ` We rule out increasing VAT , the basic or the higher rate of tax '  George Osborne yesterday said the remarks showed Labour would bring back the ` fuel duty escalator ' , scrapped
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ` citizens income ' - which critics say would cost # 280billion -- would take longer than five years to bring in .  The Green Party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement .  She said another Green pledge -- to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines -- was also a ` long-term aspiration '  And the
Marin Cilic was knocked out of the Barcelona Open by Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic .  Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-1 .
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today .  Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy .  Comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen and forced President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee to Riyadh .  Saudi Arabia and several Arab
Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array , or NuStar , has captured a new high-energy X-ray view of the centre of our Milky Way galaxy .  The finding was made by scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania .  They found a ` howls ' of dead stars as they feed on stellar companions .  These stars are thought to be leaving a ` mass grave ' of white dwarf stars .  But
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury .  The Leicester Tigers centre missed England 's entire RBS 6 Nations campaign .  The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in time for the World Cup .  England will begin their preparations with a two-week training camp in early July .
Masked gang tried to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose in Kenilworth .  They used an angle grinder to try and break into the cash machine in a stolen Audi .  Used a circular saw , crowbars and hydraulic cutter-known as angle grinders .  They spent eight minutes trying to access the vault , causing # 20,000 of damage .  They were tracked to a block of flats in
Two-year-old Nathaly Hernandez was filmed as she lip-synced to Miley Cyrus ` Wrecking Ball at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old .  The smiley toddler was born with a number of health complications impacting her joints and movement .  Staff at the facility were stunned by her antics and made a video of her in action last Friday and posted it
Kevin Pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , Brady , as they made dinner at their home in Hudson , Florida last week .  He then shot his older brother , Trevor , 16 , in the leg and then turned the gun on himself .  The boys ` mother , 38 , who works two jobs to keep the family afloat , and another brother ,
Kim Kardashian , her husband Kanye West , their daughter North and Kim 's sister Khloe arrived in the capital of Armenia on Wednesday .  The trip is their first to the country their late father , Robert Karda Shian , fled for America .  The couple are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan in the heart of the city .  The city is known for its cultural ,
England defeated South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo Sevens .  Phil Burgess , Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries .  The victory is their first since February 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far .  Fijians , winners of the last two tournaments in Las Vegas and Hong Kong , edged Canada 21-19 to finish third .  New Zealand suffered a disappointing
Omar Hussain , 27 , from High Wycombe became an ISIS jihadist in Syria .  He used to live at home with his mother and worked as a security guard at Morrisons .  Now he has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker .  Entitled ` Dealing with sisters and social media ' , he advises jihadis not to be disheartened by other jihadi brides .  Creepy fighter also
Scientists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University say Neanderthals may have succumbed to diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold as they migrated out of Africa .  They say modern humans may have passed on slivers of immunity to our ancestors when they interbred .  This could have made them more vulnerable to diseases like cancer and diabetes .  But some
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt on Tuesday that they 'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington .  ` Marijuana is a gateway drug , ' Christie said , citing an ` enormous addiction problem in this country '  ` We need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement
The thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a . m . Wednesday in Durham .  The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity and Center for Multicultural Affairs .  Duke University students took to social media sites to discuss the issue , with many believing it was racially motivated
Tyler Kost , 19 , was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old , most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School .  The Pinal County Attorney 's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation .  Kost 's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women
Martin Fletcher 's book , Fifty-Six-The Story of the Bradford Fire , is being serialised in The Guardian .  It claims that Stafford Heginbotham , Bradford City 's chairman at the time , had been linked to at least eight other fires dating back to 1967 .  The fire at Bradford 's Valley Parade claimed 56 people and injured 265 on May 11,1985 .  Fletcher , who was 12 when
Toby Perkins is deputy chairman of Labour election campaign and MP for Chesterfield .  Email reveals interns are paid just # 25 per week for 12-hour shifts .  Labour claims they will be paid nothing at all , making them volunteers .  Lib Dem Julia Cambridge said : ` This smacks of utter hypocrisy '
Juan Mata , Marcus Rojo , Marouane Fellaini and Ashley Young have proved their worth .  James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season .  He grew up idolising David Beckham and Steven Gerrard .  If he does that , he could well be one of the young England stars fighting for a midfield place at Euro 2016 .  I feel for
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ` soap opera '  He accused ` people with their agendas ' of working against him .  Sandro has defended former manager , saying he is not at fault .  The Brazilian midfielder said he should not shoulder all the blame .
The family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe , saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev .  The family say they are thankful to the government prosecutors for their ` tireless and committed ' work to bring justice .  They are now asking them to drop the fight for execution and sign a plea deal to send the
The story was written by Queen Victoria when she was 10 years old .  Tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , Alice Laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried .  Alice befriends a host of characters , including a ` poor little French orphan ' who has been half-blinded by small pox .  She is falsely accused of smuggling
British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production .  Bowie , 68 , is not expected to perform in the production , titled Lazarus .  He has written with award-winning playwright Enda Walsh , who wrote the hit Broadway musical Once .  Bowie played an alien who was in search of water on Earth but fell in love with television .
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal 's side are currently third in the Premier League .  United 's website claimed the city was turned red in the space of 90 minutes .  City had beaten United four consecutive times going into the derby .  But should the red half of Manchester be so confident ?  City have been dragged back
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Masters .  The 25-year-old is aiming to win the green jacket for the first time in his career .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .
Researchers analysed medical records of nearly two million people for up to ten years .  Those who were overweight -LRB- with a BMI of 25 to 29 -RRB- had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy BMI .  Being underweight increased the risk by 39 per cent .  Dr Nawab Qizilbash , a clinical epidemiologist and the lead researcher , called the results
Experts predict economy will have grown by 0.5 % in first three months of 2015 .  Down from 0.9 % in same period in 2014 , Office for National Statistics says .  Latest figures show economy grew by 2.8 % in whole of 2014 , strongest pace since 2006 .  But since then official monthly figures have shown a dismal start to 2015 for much of economy .  Factory output
Fritz the Golden Retriever was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter .  He miserably failed to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth .  Despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw and hits the grass instead .  Owner Evan Ball hopes that one day the dog will be able to achieve the ` paw-fect ' catch .
Dog was busted by police in the southern Brazilian state of Santa Catarina .  The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back .  The incident happened during a joint police and military operation .  Police recovered a substantial quantity of cocaine , as well as weighing scales , guns and ammunition , at the scene .  Animal psychiatrist and dog trainer Barnie Rico said
The bizarre incident was caught on CCTV and shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at Nottingham train station 's multi-storey car park , damaging it in the process .  Briitish Transport Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public .  It is not clear if the wanted man was attempting to avoid a parking
British mother is among nearly 100 women who have had babies by a Danish sperm donor .  The man , known only as Donor 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 -LRB- NF1 -RRB- .  It can pass on a severe , life-limiting condition to his offspring .  Demand for Danish sperm soaring , the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ` Viking babies ' --
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook 's decision to open up Messenger .  It allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them .  Once downloaded , users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long .  They can then add filters and other effects-similar to instagram .  This is
Sunderland host Crystal Palace at Stadium of Light -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Black Cats midfielder Sebastian Larsson suspended for two games .  Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness .  Mile Jedinak likely to return after four-match suspension if Ledley does not make it .  Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell -LRB- hamstring -RRB- and Jordon Mutch -LRB- thigh -RRB- remain out .  Wes Brown
Danny Ings has scored just once in seven appearances for Burnley .  Sean Dyche has told Ings to ` play with a smile and I ' ve told him he 's best when he does . We ` re looking to him to continue doing that '  Burnley are in the bottom three , just two points from safety .  Ashley Barnes says he has forgotten about the Nemanja Matic
Andy Erlam has announced he will stand to be the next Mayor of Tower Hamlets .  Grandfather won a High Court victory to kick out Lutfur Rahman .  Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014 .  Rahman was branded a ` pathological liar ' and a cheat happy to ` play the race card ' at every turn .  Rahman diverted millions of pounds
Eight teams are battling it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season 's European Rugby Champions Cup .  Leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the Ireland squad who beat England last month .  Clermont have not lost a European game in the Massif Central since a 32-15 defeat by Sale in 2008 .  Racing are flush with money , investing heavily in
NASUWT union said indiscipline is a ` significant problem ' , with teachers sworn at , kicked and punched .  Last year , staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs , brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children 's throats .  Deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism at a primary school in Walsall ,
In 1996 , Kathy Bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention .  In the first years of her life , Jennifer was in and out of the hospital as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness that caused digestive issues and seizures .  Kathy 's lawyer blamed the investigation on Menchausen Syndrome by Proxy-a syndrome that had grown in
Paul Nungesser , a German citizen , is accused of raping Emma Sulkowicz , a senior majoring in visual arts , after class .  Authorities rejected his case , saying he was a ` serial rapist ' who assaulted her after class .  But the case gathered international attention as she publicly paraded her mattress in protest , calling for his indictment .  According to his lawsuit , Columbia presented
Adam Barker will share more than # 500,000 in royalties , according to new accounts .  He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd , which distributes his father 's work .  Company made # 501,319 profit in the year to last June , which will be split with his sister Charlotte , 53 , and brother Laurence , 46 .  Part-time actor was first arrested in 2003
England beat China 2-1 at Manchester City 's Academy Stadium .  Fran Kirby and Jodie Taylor scored for the home side .  The 21-year-old was player of the match when England played the United States in February .  China 's Wang Shanshan pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute .  England made their first change after 61 minutes as Toni Duggan replaced Jade Moore .  It was
Lorraine Valentine , 42 , suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -LRB- EPP -RRB- .  It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable when she is exposed to sunlight .  A holiday abroad left the mother-of-four in hospital for six days .  Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered .  Even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain .  EPP occurs when
Solomon Khoorban , now 33 , attacked a 16-year-old in a nightclub in 2003 .  He punched her so hard in the face that she was knocked unconscious .  He then ordered her to wait in the VIP area for at least 30 minutes , threatening to kill her .  Just two months later , he raped another woman at knifepoint in Greenwich .  It took detectives more than a
IBF super-bantamweight champion Carl Frampton wants to fight Scott Quigg in July .  Matchroom Sport boss Eddie Hearn unveils # 1.5 m cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF champion .  Frampgg 's promoters , Cyclone Promotions , released a press release in response to the offer , claiming they were awaiting formal communication from Hearn 's Matchroom Sports
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the new created role of Director of England cricket .  The former England skipper praised Alastair Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed .  Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year .  Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC
Birmingham is the rat capital of the UK and the London Borough of Southwark has the most mice , cockroaches and bed bugs .  The Midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014 .  Five per cent of residents in Newcastle , more than 6,000 people , called in pest inspectors last year-making Tyneside residents the most likely
Game of Thrones is set to premiere its fifth season tonight .  Online pirates have leaked nearly half of the show 's fifth season .  First four episodes had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday .  The series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world .
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs .  The ball was hit behind and careered into her head during the second inning .  The horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game .  She was placed in a head brace and taken to hospital on a stretcher .  The Pirates tweeted : ` A scary moment here in the 2nd as a fan is
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering pictures of him on a Barbados beach were publicised .  The Hull manager says he was ` disappointed ' that the pictures were published .  Bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old .
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer .  Arsenal need a goalkeeper , a centre back , a holding midfielder and a top-quality striker .  Petr Cech is set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois .  Bayer Leverkusen 's Bernd Leno is attracting interest from Arsenal .  Inter Milan 's Asmir Begovic has also been watched by Arsenal scouts
Jared Quirk , 18 , was in Athens with friends from Rockland High School .  But he fell to the ground while walking through the Greek capital .  He died in hospital after being taken there by ambulance , the Boston Globe reported .  Two other boys who attended the school with him also died in the past six months .  Joshua Rose , 17 , died on October 1
Chloe Hyart , nine , was snatched from a French playground by Zbigniew Huminsk .  The schoolgirl 's body was discovered in a migrant camp last week .  Mourners gathered at St Peter 's Church in Calais , northern France today .  She lovingly touched the small white coffin as it was taken down to the waiting hearse .  More than 6,000 took to the streets of Calais on Saturday
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations .  The club are rooted to the bottom of Serie A .  The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season .
Joe Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to James Anderson 's error .  Root was denied the chance of scoring a double century in Grenada .  The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves .  Anderson strolled back to his wicket and failed to run his bat into the ground .  Root and Anderson made up as they returned to the pavilion for
The presence of Blue Origin , LLC , the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , barely registers in Van Horn , Texas .  Few visitors are allowed beyond the ` No Trespassing ' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force 's renowned Area 51 in Nevada .  The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they `
The 2015 County Championship season begins on Sunday .  Yorkshire are looking to defend their Division One title .  Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier .  Surrey have a flotilla of pace bowlers to look out for .  West Indies paceman Fidel Edwards and Michael Carberry will have a point to prove as well .  Nick Compton has joined Middlesex from Somerset
Researchers at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , California , cut real skin samples and then attempted to pull them apart .  Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing .  They discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share
Jack Cordero , 14 , vomited all over floor of Powell 's in Portland in March .  Manager said the mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean it up .  But she received handwritten apology letter and gift card for ice cream .  It said : ` I ' m pretty grumpy about people and humanity . Oh man , some people are good `
Jacob Hall , from Iowa , enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son , Evan .  The 7-year-old believes the tooth fairy is from Australia because the fabled creature was ` a little late ' in coming to leave money for the child in exchange for his tooth .  Father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek , from Seymour in Victoria , answered Mr Hall 's call
The driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects .  The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze .  No one was injured during the fire , but the car 's entire front end was torched .  The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson .
Hollywood actress Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done .  The 29-year-old 's grandmother , a former teacher , suffers from dementia .  Margaret Booth , known as Nans by the actress , has been diagnosed with the illness .  Ms Booth , a gifted piano player and a geography teacher , struggled to recognise her for about eight years .  The actress says there is a ` shame
Stuart Broad limped out of England 's warm-up match in Saint Kitts .  The England bowler slipped during his first over of the day .  The crease at Warner Park in St Kitts was damp following overnight rain .  Broad was left clutching his ankle on the floor after the incident .  The first Test against West Indies starts on Monday in Antigua .
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines 's grieving parents calling her ` an inspiration to millions '  He described the 17-year-old progeria sufferer as an ` inspiration '  Prince said he had been ` deeply impressed ' by her incredible spirit .  Hayley 's mother Kerry broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter .  More than 250 mourners gathered at All Saints Church in Sidley ,
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent .  Tamworth , 403km north of Sydney , was revealed to have the most firearm licences .  Bathurst , 200km west of Sydney was a close second at 3075 .  Both suburbs saw an increase of almost 500 guns in their areas over the last five years .  Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki
Jemma Peacock , 31 , has rare form of stomach cancer and is taking three drugs .  Third and most effective drug-regorafenib-costs the NHS # 1,000 a week to provide .  Mother-of-two , who lives in Storrington , West Sussex , has not told her daughters she has cancer .  She has set up a petition calling on the NHS to reinstate it .  More than 100,000 people have signed
David Hyche , now a special agent at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind .  A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound .  Blind children in Birmingham , Alabama , have celebrated Easter early by hunting for the eggs .
Pascal Tessier , 18 , has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders .  The Boy Scouts ` Greater New York Councils said the councils see Tessier as ' an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader `  The move is in contrast to the national scouting organization 's ban on openly gay adult members .  The national organization changed its policy
Sharon Smith , 43 , from Halesowen , West Midlands , weighed almost 20st .  At her heaviest she was over 20st and a size 26 but she has now slimmed down to 9st 9lb .  The turning point came after having to ` squeeze ' her bulky frame into seats on trains and planes .  After quitting her job to work from home , she was able to exercise
Rafa Benitez managed Liverpool , Inter , Chelsea and Napoli .  The Spaniard has amassed a grand total of zero league titles .  He won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham .  He also won the Champions League with Manchester United in 2009-10 .  But he is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals .  Napoli beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in
Lisa Oldfield , 40 , was motivated to lose weight by her two children , Harry , 4 , and Bert , 2 .  She said she hated looking at pictures of herself due to the weight she gained since having children .  The former Channel 9 host said her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her .  Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed
Australian 's spent $ 20 billion on digital devices and services-or on average $ 2,300 each-on technology and communication devices in the last 12 months .  Men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services .  Families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles , couples without
Brianne Altice , 35 , pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts , including several first-degree felonies .  She could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .  Altice was first arrested in October 2013 after a student reported having a relationship with her .  Two more victims later came forward with similar allegations
Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers ` health .  Staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week .  Jane Smith said : ` The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and -LRB- also -RRB- puts other staff at risk '  In a stretched NHS
Sarah Jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox .  Instead she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had ` died '  Three months later she said she has n't received instruction from Social Security on how to proceed .  She also cannot renew her driver 's license and had one of her credit cards cancelled .  Jewell 's
Tony McCoy announced his intention to retire in February .  The 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland .  McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier .  ` To get a reception like that for doing something I ' ve loved to do for pretty much all
Authorities ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Hyderabad , India .  H5N1 virus is highly contagious and can be deadly in humans .  The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and millions of poultry .  Since has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006 .
Jackson Byrnes , 18 , was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  He was told he would not operate due to how deep the cancer was .  His family found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .  The Casino teenager is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for his surgery .  He is just under $ 4,000
Leicester City host West Ham United at King Power Stadium -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Matt Upson is out of Leicester 's clash with West Ham .  Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after playing in Ghana 's 1-1 draw with Mali .  Winston Reid will return from injury for the Hammers .  Enner Valencia is back in training while Andy Carroll , James Tomkins and Doneil Henry all miss
Johnny Sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro this season .  The 29-year-old has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby and won the lot .  Sexton has helped French side reach the knock-Out stages of Europe 's elite event for the first time .  The Irish playmaker scored two second-half tries in a 28-point haul to propel his province to a comeback
A $ 250 -LRB- # 168 -RRB- device called Neurio claims to make ` an ordinary home smart '  It recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles and washing machines .  Users can train it to recognise a light bulb for example , by flicking a light on and off to tell the accompanying app what to detect .  Alternatively , an algorithm allows it to
Josh Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife , Katie , in late February in Tarrant County , Texas .  Hamilton , 33 , married his wife Katie in 2004 .  Katie , who will appear on the 10th season of the Real Housewives of Orange County , has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton .  The petition does n't detail the reasons for
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack , upstate New York , on Thursday evening .  They then swam across the Hudson River and started running down the Thruway .  Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans , about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany .  Police say the
Kinessa Johnson works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife .  She is training park rangers to catch and detain wildlife killers .  She joined the group last November as a weapons instructor and mechanic .  She was also deployed for one tour of Afghanistan .  Photos of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online .  She insists their intention is not to harm anyone and
Frank Lampard appeared on Channel Four 's ` Alan Carr 's Chatty Man '  The Manchester City midfielder revealed he 'd ` love ' to see a gay footballer come out .  Lampard said the game is changing and losing its macho persona .  LA Galaxy 's Robbie Rogers and Thomas Hitzlsperger also came out as gay .  Lampard was joined on the show by Denise van Outen , Noel
The Andaz Liverpool Street hotel in London was built on the site of England 's first hospital for the mentally ill , the Bethlehem Royal Hospital , which opened in 1247 .  The swanky , celebrity-baiting boutique hotel has 267 rooms-four of which have been decorated by trendy artists .  Beyonce , Lil Kim and Lady Gaga are fans of the hotel .  The lobby is a place of almost
Zoe Hadley , also known as Zoe Hommel , had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 .  The 19-year-old was found dead at a hotel in Putney , south west London last year .  Inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness .  She refused to accept she had mental health problems , inquest heard .  She accused her father of conspiring
Christopher Flowers , 84 , was driving along Chili Avenue in Rochester on March 9 .  He dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames .  He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top .  But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his torso .  Flowers was
The long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the Earth .  For more than a century scientists believed the infamous dinosaur never existed .  Since 1903 , experts have been arguing the creature was originally misnamed .  Instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a ` specimen-based protocol '  This meant they could analyse
MailOnline Travel looks at the world 's most unusual , excessive hotel amenities .  At Kimpton Hotel in the US , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room .  At the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji , couples are ` kidnapped ' and taken away for a picnic .  At The Club Hotel & Spa , Jersey , a sunshine butler is on hand to polish
Christopher Annan , 24 , and Tyrone Wright , 20 , were jailed for 44 years .  They took part in gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren .  Victim , 35 , was ambushed as he arrived home on December 30,2012 .  Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun .  He was known as ` Freddy ' after the Nightmare
Police raided the house of John Koepke in Wittmann , Arizona .  They found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting , cramped conditions .  One of the cats was found nursing a set of three Chihuahua puppies in a box .  Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems .  The 71-year-old was banned from keeping pets until May 2015 after an animal hoarding
Investigators called into Royal Oldham after deaths of four babies and two mothers .  Lisa Parkisson , 35 , died 48 hours after giving birth at Oldham Royal in June last year .  In another case newborn Thomas Beaty died after medics forced him back into the womb .  Officials also found ` notable absence of clinical leadership ' in maternity wards .  But there were no apparent ` deficiencies
Contrary to what the Mail reported , Longleat Safari Park is not putting bubble wrap around visitors ` cars .  Jeremy Clarkson renounced his petrol-loving ways after a ` dark night of the soul '  He said he wants to focus on campaigning against carbon emissions .  Tesco claims to be introducing bouncy aisles in a publicity campaign .  Independent takes a dig at Leicester University 's naming of Richard
Millie Marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete her sellout book Animal Kingdom .  The black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds .  It was published in August last year and has sold 500,000 copies worldwide .  Millie has had a successful freelance illustration careeer with clients including Virgin Atlantic , Penguin books and Marks & Spencer ,
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th-minute .  Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty but Sergio Ramos and James Rodriguez scored for the Blancos .  James Rodriguez made it 2-1 for Malaga in the 69th-minute after Ronaldo had missed a spot-kick .  Ronaldo then made it 3-1 with a brilliant finish .  Gareth Bale and Luka Modric were substituted in the second half .  Carlo Ancelotti 's
Researchers have released an interactive roadkill map to show the trail of destruction being caused by California 's state highways .  The ring of death refers to an area made up of I-80 -LRB- labelled as 9 -RRB- and Route 101 -LRB- labeled as 13 and 8 -RRB- .  The map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System , a database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club .  Mouscron had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end .  The French side are now poised to link up with another Belgian club , Ostend .  Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland .  Josh McEachran , Bertrand Traore and Wallace are currently on loan at the Dutch club .
Andy Murray attended Barcelona 's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash with PSG .  The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins .  It was the second time in less than a week that Murray had visited the Nou Camp .  The 27-year-old is currently in Barcelona as he trains with Jonas Bjorkman .
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week .  Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta , French Camembert and American cream cheese .  A third of Brits -LRB- 30 % -RRB- say they ca n't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle .  One in ten office workers are eating whole blocks of cheese in one sitting .  This is the equivalent of eating over 1,000
Theinio Wijnaldum has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season .  The 24-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United , Arsenal and Newcastle .  The Holland international favourited Sky Sports ` tweet linking him with a Premier League move .  The PSV captain says he has the ambition to play for a ` great club ' in a major European league .  He could
Mamadou Sakho limped off during Liverpool 's FA Cup quarter-final win against Blackburn Rovers .  The French centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with a hamstring injury .  The French defender will also miss the forthcoming Premier League games against West Brom , Hull and QPR .  The club are hopeful he will return in time to face Chelsea on May 10 .
Kieron Power , 54 , was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars .  His wife was given a # 110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds .  He went back to gather evidence of police vehicles parked at stop in Kingston .  He was questioned under anti-terror laws after taking photographs .  He said : ` I never dreamed I would
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice .  He was also joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend Lindsey Vonn .  The former World No1 has returned to action after a break from golf .  Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008 .
One in five Australians shop online in bed at night , according to a StarTrack study .  86 per cent admit to going online for items they ` re too embarrassed to buy in store .  27 per cent of Australians admit to shopping online at work and 3 per cent took a sick day to be able to sign for online orders when they arrived at home .  Three-quarters
John Suchet is in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following her battle with dementia .  Her death notice in a national newspaper read : ` Bonnie died peacefully on April 15 2015 aged 73 . Adored wife of John , devoted mother of Alec and Hereward , mother-in-law of Peta-Jane , grandmother of Finn and Alexa '  Broadcaster declined to comment , stating it was a ` private family
Nathan Priestley , 21 , from Norwich , Norfolk , was dubbed ` Jabba the Hutt ' by bullies .  Became depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year .  Was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills , but survived .  After his suicide attempt in September 2011 , something snapped in Nathan and he made the decision to stop
Last year Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company .  He has travelled from the Arctic Circle to Australia , capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world .  The photographer hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the intricate and diverse
Jon Huxley , 46 , hopes to revitalise his hotel Westward Ho ! in Folkestone , Kent .  He plans to install sex swings , bondage rooms and dungeons .  Clothing will be optional and privacy for our guests will therefore need to be ensured .  Mr Huxley had been in a dispute with Shepway District Council over complaints about its use as a house of multiple occupation for homeless
Scientist reveals how gin and vodka dilute red wine stains .  Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid .  Vinegars are red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble .  When higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin , vodka or white rum , are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid
Manchester City have had a disappointing campaign under Manuel Pellegrini .  The Premier League champions are down in fourth position , 12 points behind leaders Chelsea .  Joe Hart has been lamenting the club 's fall from grace this season .  City lost 4-2 at Old Trafford to Manchester United earlier this month .
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service , which marks the start of Easter celebrations , so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow .  Decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year 's Day because they both fell on a Thursday .  The initiative , which has been running since last August , is
Porters are carrying passengers ` luggage up and down the stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station , in north-west Prague , from 5am to 10pm every day , free of charge .  New metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital-but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase .  That means porters are left to carry passengers ` heavy bags .
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal 's run of results .  Arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions .  Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final this weekend .
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week .  The Colombia international came close to joining AC Milan in January .  Martinez scored as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg .  United are looking to add two strikers this summer .
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee , Wisconsin Sunday evening .  The driver remained at the scene and stayed in his van while police arrived .  Before officers could show up , someone opened fire-shooting the driver in the head .  The driver 's father identified him as father-of-four Archie Brown Sr . , to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration .  Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain .  But then the climate warmed to 13 °C -LRB- 55 °F -RRB- and became more humid .  This enabled hominins-our distant ancestors-to move to new regions .  The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies -LRB- ICREA -RRB-
Controversial The Sun columnist Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott 's government for its success in stopping asylum seeker boats .  ` Australians are like British people but with balls of steel , can-do brains , tiny hearts and whacking great gunships , ' she said .  ` They threaten them with violence until they bugger off , throwing cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to be the biggest in the history of the sport .  Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved as they went face-to-face in the studio .  Sky Sports Boxing are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate Manny and Money finally fighting .  Simply film your own and then nominate someone else to do the
More than 3,000 students were accepted as freshmen by University of Florida .  They were accepted on the basis they agreed to undertake online classes for a year .  But after reading their congratulations notices , they realized they would have to take online classes .  The classes are part of a new program-the Pathway to Campus Enrollment -LRB- PaCE -RRB- .  The program aims to accommodate a higher number
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS .  It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit .  The system would have a range of 62 miles -LRB- 100km -RRB- and could target things less than 0.4 inches -LRB- 1cm -RRB- in size .  Powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earth 's atmosphere , where it
The gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 in Derby .  They were in a stolen Seat Leon and tried to flee from police in the car .  The car became boxed in by police and they attempted to ram them under a bridge .  The dramatic chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter and released today .  They were arrested by officers but
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld , 19 , from Stamford Hill , London , was swimming with four friends .  Temperatures reached 25C when he got into difficulty in Hampstead Heath .  Police officers ` watched ' as teenagers desperately tried to save their friend , it has been claimed .  It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest after jumping into water .  His body was found 20ft
Kansai International Airport in Osaka , Japan , opened its doors in 1994 .  It has never lost a piece of luggage , giving it an impeccable 21-year record .  Staff places suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards .  Of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage , seven of the ten are located in Asia .
Malky Mackay was sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday after a dismal run of results .  Alan Stubbs is believed to be among the front-runners for the manager 's job .  Wigan are currently second bottom of the Championship table .  Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis .  Ex-Wigan player Danny Wilson is also under consideration .  Mackay 's bid to rescue his
It is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases .  Allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied .  Teachers also alleged exchanged 3,000 messages in WhatsApp group .  They claimed murder of soldier Lee Rigby and Boston bombings were a hoax .  Also alleged exchanged comments about British soldiers and hoax comments .  Teachers were placed in special measures after inspectors found failings in
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander released details of plans to cut child benefit .  Prime Minister ` flatly rejected ' the plans , claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander .  Conservatives angrily denied the specific proposals set out in the document .  But they remain under pressure to spell out how they will making savings from the benefits bill .  The clash
Paul Gilbert joked that he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to Labour leadership .  Also blasted Labour 's ` entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees .  Said voters at a university hustings : ` I do n't like where we are '  Said : ` Now I am a Labour man and I will stand by my party ,
Dave Sim , 36 , plans to ride the entire Tour de France on a Raleigh Chopper .  The personal trainer has put in months of training aboard his yellow Mark Three Chopper .  The 36-year-old is hoping his stunt will inspire others to take up cycling .  Mr Sim attempted the L ` Etape du Tour last year and finished in the top 20 per cent .  He said
Nearly one in four teenagers are ` almost constantly ' online .  Some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were constantly checking their devices .  Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day .  Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it .  Study was carried out on 1,060 children aged between 13 and 17 .  The
Michelle , 27 , unveiled as face of Garnier Ambre Solaire No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan range .  Full of colourful print playsuits , cool crochet and lace .  Says her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she simply cleanses , tones and moisturises every day .  Shares her top tanning tips for a flawless faux glow in behind the scenes imagery .  Says she 's always been a fan
A third man has been charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts '  The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order removed and he was re-arrested .  He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates ` Court on Tuesday .  Police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager 's homes .  They planned to run down a police officer
David Tungate , 58 , was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her back to the UK .  He then remarried , but his second wife , also from Gambia , turned out to be a serial bigamist .  He conned him out of # 24,000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy .  The father-of-two is
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 5-0 at Old Trafford .  Louis van Gaal 's side are currently above rivals Manchester City .  Juan Mata says his side need to look at the next seven games as ` finals '
Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute Lord Janner .  Mr Moore was a barrister at 23 Essex Street where Daniel Janner worked .  Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences have raised concerns about Mr Moore 's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial .  Last night a CPS spokesman said Mrs Saunders made the decision not tocutecute on her
Len McCluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in British politics .  The sheer scale of the influence Unite holds on scores of Labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution the union would seek to impose .  Just like Nicola Sturgeon , Mccluskey wants to make Labour bolder , ` more radical , courageous and brave '  Last month , he appeared to threaten illegal action
Researchers at University College London subjected Li-ion batteries to heat .  They used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure .  Copper inside melted , indicating temperatures of at least 1,085 °C -LRB- 1,985 °F -RRB- .  It caused molten material to burst from the battery 's vent .  The footage was filmed by Paul Shearing from the University of London .
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one like them .  Labour councillor said Parliament needed people like her ` to bring it back down to reality '  The 31-year-old said she had rebuilt her life after being ` shattered ' as a child .  She said : ` Women that I speak to , there 's just nothing there for them to relate to '
Thousands of silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake .  Authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths .  More than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to Rio 's waste management company .  The die-offs are common in Rio , where rivers , lakes and even the ocean are blighted by raw sewage and garbage .
Fearless Atif Saeed , 38 , from Lahore , Pakistan was in safari park when he spotted the hungry lion .  He got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera .  Mr Saeed managed to capture a few frames before retreating to safety .  Unfortunately , the clicking sound of the camera 's shutter alerted the lion to his presence .  He
Robert O ` Neill , the former Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden , will host a ' machine gun fun ` shooting competition at a conservative fundraiser in Jackson Hole , Wyoming .  Guests will be invited to the Amangani Resort Hotel , a mountain hotel complex on the edge of the Grand Teton National Park .  Part of the trip would see guests try out the Jackson
Austin Hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his Wimauma home last week .  Hatfield bragged about how many times he 'd kissed the snake .  The snake escaped from its pillow case and slithered across Hatfield 's stomach and off his bed .  Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition .  Bites from the cottonmouth are
Jockey Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse Merrion Square at Wincanton on Wednesday .  The 18-year-old amateur jockey lost his balance as he approached the final fence of the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase .  The jockey 's waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots into a 360 degree somersault .  Ferguson escaped the fall with only ` dented pride ' according to trainer Paul
Arsenal are seven points behind leaders Chelsea in the Premier League .  Arsene Wenger 's side have won seven straight games since February 7 .  The Gunners have a chance to surpass Manchester City 's seven-game unbeaten run .  They take on Burnley at Turf Moor in Saturday 's late kick-off .  Arsenal have the record for the most consecutive wins , having come out on top in 14 successive
Shoshana Hebshi , of Sylvania , Ohio , was strip-searched at Detroit Metropolitan Airport on the 10th anniversary of 9 / 11 .  The federal government will give her $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated .  She has a Jewish mother and Saudi Arabian father and has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion .  She was seated next to two Indian-American men , whom crew
Stoke are set to complete their third signing from Barcelona in less than two years .  Moha El Ouriachi has turned down a new deal with the Catalans .  The 19-year-old is keen to seek first-team action rather than extend his contract .  Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from the Nou Camp .
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night .  Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll scored 20 points each .  Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury .  Reggie Jackson scored 15 of his 29 points in the fourth quarter , including the winning layup with 5 seconds remaining .  Detroit Pistons rallied to beat the Miami Heat 99-98 .  Marcus Smart hit a buzzer-beating
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on Furious 7 .  The 5-foot-5 , 95-pound actress told a blogger that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on the set of the movie .  She said she became licensed with the International Stunt Association in Europe and later got certified as a .  In an interview with New York Fashion Times
Ed Balls said voters had lost # 1,100 due to tax and benefit changes .  He said ` millions paying more while millionaires pay less '  But the Prime Minister hailed today as ` money-back Monday ' - with a raft of tax changes .  Mr Cameron has claimed that Labour are planning to increase taxes by # 3,028 on ` every working family '  But Mr Balls predicted a
John Caudwell , founder of Phones4U , bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair for # 155million in order to build a high-end housing complex .  The new apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 more luxury flats .  Each townhouse and penthouse will have its own gym and swimming pool .  The complex could face trouble getting planning permission-as VIP neighbours
Teng Jiazhi or ` Uncle Teng , ' from Shenyang , North China , came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago .  He picked up a couple of tourists in-30 C for more than an hour for a taxi .  Since then the cabby has kept a camera in his car and captured thousands of happy passengers .  On average , he picks up as many as
An eight-year-old boy named Peter penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough .  The letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was ` too angry ' to write it all down in one sitting .  Peter criticizes the First Lady for America 's lack of troops in the Middle East and
Mario Balotelli , Fabio Borini , Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met Bas van Velzen at Melwood .  The YouTube star has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits .
Charlie Sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading 's Madejski Stadium .  The 20-year-old did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time .  The Reading fan , whose team were 3-0 up at the time , was tackled by stewards .  He is facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .  The order , due to be decided on April
Former Cuban president Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year .  The state-run Cubadebate website says Castro greeted a group of Venezuelans visiting the capital of Havana .  The meetings , with photos taken inside Castro 's bus , are the former president 's first public appearance since January 2014 .  Castro is shown shaking hands , which Cubandebate said occurred `
Kevin Morton admitted killing his son Kye Backhouse by giving him morphine .  The 23-year-old was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness , Cumbria .  ` Happy-go-lucky ' Kye complained of feeling unwell before the painkiller .  ` I gave him a tablet by mistake that was too strong for him , it 's my fault-I have to try and live with it for the rest of my life
Robert Durst , 71 , used to live on Galveston Island and went by the name of Dorothy .  Clair Schuler , who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder , said Durst was ` very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their hair and their make-up '  Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts .  He said he was not fooled by Durst
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday .  Jermain Defoe scored a stunning first-half volley to secure the win .  The former FC Toronto striker had scored just twice for the Black Cats since arriving on # 80,000-per-week wages in January .  The 32-year-old has compared the feeling of scoring the winner against Newcastle to scoring at the World Cup .  The Black Cats moved up to
Peter Alliss , 84 , said legislation designed to stop golf clubs discriminating against female members has prompted a decline in women 's membership .  Some clubs had only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee .  But the Equality Act 2010 , drafted by the previous Labour government , ruled that this was illegal discrimination .  Women must now have
Outspoken weight loss expert Steve Miller is on a mission to tackle Britain 's obesity crisis .  He has put forward a strict five-point plan he thinks will work wonders .  He is offering to move in with people he deems overweight to help motivate them to lose weight and get them in the right mindset .  Claims obesity wardens in the street , fat warning signs outside fast food
Father-of-one Szilveszter , 24 , feared he would never be able to have more children .  Injecting petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger .  Instead it became so swollen and inflammed , he was unable to have sex .  He turned to plastic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh who said there was hope he could be cured .  He said injecting Vaseline into the body
Bianca Rinehart appeared in a Sydney court to give evidence in an ugly legal battle over the family 's finances .  In emails between 2004 and 2006 , John Hancock repeatedly called her ` the fat ' and ` fatty '  The emails were tendered as she was forced to sign a deed against her interests , the Federal Court in Sydney heard .  The siblings are united in a
Kevin Dixon , 35 , took his friend 's Akita-type dog for a walk to help his friend .  He hit it seven times with an axe , killing the animal .  Dixon had agreed to walk the dog , Tempa , for its owner Amanda Hamer .  The dog had a history of biting people and Dixon decided to kill it .  He was convicted of causing the dog
The 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday 's Greenham Stakes .  Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo .  Varian 's determination to keep the son of Lope De Vega away from the fast ground he encountered at Newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas .
Carla Suarez Navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat Venus Williams 0-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 at Key Biscayne .  The Spaniard will play Germany 's ninth seed Andrea Petkovic in the last four .  Petkovic beat 14th seed Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4 . 6-2 .  The 2011 Miami semi-finalist won the next five games and wrapped up the match in one hour , 16 minutes .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. . and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault .  ` The greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure . We are not prepared for that , ' he warned .  Alexander outlined a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries , power stations , and the electric grid .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Waheed Ahmed , 21 , is said to be a member of extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir .  The group advocates a global Muslim caliphate similar to one established by ISIS .  Ahmed was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week .  He was one of a group of nine detained , all from Rochdale , including four children .
Bizarre sign was posted on Twitter and retweeted by Ian Rankin .  Visitors to Dornoch have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir .  The slaughterhouse is in the process of being demolished .
Celebrities told to stop taking selfies at this year 's Cannes Film Festival .  Director Thierry Fremaux said ` ridiculous and grotesque ' pictures slowed down event .  He said : ` You never look as ugly as you do in a selfie '  Cate Blanchett , Michael Fassbender and Matthew McConaughey will be competing .
Richard Hutchinson , 40 , from Thornaby-on-Tees , North Yorkshire , has been jailed for two years .  Unemployed scaffolder punched his former friend without warning .  The pair fell out over a debt of # 300 and Hutchinson borrowed the money .  The pair had a ` long-running ' feud after Hutchinson had not paid all back .  He was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to
Cheryl Howe was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of 12 .  She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs .  32-year-old has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS , spending # 2,000 a year on razors , and shaving up to three times a day .  The mother-of-two is booked in for the # 10,000 treatment
Bruce Jenner made the revelation on her ABC 20 / 20 special last night .  Jenner said ` I ' ve always been on the more conservative side ` when he was asked about LGBT issues-and replied ' yes ` when asked if he was a Republican .  He also said he still considers himself a heterosexual , discussed his faith and said he is a Christian .  Olympic gold
Man , 29 , came to hospital in California complaining his left thumb hurt .  He could n't move it properly and said he had been playing the game for weeks .  Doctors examined him and carried out MRI scans on his hand , and discovered he had ruptured a tendon in his thumb , and would need surgery to repair it .  Candy Crush Saga is a popular game
Erik Compton will tee off this week at the Masters on his third appearance .  The 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field .  Compton 's first heart transplant at 12 , then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack-what doctors call a ` widow-maker ' - while driving home from a
Liverpool travel to Anfield on Monday night to face Manchester City .  Brendan Rodgers ` side are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City .  They have a game in hand on their rivals Aston Villa and QPR .  Raheem Sterling has failed to hit the back of the net in his last six games .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .  Brendan Rodgers will be hoping his
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick as Juventus beat Torino 2-1 .  Juve could have wrapped up their fourth straight Serie A title with a victory .  Juve are 14 points clear at the top of the league table .
Edwin ` Jock ' Mee , 46 , allegedly raped 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 .  It is claimed that the father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon .  Today , the cousin of Mee 's alleged rape victim told jurors : ` What he said was `` do n't worry , I will take
Westerners believe ultra-violence is only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq .  Ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and East Africa .  Western fighters appear disillusioned by mundane jobs they are given .  Most common job for Western fighters is guarding prisoners .  One former prisoner revealed he was held alongside journalist Kenji Goto .  Goto was savagely murdered by Jihadi John
The 16-year-old ordered the deadly toxin off the ` dark web '  He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack .  The teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court .  Officers raided two homes in Tameside on February 16 and the boy was arrested .  He was sentenced to a 12 month
U.S. . District Judge Henry T . Wingate sentenced Shelbie Brooke Richards , 21 , of Pearl to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police .  Sarah Adelia Graves , 22 , of Crystal Springs , was given 5 years for their role in the 2011 murder of 47-year-old James Craig Anderson .  Both
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool .  The 20-year-old forward has been used as a wing back by Brendan Rodgers .  Sterling 's current # 35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run .  Sterling scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley .
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli , 20 , snapped the unusual cloud formation above Briones Regional Park , California on a Nikon D7100 .  The student , from San Francisco , did n't even notice the unusual formation until he checked his camera when he got home .  He only noticed that the red sky at dawn appeared to give a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny
Manchester United and Liverpool are interested in signing Memphis Depay .  PSV star has been compared to Cristiano Ronaldo by Ronald de Boer .  The 21-year-old has played a starring role in PSV 's Eredivisie title success .  Bayern Munich are keen on Wolfsburg 's Kevin de Bruyne and Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale .  PSV value the Dutch international at # 25million and rejected a # 14million bid from
Dolphins defensive tackle AJ Francis has sent an application to taxi app Uber .  24-year-old says ` it would be a cool way to get some extra cash '  Says : ` People ask me why would you want to be an Uber driver if you play in the NFL ... You know what 's better than NFL money ? More money '  Francis plans to work for the $
Women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves .  The famed Egyptian beauty famously bathed in donkey-milk baths .  Egyptian queen Nefertiti , meanwhile , loved to make her own cosmetics .  The ladies of ancient India used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime .  They were said to treat problem skin and cracked heels using the bizarre ingredient .  The Geishas of Japan
Russian trawler Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11 .  It was towed out to sea and sank 15 miles south of island three days later .  Greenpeace has criticised Spanish authorities for towing vessel out to open sea .  Three mile long oil slick is also threatening tourist spots of Tenerife and La Gomera .  Officials estimate the ship is leaking between five and 10
A beach hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch , Dorset , has gone on the market for # 230,000 .  Measuring just 15ft by 10ft , the hut is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire .  Owners will also have to shell out between # 2,500 and # 4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut which can sleep up
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR .  The Belgian striker 's treble was his first in two years .  Villa are three points above the Premier League drop zone .  QPR 's Clint Hill and Charlie Austin scored with just 12 minutes left .  Chris Ramsey admitted he was nervous after Charlie Austin 's goal .  QPR were only ahead for three minutes in
South Korea 's Kim Sei-young has a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration at Mission Hills .  The 22-year-old struck a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole and knocked in the putt to card a seven-under-par 65 .  Morgan Pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72 .  Long-hitting American Brittany Lincicome , the 2009 winner of a women 's major ,
Swedish furniture store IKEA has banned shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas .  Shoppers have taken to kicking off their shoes and catching forty winks .  The practice has become widespread in China-with shoppers coming in especially to take a nap .  One customer said : ` Yes it may affect customers ... but it should n't be too much of a problem '  But long-suffering staff at
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their Anzac Day plans .  Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne 's south-east after police were tipped off about an alleged terror plot .  Sevdet Besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts .  Another 18-year-old , from Hampton Park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing
Yahya Rashid , 19 , was arrested at Luton Airport on suspicion of terror offences .  He was due to appear at Westminster Magistrates ` Court today .  He was arrested as he entered the UK having landed on a flight from Istanbul .
Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year .  On their big night , they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .  The pair from Waupaca , Michigan , became fast
Rik Mayall , who played scheming Tory MP Alan B ` Stard in ITV series The New Statesman , died suddenly last June .  Probate records reveal he had no will-even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 .  His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left
Esteban Cambiasso joined Leicester City on a free transfer last summer .  The former Argentina international won five Serie A titles at previous club Inter Milan .  Leicester are rock-bottom of the 20-team Premier League table .  Nigel Pearson 's side face West Ham United at home on Saturday .
Australian doctor who calls himself ` Abu Yusuf ' appears in propaganda video .  He calls on foreign doctors to travel to ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch ISHS .  The Islamic State Health Service appears to be mimicking Britain 's National Health Service .  The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward .  He is wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope .  He claims to
Mick Tabone , 74 , first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 .  The farmer would sit on the creature 's back while he chatted to him for 20 years .  Rangers had been trying to capture the reptile in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni , 70 kilometres south of Cairns .  Mr Tabone spent the next six months setting up traps for the 5.2 metre creature .  Gregory
Dundee United beat Dundee United 1-0 at Den Park .  Nadir Ciftci scored a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead .  Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan also on target for the Dark Blues .  Radoslaw Cierzniak 's low shot was saved by the visitors ` keeper .  United 's first win in a derby for more than a decade .  United striker celebrated by trying to
A mysterious young soldier known as the ` Handsome Man ' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy .  His image was used to front Woolworths ` ' Fresh in our memories ` ad campaign .  The campaign has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of Anzac .  Customers have accused the supermarket giant of trying to cash in on anzac Day .  The campaign invites
Digby was found severely dehydrated and cowering between two bins .  He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to their Southridge centre in Hertfordshire .  He quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero , who is 120 times his size .
There are up to one million free-roaming dogs on Romania 's streets .  ` Euthanasia ' of strays was legalised in September 2013 to reduce overpopulation .  But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs .  They have re-homed at least 700 in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs .  They say state-appointed ` dog catchers ' are rounding up dogs and
Clermont Auvergne face Northampton in the Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday .  The Top 14 side thrashed Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie .  The French outfit are aiming to make amends for last year 's defeat at the hands of Saracens .  Jonathan Davies has warned the French side are ` sharpening the blade '  Davies says the plan is to replicate the Northampton display in St Etienne .
Serena Williams beat Italy 's Sara Errani 4-6 , 7-6 -LRB- 3 -RRB- , 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday .  The top-ranked American had a 7-0 career edge over the Italian and had lost a total of four games in their previous two meetings .  Williams committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked Italian .  The U.S. . have a 2-1 lead in
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government .  The 41-year-old was the country 's tourism minister between 2008 and 2009 .  She is also accused of accepting cash worth an estimated # 1.3 million .  The former economy minister Ion Ariton has been charged with abuse of power .
Celtic are eight points clear of Aberdeen in the Scottish Premiership with five games to play .  Virgil van Dijk 's early strike against Inverness was overtaken by events .  Jim McAlister 's goal in the 87th minute was too little , too late .  Ronny Deila described the defeat as ` the worst of his career '  Dundee 's James Forrest equalised for Celtic at Den 's Park on
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Pep Guardiola 's side have a 12-point lead in the Bundesliga .  The German champions are in the German Cup semi-final .  Franck Ribery is set to miss Bayern 's home game against Porto due to an ankle injury .  Bastian Schweinsteiger is also fighting to get fit in time for the game .  Arjen Robben , David Alaba
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Eric Harris , 44 , was chased by deputies in Tulsa , Oklahoma , on April 2 .  He was allegedly caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops .  Harris , who is black and dressed in shorts and a T-shirt , was shot dead by reserve deputy Robert Bates , 73 .  Bates accidentally fired his handgun thinking he had pulled
Javier Hernandez has been linked with a move to Orlando City .  Manchester United are willing to sell for around # 8million .  Southampton , Stoke , West Ham and Everton are all interested .  Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira .
Amanda Curtis , founder of fashion company Nineteenth Amendment , snapped the quadruple rainbow at the Glen Cove LIRR station outside of New York City .  Two vivid , primary rainbows can be seen to the left of the image , while dimmer reflections , which have the order of the colors reversed , appear further to the right .
The 32-year-old admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops .  Claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety .  Also claimed he had been tortured in jail after being accused of killing a provincial governor 's son .  He had an initial claim for sanctuary rejected by Home Secretary Theresa May .  But immigration judges have now thrown
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia .  Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were second and third in Malaysia .  Mercedes boss Toto Wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to the powers that be within the German giant to fight off the new threat of Ferrari .  The Red Bull team-mate is back on the podium for the first time in almost two
Two candle-lit vigils have been held to remember 900 migrants who died .  Hundreds lay candles by sea in Valetta , Malta , and Rome 's Verano Cemetery .  Memorial service honoured 24 bodies recovered from Sunday 's disaster .  Three other people died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes .  UN said 23,500 migrants sailed to Italy this year in addition to
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip .  Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Aston Villa in the second-half .  Tim Sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to Fabian Delph 's solo effort .  Ashley Westwood -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- impressed on his first start since the quarter-final .  Tom Cleverley -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- provided plenty of bite in midfield , snapping into tackles and covering ground .  Michael
Researchers studying chimps in Uganda say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory .  Chimpanzees crossing a busy road in Kibale National Park in Uganda have learned to look for traffic before crossing .  Scientists watched 122 chimp cross the road over the course of two and half years .  They found most of the chimpanzees looked for traffic and as
Sarah Grimes sued the daughter of University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010 .  The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl , which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking .  A judge in Tuscaloosa cited Alabama 's ` stand your ground ' law in ruling that Saban only defended
Aspiring model Venessa Harris , 12 , was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest in September .  She was diagnosed with Ewing 's sarcoma on January 5 after a nasty fall .  The cancer was located in the neck of her right femur and she was told it had eaten away so much of her bone that it had the thickness of an egg shell .
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant , Arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard .  Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground .  In a matter of seconds the patio is completely covered in snow-white pellets .  The National Weather Service apparently received 170 reports of hail on Tuesday , twenty of which detailed stones at least two
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Aston Villa 's 3-3 draw with QPR .  TalkSPORT 's lead football pundit revels in laying down the law on the radio .  The former Villa striker jumped up and down during the game .  He even shouted at Joey Barton after he fell down to win a free-kick .  He believed such actions were permissible as he was n't
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering the breakfast at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .  The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley this Saturday .  The English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while making final preparations for the wedding .  Friends and family of the missing bride-to-be were flying in from around the world to be at her big day .  They now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder
BBC Radio 2 presenter Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt .  Claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile ` tarnished ' his era .  The 72-year-old 's long-term employer , the BBC , is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff-most of them Blackburn 's vintage .  Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree , including broadcasters Dave Lee
Kimberly Waddell Macemore , 25 , pleaded guilty on Tuesday to having sexual relations with two 17-year-old boys she was supposed to be teaching .  Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014 .  The two male students were both 17 at the time .  Macemore had a casual sexual relationship with one of
The pile of industrial waste was dumped by the side of the road in Walsham-le-Willows .  Police officer described it as the worst case of fly-tipping he 's seen in 28 years .
Cesc Fabregas touch was booed as he operated in the first half in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic .  No cheer was louder than the one when referee Michael Oliver booked him for a dive .  The referee ruled in Arsenal 's favour , and this proved a very popular decision .  Jose Mourinho led an angry touchline delegation in pursuit of fourth official Lee Mason .  The entire
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy .  A white dwarf star-the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel-may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close .  When a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed
Two window cleaners were working at a skyscraper in Shanghai .  Their ordeal was filmed from inside the building by an onlooker .  The incident took place at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre .
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof , 31 , was diagnosed with Ewing 's sarcoma aged just five .  Her parents were told she only had three months to live .  She moved to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family .  She died in the waiting area of a Canadian hospital on March 10 .  A fundraising page has raised $ 40,000 in her memory
There are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway .  While no one 's perfect and some troubled souls are worth saving , others are just trouble .  Tracey Cox offers six crucial clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart .  She says if he does n't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship
A New Jersey father has accused his ex-wife of ` abusing her parental discretion ' by taking his 11-year-old daughter to Pink 's December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark .  The mother admitted to being a ` little on guard ' about taking her daughter , but that the girl was ` dying to go ' , so the mom looked up clips of the show on
Kevin Carr , 34 , from Woolacombe , Devon , ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years .  He crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes during his 621-day journey .  Mr Carr ran across five continents in 621 days , beating the previous record by a day .  He was also the first man to complete the voyage unsupported ,
Romelu Lukaku 's new agent Mino Raiola said he would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier .  The 21-year-old signed a five-year contract at Goodison Park last summer .  Everton boss Roberto Martinez has dismissed claims he could leave the Toffees .
$ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage .  The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor , Peter O ` Mara 's home in Darling Point .  Police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property .  The artworks were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and have been
Paul Gascoigne scored a 35-yard free-kick against Arsenal in the 1991 FA Cup semi-final .  The shot has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at Wembley .  It was Spurs ` first ever FA Cup win , and they would go on to beat Nottingham Forest in the final at Wembley .  The midfielder was a brilliantly talented maverick , but still a footballer .  There are
Mandy Dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm by Kenneth Ward , 67 .  The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her .  Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure .  But he has now been released from prison and allowed to return to his home .  Ward has successfully appealed to have the restraining order overturned .
Greek government has proposed a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in European competition .  UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to suspend Greece .  Gianni Infantino says there will be no other choice but to suespend the Greek Football Federation .
Roy Hodgson is launching Roses 2015 , the annual clash between York and Lancaster universities over 50 sports and 132 fixtures during three days of competition starting on April 24 .  The severe cuts that Sky have been forced to make since agreeing their # 11m-a-match Premier League deal is apparent even in the Caribbean .  Test Match Special have relented over their fierce opposition to Test Match Sofa ,
Professor Bryan Sykes of University of Oxford has found evidence to prove fabled yeti .  Six-foot , six-inches tall woman named Zana lived in 19th Century Russia .  Witnesses described her as having ` all the characteristics of a wild animal '  It is thought she roamed the remote Caucusus mountains between Georgia and Russia .  She was found by a local merchant in the Ochamchir region of western Georgia
A water main break in New York City caused evening commute hysteria Wednesday as a surge of brown water poured into a West Village subway tunnel .  The 12-inch water main broke around 6 : 45 pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan .  As much as 2 feet of murky water , more than enough to reach the electrified third rail , had accumulated in some places
Gavin Munro grows trees into plastic moulds , pruning and guiding branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints .  Mr Munro , 39 , a keen environmentalist , believes the technique-which has been dubbed botanical manufacturing-could one day be used to create sustainable and ecologically-sound furniture on a much larger scale .  He 's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where
Lionel Messi has been with Barcelona since the age of 13 .  He was linked with a move away from the Nou Camp earlier this year .  Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says Messi will always have a place at the club .  Messi is set to play alongside Luis Suarez and Neymar on Tuesday night .
Keaway Lafonz Ivy , 21 , who went by the stage name Kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest while filming a music video in Seat Pleasant , Maryland Wednesday night .  Ivy was filming a rap video in the parking lot of a housing complex when a gun being used as an accessory went off , killing the aspiring rapper .  Police in Washington DC
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .  It was then submerged in agar-a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .  Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides .  It 's common in soil , so it 's likely someone was gardening before handling cash .  While most
Casey Veal 's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar .  Harley Hicks broke into their Bendigo home at random in the middle of the night .  He bashed the baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana .  The baby suffered a crushed skull , broken
Tina Campbell , from London , paid # 100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected .  A few weeks after having them put in , her scalp started to itch unbearably and she started to notice small lumps forming .  Miss Campbell , who works as a showbiz writer , said : ` Everyone wants luxurious locks like Kim Kardashian
Patrick Revins , 49 , sold # 10-worth of the Class A drug to undercover police officer .  Detective recognised him because he has ` P ' and ` R ' tattooed on either side of his forehead .  Revins admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail .  That will be added to the 27-month prison sentence he is already serving for possession
Charlotte Bevan , 30 , had come off risperidone before daughter Zaani was born .  The powerful drug was used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .  Four days after birth , she walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes .  The next day , police found her body two miles away on cliff face .  Newborn Taani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by .
Adam Leheup , 34 , allegedly raped the 25-year-old woman on July 10,2013 .  The pair met on the ` Let 's Date App ' , which connects users who find each other attractive .  He allegedly told her ` girls say no but they do n't mean it , ' a court has heard .  The alleged victim said : ` I told him nothing was going to happen
The Crown Princess of Denmark was in Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9,1940 .  The 43-year-old wore a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories .  She placed a wreath at a war memorial and attended a service .
The boy , who has been identified only as Nuaman , has burns to 55 percent of his body .  He was beaten and burnt with Kerosene as he left a local shop in Lahore .  He said he did not know who had attacked him but said he would be able to identify the assailants again .  Three weeks ago a 17-year-old Christian narrowly escaped with his life following
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola have transformed a truck into a cosy and cosy home .  The Siezen family 's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck .  When it is unfolded , the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy house for Justin , Jola and their baby Piko .  The bedroom , which sits in a small raised loft at the
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says the German boss would be a good fit in the Premier League .  Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal is not in their sights .  Mertesecker says Klopps ` passion would fit and to see him in
Jordan Spieth returned to the RBC Heritage Classic on Thursday .  The 21-year-old has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events .  He moved to No . 2 in the world rankings with the Masters ` win at Augusta National .  He is hoping to chase down Rory McIlroy for world No . 1 spot .  The Northern Irishman has had success in the past
Beth O ` Rourke , 44 , of Paxton , Massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer .  On April 16 , the mother of Courtney , 11 , and Seamus , 8 , lost that fight , but as she stated in her obituary , ` I was a survivor '  She then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001 .  Carrick has played for England for 13 years , 310 days-while Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years , 228 days .  The 33-year-old 's longevity already surpasses that of great names like Sir Bobby Charlton , Bobby Moore , David Beckham and Gary Lineker .  If he continues to play in the next European Championship he will overtake
Scott Suggs , 28 , and Brandy Kangas , 36 , arrested after police received anonymous tip .  They found three children locked in room with urine and feces for 24 hours a day .  Couple , from Fredericksburg , Virginia , had ` remained at all times ' in room .  Room was stained with human urine and had homemade ` gate '  Children appeared to have been fed
Today marks 81 years since the notorious ` Surgeon 's Photograph ' , which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness , was published in the Daily Mail .  Google has launched its latest Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway .  The tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the
James Freedman , 49 , uses two fingers in a pincer-like movement to steal wallets .  ` You can pinch anything off anyone -- apart from their shoes ! ' he says .  Now he 's exhibiting his ` skills ' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show .  In which he even takes off someone 's tie without them realising .  Freedman describes himself as ` the only honest
Memorial service for 150 victims of Germanwings air disaster held today .  Cardinal Rainer Woelki led service at Cologne Cathedral .  He urged forgiveness for all victims , including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz .  President Joachim Gauck said tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow .  He said : ` We ' re being confronted with a disturbing act of destruction `  Hundreds of bereaved relatives of doomed flights were among 1,500
SNP leader to unveil manifesto including welfare payments , energy bills and tuition fees .  Several election pledges overlap with Labour policy , including slashing tuition fees .  Also wants UK to formally recognise Palestine as a state and give Ofgem power to force suppliers to cut prices .  Also wants to increase public spending on infrastructure in northern England and Wales .  At the heart of manifesto are plans
Walter Smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities .  Two years since he stepped down as chairman of Rangers , the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears .  Dave King , the chairman-elect , has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom .  Details of how the club proposed to stabilise the finances have yet to come .
Southampton beat Blackburn 2-1 in the Premier League U21 Cup .  Sam Gallagher scored a wonder-strike from long-range to win the game .  Ryan Seager had put the Saints ahead before Matt Targett levelled .  Harrison Reed was sent off for a second bookable offence .  Southampton held on for extra time in front of 12,000 fans at St Mary 's .
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad under Louis van Gaal .  The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa .  Young acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club .  The winger says easing himself in was only natural when he had to meet his new team-mates .  Young feels he has
Brian Karl Brimager , 37 , pleaded not guilty to murdering Yvonne Lee Baldelli .  The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel , California , was last seen in September 2011 .  Her skeletal remains were discovered in a jungle in Panama two years later .  He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice .
Rebecca is 28 weeks pregnant when she touched down in Dubai .  The Anantara resort is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else .  The resort has three turquoise-blue ` lagoons ' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels .  Rebecca and husband Harry have a daughter , Needs .
The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city 's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am .  Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .  As officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers .  Even after the truck was towed by crane at about 8 : 30 am , traffic
49 % of Scots plan to vote for the SNP , with just 25 % backing Labour .  New YouGov poll for The Times shows Labour is down four points on last month .  Support for the Conservatives was up two points at 18 % and backing for the Lib Dems was up one point .  First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has offered to prop up a Labour government , even
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Sunday .  Jack Grealish and Fabian Delph impressed at Wembley .  Tim Sherwood has done a brilliant job with Villa .  The Foxes are the form team down there right now .  They have scored 10 in their last four games , including three at Tottenham .  Now , of their six remaining games , four of
Deputy Michael Hubbard is seen approaching the woman on the I-26 .  He puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop .  She struggles and tries to resist , but the officer says : ` Give me your hands , you ' re not going out like this today `  She is then placed in the patrol car and can be heard crying .  Despite
The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man .  He abducted the children and then kept them ` buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom .  The kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps
Nina Anderson , 78 , searched pawn shops near her home in Portsmouth , Hampshire .  Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly # 400 were taken from her bedroom .  Great-grandmother , who lives with husband Maurice , 75 , eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a Cash and Cheque Express in the city centre two months after the raid .  Martin Campbell , 28
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday .  Sportsmail 's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell was there on Tuesday .  Powell reflects on the pair 's arrivals on the Las Vegas Strip .
Dr . Anthony J . Moschetto , 54 , allegedly hired two men to set fire to a rival doctor 's office , then hired an undercover police officer to have the doctor hurt or killed .  He worked with the rival cardiologist at a Great Neck practice on Northern Boulevard before setting up his own practice .  Investigators who went to his home found a weapons cache in a
Niamh Geaney , 26 , from Dublin , found her ` twin stranger ' in Karen Branigan , 29 .  Last month retired priest Neil Richardson , 69 , moved to Braintree , Essex .  ` John ' turned out to be John Jemison , a 74-year-old former head teacher .  Both had attended the same college , and became RE teachers and choir singers .  The pair finally came
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Mike Keen , the Labour leader 's cousin , said he was ` officially confused '  Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms .  But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money .  Mr Keen posted on his Facebook page that he needed someone to explain what the Labour policy was .  Non-domicile status allows
Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player of the Month for March .  Olivier Giroud scored five times in Arsenal 's four consecutive league wins .  Harry Kane also scored five goals for Tottenham in March .  Arsenal are now a point behind second-placed Manchester City .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Many Clouds , ridden by Leighton Aspell , won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday .  The 38-year-old became the first rider since Bryan Marshall , who won on Royal Tan and Early Mist in 1953 and 1954 , to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses .  The gelding passed the line one-and-three-quarter lengths in front of Tom George-trained 33-1 shot
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama .  This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor .  Executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the ` last bastion of Englishness '  He said the show ` would n't work ' if there was racial diversity among its cast .
Couple were having sex at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley , West Sussex .  They were semi-naked and did not even appear to be put off by people walking past .  One man can be heard asking ` Why would you do that ? ' before describing it as ` well funny '  A woman exclaims ` Oh my god ' and ` Oh his dear Lord ' as
Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm in Bayern Munich 's 1-0 win against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday .  The Spain international had n't played for the club since March in 2014 .  The midfielder admits the reaction of the fans has reminded him of the joy in the sport .  He said : ` When I saw how emotional the fans were , I knew : football is my life
KFC 's questionnaire contains 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ` strongly agree ' to ` strongly disagree '  Head of Human Resources , Robert Phipps , assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply for a job with the company .  When Daily Mail Australia selected only negative answers , they received an email notifying them that their application had
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people .  He also viewed himself as a ` Paul Revere-type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government .  The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file
Isabelle Obert is a nutritionist who runs Nurture Me Fertility .  She believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception .  Avocados are a fantastic source of vitamin E , which can be beneficial in improving the endometrial lining -LRB- the lining of the uterus -RRB- .  She says she also thinks food
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls .  He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983 .  Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth , also 15 , less than a mile away .  He received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009 .  He argued at his 2009 appeal against
Josh Mason , who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar , said the Deputy Prime Minister was ` not the most popular '  He said that a visit from the party leader to the seat would not ` do us many favours '  But after the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn .  Mr Clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the 2010 election
Amanda , 42 , stars in new range of home fragrances for Air Wick .  Shot by Vogue and GQ photographer Willy Camden .  Says it is the small touches in a home that make a real difference .
Asda 's Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5 g of fat .  This is more than the 43.3 g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper .  Marks & Spencer Chicken and Smoked Bacon Salad sandwich contains 694 calories .  But a Pizza Express Classic Margherita pizza has 683 calorie and contains only 22.5 g .  And a 624-Callorie Brie and Bacon Panini from Caffè Nero comes
Tories were told at start of campaign to pose for ` selfies ' as often as possible .  Since then , David Cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins .  He was seen posing for selfies during his visit to Alnwick , Northumberland , yesterday .  Ed Miliband , Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage also got in on the action at every opportunity .  Ukip leader Farage was also spotted
Sam Allardyce 's current contract expires at the end of the season .  It has been suggested West Ham 's owners might go in a different direction .  Swansea boss Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement .  But the 36-year-old said he is already in place at Upton Park .  Monk led Swansea to a record-equalling 47 Premier League points with six games left .  The Hammers
Lionel Messi was left out of both of Argentina 's games during the international break with a swollen foot problem .  The four-time Ballon d ` or winner now faces tests on Thursday to decide if he can play against Celta Vigo on Sunday .  ESPN have claimed that Messi 's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City 's Champions League exit against Barca
Jalin Smith-Walker , 19 , is wanted by Grand Rapids , Michigan Police after video emerged online this week showing her hitting and running over a rival in a street fight in Muskegon , Michigan .  The fight happened on Monday evening in the middle of a street in the town of Grand Rapids .  A bystander filmed the fight and uploaded it to the website World Star Hip Hop
American expat Brad Reynolds has become TripAdvisor 's most prolific user .  The 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits .  He has made more than 66,000 contributions to the website , including 3,355 reviews .  He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries , including India 's Taj Mahal .  The Oklahoma native lives in Hong Kong with his wife , Jill .  He
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo , 42 , led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory .  While she takes and edits all manner of photographs , she has a particular affinity with the night sky-and not just the spectacular Aurora Borealis but locations in her own country too .  The Northern Lights were immortalised
David de Gea has impressed for Louis van Gaal 's side this season .  The Spanish keeper has heavily been linked with a move to Real Madrid .  Neville says the club must focus on keeping De Gea at Old Trafford .
Doug Hughes , 61 , took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. . and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building on Wednesday afternoon .  House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes in their sights and were prepared to open fire .  Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the 1840s Creole cottage style home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago .  The couple then dismantled the home , moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home .  To honor the home 's original duplex floor plan , ensslen and Tillero honored the staircase idea by putting a massive wooden staircase between
Australian MP Andrew Robb battled depression for 43 years .  He appeared on ABC 's Q & A and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach .  Mr Robb said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun .  He also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood .  Labor MP Anna Burke
This year 's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise .  Many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites .  David Cameron has previously revealed that he has watched The Great British Bake Off .  The pack of 36 patriotic cases , in Tory blue with a Union Jack design , comes in at # 5 a pop .  The Cornish Pewter
Gulf state 's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin .  It owns five-star Claridge 's , The Berkeley and The Connaught .  It is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as # 1.6 billion .  Country 's investment arm has been snapping up a number of London 's landmark buildings .  The
Suzy Howlett , 54 , specialises in teaching foreign-born children English .  Husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook embarrassed over spelling , punctuation and grammar .  In one section they promise Ukip will ` take back control of our boarders '  She wrote : ` I think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house '
The boy was held in Blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices .  The girl was arrested after police raided a house in Longsight , Manchester .  Both were bailed until May 28 .
Mr Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed # 250 a month ` mansion tax ' on homes worth more than # 2million .  Claim comes despite revelations his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens -- including one for the family 's live-in nanny .  Labour leader faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home .  He was
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend , Kent , were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads .  Parents say that children need to ` let off steam ' during breaks and get exercise by running around .  Staff at the school say they are trying to crack down on a dangerous ` chasing ' game which has caused children to hurt
Lindsey Norman spotted the image in a six pack of hot cross buns .  Mother-of-two bought the buns from her local Sainsbury 's in Peterborough .  ` It made me giggle to myself because it 's coming up to Easter , ' she said .  Last week a California couple were shocked by the ` miraculous ' appearance of Jesus .  Jaimie Beebe and Gary Ousdahl , 37 , put
French photographer Thomas Lamadieu , who is also known as Roots Art , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings .  The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ` sky art '  In the past year alone he has visited Belgium , Germany , Canada , the U.S. . and South
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The Filipino boxer took to Instagram to show off his ripped torso .  The 36-year-old also posed with NBA superstar Jeremy Lin .
The garden gnome appeared alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures .  In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four .  They include actress Diana Dors , singer Bob Dylan and actor Marlon Brando .  Waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead of waxworks and cutouts .  The 20-inch tall gnomes was signed by all four band members following the shoot .
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2 .  F1 world champion was taking part in a catwalk show with Owen Wilson 's Hansel .  He donned a stylish red camouflage suit with a white shirt and sunglasses .  Olivia wore a shaggy fur coat over the shoulders of a fashion forward dress .  Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen .
A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in England are overweight or obese .  Repeated prescriptions before the age of two raised the odds of being a fat toddler .  Boys seemed particularly prone weight gain after being given antibiotics .  But if they do , it may be because they kill of bugs in the gut that would normally feed on
Inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss , East Yorkshire .  Food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption .  Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items .  Also found kitchen equipment was in unhygienic condition due to disrepair .  There was failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning .  Owner David Crossfield admitted
Petri Kurti , 13 , murdered Glynis Bensley , 47 , in Smethwick , West Midlands .  CCTV footage shows him jumping Ms Bensley as she walked home .  Co-defendant Zoheb Majid , 20 , also jailed for manslaughter and robbery .  The pair left her for dead in a pool of her own blood in a nearby park .  Judge said the boy had been ` running wild '
Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks .  Haim Kaplan filmed the incident at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania .
The independent panel of concussion experts will meet for the first time in May .  The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on how to make the game safer .  Jeff Astle Foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football .
Jermain Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Tyne / Wear derby on Sunday .  The 32-year-old was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle .  The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out at the event .
Ian Poulter is enjoying a week in the Bahamas ahead of the first major of the year .  The 39-year-old is preparing to win the Masters at Augusta National .  Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts .  He admits to a ` love affair ' with the place and its storied golf course .  Poulter says he will not take a green jacket
Porsche put their 918 Spyder to the test in a world-first stunt .  The video depicts the car rocketing down a dead-straight stretch of road .  The car was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird .  He switches the car into ` Race Hybrid ' and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone .  The car is a limited edition $
Lawrence Tynes has filed a lawsuit against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15,000 in damages .  The 36-year-old was in training camp with the team in 2013 when he contracted the deadly MRSA infection .  Tynes and another player , offensive guard Carl Nicks , both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus -LRB- MRSA -RRB- infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection
Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchez 's shot into his own net in extra time .  It was a routine shot from Sanchez but the Reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp .  The incident was reminiscent of Robert Green 's error in the 2010 World Cup .
Ed Miliband faced further humiliation as plus-sized blogger withdrew support .  Callie Thorpe , 25 , signed letter saying country needs ` a better plan for prosperity '  Said she was a ` plus size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love '  On Thursday night she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett .  Signatories of letter signed by
The Yoda like image comes from a 14th-century manuscript .  It is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson .  According to the biblical account , Samson was given supernatural strength by God in order to combat his enemies and perform heroic acts such as killing a lion and destroying a pagan temple .  He had two vulnerabilities-his attraction to untrustworthy women and his hair ,
Brianne Altice , 35 , was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and sex with a minor .  In mid-March , one of the alleged victims filed a $ 647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the ` flirtatious ' teacher .  Court documents detail how Altice began flirting
Michael Gove said the Tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it .  The former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce the deficit .  Mr Gove was asked if he could confirm there would be ` no more changes to child benefits '  He said : ` We ' re not going to hit , or take
Damian Parks , 22 , drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am .  He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning .  Bethune-Cookman University is investigating the death after university administration ` heard rumors ' that hazing was involved .  Parks and the men he was swimming with were part of
Sam Barton , 22 , has had # 55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex .  The ` Britain 's vainest man ' was attacked by a group of men on Easter Monday .  They pelted him with eggs from a car , leaving him with yolk and shell running down his face .  He said he had been targeted because he had ` checked in ' at
Marina Lyons , 80 , discovered third degree burns on her dog Rosie 's back .  She took the ten-year-old Lhasa Apso to the PetAid Hospital in Hull for surgery .  The operation was successful but when Marina returned home she noticed lots of bruising .  She asked the vet , who told her it was from the operation , for a second opinion .  Rosie had to have treatment
Lobster Pound and Moore , in Cape Breton , Nova Scotia , said that it would no longer allow ` small screaming children ' into its dining room .  The restaurant said it was ` an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves '  Commenters began giving the restaurant 's Facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again
Joanne Bolton , 35 , was repeatedly knifed in the head by boyfriend Steven Young .  The mother-of-three , from New Kyo , Stanley , County Durham , did not believe she was going to survive the ` brutal and merciless ' attack .  She begged him to put her to bed because she did n't want to die on the floor .  Young was jailed for 18 years by
Lazio face Empoli in the Coppa Italia final on Sunday .  The Biancoceleste side are riding a seven-game winning streak in Serie A .  Lazio won 1-0 at Napoli on Wednesday to reach the final .  Senad Lulic 's late winner gave Lazio a 2-1 aggregate win .
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday .  The Ligue 1 champions will be without Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti .  PSG beat Olympique de Marseille 3-2 , St Etienne 4-1 in the French Cup semi-finals , and won the League Cup final 4-0 against Bastia on Saturday .  Brazil right back Dani Alves is suspended for Wednesday 's clash .  Adriano or Martin Montoya are likely
Three years ago , Pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio .  Today , it 's on the rise after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a ` bio-weapon ' that would actually make children sick .  Mother-of-three Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents .  There have been 322 cases
Joanessa and James Clawson allegedly set up a fake GoFundMe page asking for donations .  Claimed that Sofia , 3 , was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery .  When shared by KESQ , the page had raised just $ 195 but was asking for $ 3,000 .  It is not clear how much money the page eventually raised .  The couple has two children , the daughter
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings at New York 's Madison Square Garden on Saturday .  The 39-year-old Ukrainian has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade .  He has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006 .  The Ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout against Jennings , who is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years
Ulysses Beaudoin , 39 , is accused of shooting dead his 22-year-old son , Ulysses Nelson .  The gunman allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his son and shot him twice in the back .  The incident took place inside the family 's home in Katy , Texas , Tuesday night .
Stunning images have surfaced of an elusive albino dolphin that can change colour from white to pink when it 's emotional .  The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan .  While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey , the mammal is completely white -- apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink .  The phenomenon results from the animals thin skin , which
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , was walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole in Shirley , Solihull .  The father-of-two was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .  Firefighters said the
Thomas Cain 's mother , Ora Mae , died in 1943 , when he was just 12 .  He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of his mother .  His granddaughter , Andrea Ferrell , 29 , found the old photograph from a distant relative .
Neighbour Yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised Pauline Bruce and her son John for seven years .  Yvonne went from being a friend , to a nuisance , and then a threat to their safety .  She also taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs .  In March 2011 Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer and told he did n't have long to live .  Pauline and her late
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice .  He says he is nowhere near Bolt 's standard but it could be his time soon .  Bolt gave him some great advice to really enjoy athletics and have fun with it .  He told him to have patience with it , make sure you keep enjoying it and you will get serious
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg .  Jenson Button has been training for the London Marathon with his wife .  Button posted a selfie of the pair to Instagram on Tuesday .  Hamilton said : ` Love being home , but the waters still FREEZING ! ! # JetSurf '
Chris and Nicole Peppelman , owners of a local excavating company , were found dead in their Lower Moreland , Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons .
Seven costumes from the 1965 musical The Sound of Music are being auctioned off at Nate D . Sanders on April 30 .  They include a jumper and matching shorts set worn by Debbie Turner as Marta , two lederhosen-style outfits with straps that were worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich in the film .  Costume designer wanted to be as authentic as possible
Ivan Rakitic celebrated St George 's Day with his wife and daughter .  The Croatia midfielder also shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers .  Barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season .
Peter Endean is standing for Nigel Farage 's party in council elections .  He re-tweeted image with caption saying : ` Labour 's new floating voters . Coming to a country near you soon '  Comes days after hundreds drowned trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats .  Up to 950 perishing off Italian island of Lampedusa over the weekend .  Ukip deputy chair Suzanne Evans described situation as a
Frank Abagnale played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can .  He posed as a doctor , a lecturer , a lawyer and an airline pilot in the film .  He has since changed his ways and has worked with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention .  He said people living in the western world have already had their identities stolen .  He
Rangers were held to a 1-1 draw by Livingston in the Championship .  Myles Hippolyte opened the scoring for Livingston just two minutes .  Marius Zaliukas restored parity with a clever back-header two minutes later .
Dreamworld is being sued for $ 290,000 by a former casual employee .  Zoe Dennise Prince , 28 , was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year .  She claims she suffers from a permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride .  She alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day and was n't given sufficient breaks
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was discovered in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica .  It is a new species of glass frog that has a distinctive call .  Most of its body is a brilliant lime green , but the skin on its underside is see-though .  The animal 's heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible .  This means it 's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this
Residents of New South Wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage .  Meteorologists say early indicators show an east coast low -- the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week -- could hit the region .  The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed
Bestselling author Jon Krakauer 's new book , Missoula : Rape and the Justice System in a College Town , was released Tuesday .  He interviewed five alleged victims of rape for his book , including Kelsey Belnap , who was gang-raped by four Grizzly football players during her sophomore year at the University of Montana .  Hillary McLaughlin , Allison Huguet and Beau Donaldson were convicted of rape in
The 1985 Bradford fire killed 56 people and injured 265 .  Sir Oliver Popplewell 's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident .  He stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson .  He said : ` I do n't think it 's going to affect what we decided but I think it is important from a public point of view that the police look
Danny Nickerson was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma -LRB- DIPG -RRB- in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments .  Last July , his request for a ` box of cards ' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined .  On Friday night , his mother , Carley Nickerson , wrote on a Facebook
Scientists at San Jose State University used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old .  Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed , labelled B , allowing their colours to be reststrcuted -LRB- C -RRB- .  Instead of being a simple white colour , they were infact covered in streaks
Scott Kelley , now 50 , and stepdaughter Mary Nunes , now 19 , surrendered at U.S. . embassy on Monday .  They were flown back to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport , where Kelley was arrested .  Pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley , Mary 's mother .  Genevieve , also a physician , was granted custody of daughter Mary , then eight , in 2004 .
Julian Lines , 42 , was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms , Scotland , without any equipment to stop him plummeting into the freezing water below .  He is seen grappling to find footholds and handholds as he edges towards the summit .  Mr Lines , from Northern Ireland , said ` life 's problems evaporate ' when he is climbing .  He said
U.S. . District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights .  She has been in prison since 1987 , serving a life sentence for second-degree murder .  She has lived as a woman since the 1990s and has severe gender dysphoria .  Corrections officials said they are considering whether to appeal the ruling .
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship .  The victory puts them on 79 points clear of second-placed Ajax .  Memphis Depay and Luciano Narsingh also scored for the Dutch champions .  Bottom side Dordrecht move closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem .  AZ Alkmaar beat ADO Den Haag 3-1 in the Europa League playoffs .
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding in Eagle Bay , south of Perth .  It was a way of remembering their father , who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago .  Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage .  Mr Fraser was a master of ceremonies at social functions , but always gives 10 per cent of
Irish tourist accused of leaving his brother in a coma has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm .  Patrick Lyttle , 31 , was allegedly struck by his brother , Barry , in Kings Cross in Sydney 's inner-city on January 3 .  The crown declined to downgrade the charge .  The 33-year-old will now be sentenced at Downing Centre Local Court , where the maximum jail term
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Marouane Fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in Manchester United 's midfield .  Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise the Frenchman .  Carragher and Neville believe the Special One will need to find a way to stop United .  The Blues have won their last six league games , including the
Chelsea face Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday .  Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals of the competition on Friday .  Chelsea striker Dominic Solanke has scored 11 goals in the competition .  Barcelona defeated Benfica 3-0 to reach the final .  Munir El Haddadi scored twice in the one-sided final at the Stade Colovray in Nyon .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea
Raul Hector Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care , family spokesman said .  Castro was a self-made man , the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college , and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy .  During his career , Castro also served as an American ambassador to three
Colin Hendry , 49 , was almost twice over the legal limit in Lytham St Annes .  A police officer in an unmarked car saw him at 1am pulling away from a junction at speed .  He was arrested and a breath test revealed 63 microgrammes of alcohol in his breath .  The father-of-four has been banned from driving and must travel around on his bike .  He played for
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke 's defeat to Chelsea .  The Scottish international shot from inside his own half after seeing keeper Thibaut Courtois off his line .  Adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour .  The 29-year-old admitted : ` The disappointing thing is we lost the game . On a personal note it is a great goal
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford .  Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Red Devils .  Juan Mata , Marouane Fellaini , Ashley Young and Chris Smalling all scored .  The win sparked a string of viral images on Twitter .  A City fan watching the game is shown wearing a United shirt after the score changes from 0-1 to 4-1 .  There is now a
Frankie Ruttledge , from Strensall , Yorkshire , weighed 18 stone 7lbs .  She always thought of herself as the ` fat bridesmaid ' but has now lost six stone .  The 24-year-old ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years .  She joined a local Slimming World group and has
Martin Montoya scored an outrageous trick shot during Barcelona 's training session .  The 23-year-old left-back netted a lofted pass from around 30 yards ` downtown ' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the Ciutat Esportiva training pitch .  Ivan Rakitic and Javier Mascherano applauded while others raced over to congratulate the young defender .  Second-placed Real Madrid moved back within four points of Barcelona with
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to ` pick up ' potential fighters among ` the vulnerable , people with violent backgrounds , very young people and those with mental health issues '  Mr Rowley issued the warning at the Counter-Terror Expo at Olympia , west London , yesterday .  He said : ` We still have groups who are interested in the awful , spectacular attacks that
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in Europe this season .  Lionel Messi also has eight goals , one fewer than Luiz Adriano .  Adriano , who moved to Shakhtar Donetsk in 2007 , has netted on nine times .  Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Champions League news .
The FBI said on Wednesday that Zulkifli bin Hir , a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group , is dead .  Bin Hir was born 1966 in Muar , Johor , according to his profile at the National Counterterroism Center .  Investigators said they had a difficult time confirming bin .  Hir 's death because he was killed in a gruesome raid that went .  awry
Ayyan Ali , 21 , was caught with $ 500,000 in her carry-on bag in Islamabad airport .  She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the $ 10,000 limit .  Ali has been in a Rawalpindi prison since March 14 and has been denied bail .  Lawyers say she is being targeted because of her celebrity status .  She has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice
Deborah Hutton has released ` My Love Affair with Food ' in collaboration with the Australian Women 's Weekly .  The 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with Daily Mail Australia .  Hutton has chosen not to buy into the ` diet / health cookbook ' trend .  She is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy-salt and carbs inclusive .
Hannah Moore , 20 , of Broxburn , West Lothian , had suffered stretch marks after having twins .  She posted the images on Instagram in a bid to boost her confidence .  Told followers : ` Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful '  But two minutes later her account was shut down because of ` nudity and violence '  Mother-of-twins says blocking of her
Manchester United beat Chelsea 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Eden Hazard 's first-half goal gave the league leaders the lead .  Ander Herrera went over under the challenge of Gary Cahill .  Referee Mike Dean adjudged the Spaniard to have dived .  Jose Mourinho was angered earlier this season when Sky used the headline ` Diego Costa crimes ' in their analysis of Chelsea 's Capital One Cup
The Langbord family found the $ 20 coins in a bank deposit box in 2003 .  US Department of the Treasury officials insist the coins were stolen in 1933 .  They said they cannot lawfully own the coins , which she said she found in a family bank deposit .  A jury in 2012 sided with the government and returned the coins to the Langbords .  A surviving coin ,
Tiger Woods had worked so hard on his short game , the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten .  He chipped like a champion ; he drove like a boy racer .  The world No 111 struggled to get under par during the opening round at Augusta .  He recorded a relatively respectable score -- some significant distance off the lead .
Roy Keane 's side drew 1-1 with Aston Villa at the Stadium of Light on December 15,2007 .  Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's game against Aston Villa .  Keane sat them down in the home changing room during the 2007-08 Premier League season .  Keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates .  The former Manchester United midfielder described the team talk as ` one
Jenson Button crashed out of qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix .  The engine in Button 's car cut out at the first corner of his opening quick lap .  Button will start the race 20th and last-his lowest grid slot since the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix , when he was driving for current power-unit suppliers Honda .  Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first
The critters were filmed at Indiana 's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen .  Instead of an even-surfaced court , they ` re forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure .  March Madness is set to come to a close tonight as the Wisconsin Badgers and Duke Blue Devils go head-to-head at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis .
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor , 30 , served in World War I in Gallipoli .  He signed up as a pilot but was sent to the shores of Turkey .  LCpl Keysor picked up live grenades and threw them back at the enemy .  He was awarded a Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort .  The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive .  He even
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job .  Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart 's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week .  A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she ` lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions
Chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of Brazilian starlet Kenedy .  The 19-year-old has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level .  Fluminense president Peter Siemsen has agreed a deal to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci 's agency .
Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach , is pictured breastfeeding her toddler daughter in the image .  The image has been shared more than 25,000 times on Facebook .  Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach , best known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy , Third Watch and ER .  The snap has divided the internet community with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi after ISIS forces intensified their offensive on the city .  According to Iraqi officials , ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province , despite the best efforts of the Iraqi army and arriving Shiite paramilitary reinforcements .  The advance is widely seen as an ISIS 's attempt at an counteroffensive after being forced to abandon
Pep Guardiola split his trousers during Bayern Munich 's 6-1 win over Porto .  The German manager wore a tight , grey suit with a navy pullover , black tie and crisp white shirt .  Russell Brand , Dermot O ` Leary , Daniel Craig and Olly Murs are all guilty of going a little too tight .  Daniel Craig wore a Tom Ford suit in 2012 Bond movie Skyfall
Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s .  Steve Gatting 's side take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night .  Serge Gnabry also set to take part alongside a talented crop of youngsters .  The Gunners beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday .
England were humiliated at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year .  Alex Hales and Chris Woakes have called for some rethinking of the domestic structure .  Hales believes England 's players are n't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions .  Hales was at Edgbaston on Thursday at the launch of this season 's T20 domestic competition .  Brendon McCullum is adept at playing T20 all over the world and Hales
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Jordan Henderson is ` over the moon ' after signing a new long-term contract with Liverpool .  The 24-year-old could be handed the captain 's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the Los Angeles Galaxy at the end of the season .  Henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Clint Dempsey .  Midfielder rejected a # 100,000-a-week deal from Sunderland in 2012 .  Henderson has
Stoke City host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday .  The Potters have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions .  Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Stamford Bridge .  Chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season .
Dane Tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year deal with Hull KR .  The 6ft 7in forward will join the Tigers as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork .  The Australian forward will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese .  Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey retired from the NRL last month .  The Tigers were further depleted in the front row when they agreed to release ex-Leeds prop
Professor David Healy , head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor , North Wales , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact .  He suggested the success of so-called SSRI drugs -- which include Prozac and Seroxat -- was based on the ` marketing of a myth '  In the 1990s , no one knew if SSRIs raised
Sepp Blatter met Russia president Valdimir Putin on Monday .  Blatter said the 2018 World Cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years .  The World Cup runs from June 14 to July 15 .
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain at Augusta National .  The Northern Ireland 's world No 1 is bidding to complete the career Grand Slam if he wins the Masters on Sunday .  He has won four of his last four majors on a course which has been subjected to heavy rain at some point during the week .  Last year 's trio of Fred
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 at Wembley on Sunday .  Steven Gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending .  Brendan Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since Phil Taylor in 1956-59 to not win a trophy in his first season .
Prime Minister was giving campaign speech in south London on Saturday .  He joked that everyone should back his team , but then named West Ham .  Embarrassed Mr Cameron this morning said it must have been because he had been past West Ham 's famous Upton Park ground in East London the day before .  He said : ` I ca n't understand it , but there we are
Sunderland are two places and three points above the drop zone .  The Black Cats have won just one in nine games .  Dick Advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager .
Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach the French Cup final .  Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored his 100th goal for the club from the penalty spot .  Ezequiel Lavezzi made it 2-1 in the 59th minute .  Zlatic completed his hat-trick with a powerful low strike in added time .  PSG will face Auxerre in the final at the Stade de France on May 30 .  They take on Bastia in
Sir Stirling Moss , 85 , won 212 races during his 14-year career .  He has swapped high-octane vehicles of his heyday for tiny electric car .  Sir Stirling said he sees fitness as a ` way of life ' which is why he is so confident .  He said he does 77 press-ups and half a bottle of Chardonnay a day .  Refurbished Austin-Healey Sprite used as training car
Victorino Chua , 49 , denies he tampered with saline bags and ampoules .  Patients Tracey Arden , 44 , Arnold Lancaster , 71 and Derek Weaver , 83 allegedly poisoned .  Prosecution claim Chua changed tack in January 2012 amid an ongoing police investigation .  He is accused of murdering three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport .  He has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all
Steven Davis , 57 , of Milton , Massachusetts , and his relatives are sure James ` Whitey ' Bulger killed his sister , Debra Davis , in 1981 , despite the jury returning a ` no finding ' verdict .  Mr Davis and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy .  ` I do n't like it one bit ... . Everybody
Swansea are interested in signing Schalke full back Christian Fuchs .  The 29-year-old is out of contract at the club in the summer .  Fuchs was outstanding in Schalkes ` Champions League win over Real Madrid last month .  West Bromwich Albion are keen on signing Neil Taylor for around # 4million .  Fuchs has also had interest from Sunderland , Hull and Fulham .
The golfer 's girlfriend , bikini model Alexis Randock , had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week .  The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ` fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a ` gold digger '  ` Must be nice getting s *
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit as head of Bayern Munich 's medical department .  The 72-year-old fell out with Pep Guardiola over an injury to Philipp Lahm .  The pair fell out over a broken ankle in training in November last year .  The doctor was at his city centre clinic , nearly eight miles away .  He quit in high dudgeon once before , after a fall-out with Jurgen Klinsmann .
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had ` Caesar ' for two years and had been trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off from their home in Ispheming , Michigan on the weekend .  They followed his tracks in the soft grass and found the pig .  A day later , a Department of Natural Resources officer showed up at the couple 's door .  He said
Louis Tomlinson , 23 , left Cirque Le Soir nightclub in London at 4am on Wednesday night and went back to his hotel room to continue the party .  He was seen in the same Brooklyn-emblazoned sweater he wore in the ` spliff ' picture .  He returned to the Soho Hotel on Thursday , apparently after the pictures of him with the roll up were taken .  Now ,
Farmers in rural Australia are renting their empty properties for $ 1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities .  Residents of rural towns like Cumnock , Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools and save the local bus run .  Some
Llallawavis scagliai is the most complete skeletons of a ` terror bird '  The South American bird has been named after one of Argentina 's famous naturalists Galileo Juan Scaglia .  Palaeontologists at the Centre for Research in Earth Sciences and the University of Veracruz in Argentina discovered the bird 's auditory system and its trachae .  They say that while it had a terrifying apperance , its hearing was
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was just 19 when he met wife Sam , then 42 , on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009 in which he played the young John Lennon and she directed him .  Six years later , the Hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature .  Friends liken him to Brad Pitt 's character in The Curious
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup sixth round replay at Ewood Park .  Mamadou Sakho limped off heavily and clutching his hamstring .  Kolo Toure replaced the French defender after 28 minutes .  Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are already unavailable .
Boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester .  He was walking across mudflats when he became stuck in knee-deep mud .  The 11-year-old quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety .  He was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling .  Two members of the coastguard 's mud rescue team were called to Brean Beach .  They used
Aaron Hernandez , 25 , was convicted on April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013 .  He was sentenced to life in prison but was moved to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , Massachusetts .  Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 .  Hernandez spent his first week after being convicted , he was moved on Wednesday to the maximum-security
Paris Saint-Germain forward Javier Pastore is the best player in the world , according to Eric Cantona .  Pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared to Cristiano Ronaldo 's 51 for Real Madrid .  Manchester United legend was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai .  Cantona was third in the Ballon d ` Or in 1993 behind Roberto Baggio and Dennis Bergkamp .
The barbaric terror group released photos of crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo despite the meat being slaughtered according to Islamic law and perfectly fit for eat .  Hundreds of pounds of perfectly good food went up in flames within sight camps providing a home to thousands of starving refugees .
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday .  It was expected to launch on 24 April .  Retail chief Angela Ahrendts said customers wo n't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store ` through the month of May '  She added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability
Wooden chair once sat on first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship .  Dubbed ` one of the rarest types of Titanic collectable ' , it is too fragile to sit on , but has been carefully preserved .  Was given by crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur more than 100 years ago .  Anonymous seller kept it by a large window overlooking sea at his home .  never sat on
Christian Trousedale , 18 , walked the 95-year-old man to his front door .  He held his hand as they made their way to his home in Horwich , near Bolton .  His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady , who stopped them to take a picture which she posted on Facebook .  The picture has been ` liked ' a quarter of a million times and shared
Four out of ten British Muslims partly blame the security services for radicalising young Jihadis .  Eight per cent of British Muslims said they had ` a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of Jihadi John .  More than a quarter of Muslims sympathised with the Charlie Hebdo attackers .  One in five followers of Islam believe that British Muslims do not do enough to integrate into society ,
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in Christchurch , New Zealand .  It shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars .  People inside can be seen filming the lions from their phones .
Charlie Adam scored an incredible 66-yard strike against Chelsea on Easter weekend .  The Stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this Easter weekend .  Adam scored a similar effort against Blackpool reserves in 2009 .
Duncan Burton , 57 , was arrested and charged last week with sexually assaulting a female passenger .  He was released in November 2012 but was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs .  According to Houston regulations someone with a drug conviction is not eligible for a city permit to drive cabs .  However , they could appeal and still receive one .
Chelsea 's defence was breached just 15 times as they won the Premier League with 95 points .  Jose Mourinho 's side have proved that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge .  From the meanest to the most successful , Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history .  No team has conceded fewer goals than Chelsea in his first season
HBO 's ` Going Clear ' was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month .  It alleges abusive practices at the religion 's US headquarters .  Lawyers have warned that the difference in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean the show might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic .  Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act .  This means Sky is set to postpone or
Arsenal take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Danny Welbeck says he has settled in at Arsenal .  The Arsenal striker has been unlucky in front of goal , but wants to play in a more central role .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Finder . com . au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers .  She says de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes will add cash to your sale .  She says changing the door-knobs or sprucing up the curtains can add thousands of dollars to your home 's value .  The Australian property market remains
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Friday .  The WBA , WBO , IBF and IBO champion will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years .  The Ukrainian has been reminiscing about winning Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996 .  The 39-year-old has not shown any signs of decline despite being just a year short of his 40th birthday
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor Oneal Ron Morris , who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat , Super Glue and mineral oil .  Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks , lips and chin back in 2005 , and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a cosmetic surgeon .  Rajee was recently treated
Virgil van Dijk scored Celtic 's opener against Inverness on Sunday .  The Dutch defender wants his side to bounce back and win the SPL title .  Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Manager Ronny Deila had targeted the treble in his first season .  But that dream ended in controversial fashion when they were beaten by Inverness .  Celtic can reopen an
Codpieces used in hit BBC drama Wolf Hall were too small , says expert .  Victoria Miller , who has researched the codpiece for her PHD , says they should have been far too modest for Henry VIII 's court .  Mark Rylance , who played Henry VIII , blames the diminutive size on a ` directive from our American producers '  Historian Lucy Worsley has said that Kate Phillips
Six-alarm fire broke out Friday morning at General Electric 's Appliance Park in Louisville , Kentucky .  More than 100 firefighters have been called to fight the blaze , which started around 7am .  Hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building , which was evacuated and sent home .  Residents were told to stay in a room with the fewest possible windows and shut off ventilation
Bailey Murrill , of Denton in Texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days .  She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for .  When her favorite nurse came on shift , she got up and stood on her own .  The nurse screamed and then burst into tears as other staff look on .
Labour would introduce new legal right to ` granny leave ' to allow working grandparents to take time off to help with childcare .  Deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year .  She said the policy would require a change in the law and would help working families .  More than half of mothers rely on grandparents for
Duke of York visited AkzoNobel in Slough as part of his work with Outward Bound Trust .  He was shown products from their best-known paint range , Dulux Paints .  The 55-year-old has always denied lurid sex claims against him were thrown out .  He was in a chauffeur-driven Bentley and met company 's UK managing director , Matt Pullen .  He also spent 40 minutes in a private meeting
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday .  Luis Enrique has played down Neymar 's petulant reaction when he was substituted against Sevilla on Saturday .  The Brazil forward was furious at being replaced by Xavi with around 20 minutes left .  Luis Enrique declined to reveal who would start the match at the Parc des Princes .  He said : ` As a coach I understand
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago .  They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material .  A heat pulse lasted less than a minute , too short to set plants alight .  It suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought .
Taya Kyle told ABC 's Robin Roberts she gathered her son , Colton and daughter , McKenna and prepared to tell them .  ` I remembered just closing my eyes , the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe , ' said Kyle .  Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of capital murder on February 24 for shooting dead Chris Kyle and his friend , Chad Littlefield .
Juan Arango 's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league .  Arango went up to Jesus Zavala and bit him on the shoulder .  The incident was reminiscent of Luis Suarez 's bite on Giorgio Cheillini 's shoulder .
The principal of Newington College in Sydney 's inner west has sent an email to parents and former students to inform them of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years .  Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday .  He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time .  Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher has lambasted the Newcastle United goalkeeper for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional .  The Dutchman should have been so lost in his own despair , or anger , or disappointment , or fierce resolve to get back on terms , if he 'd noticed Defoes at all , the
Ben Hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol .  He slipped on the wet ground following a tackle and crashed into the building .  He was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care but died three days later .  Tributes have flooded in for the footballer , who was described by his club as a ` total legend '  Close friend and
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray , 25 , who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van .  Hundreds of residents took to the streets of West Baltimore on Tuesday to protest the police force in Gray 's name .  City officials released the names of six
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season .  The striker is on loan from Chelsea and is the Championship 's Player of the Year .  He says he wants to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge with Chelsea .
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea .  Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India 's .  Many people in the U.S. . , Russia or China never see the sea in their lives .
Miley Cyrus shocked fans with this photo by leaving her underarms unshaved .  Hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health .  Hair follicles are rich in stem cells-cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves-which help the skin heal .  A bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks , cuts and bruising than a hairy one .  But removing hair through shaving or
The USS Independence was found 800m underwater off California 's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible .  There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the carrier , scientists with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -LRB- NOAA -RRB- said on Thursday .  Veteran aircraft carrier survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a ` target vessel
Leroy J . Toppins went missing about 6pm Friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in Washington Court House , Ohio .  More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday .  At 7pm , the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to Corriere dello Sport .  The Serie A champions want to partner him with Carlos Tevez .  Manchester United are also interested in signing the PSG striker .  The player 's agent , Claudio Anelucci , admits a move to England or Spain is most likely .
Duchess of Cambridge 's uncle hit out at ` speeding ' cyclist in Regents Park .  Cyclist was listening to music on headphones when he ran straight over chihuahua Cheech .  Mr Goldsmith , 49 , was with his wife Julie-Ann in Central London at 8.30 am yesterday .  He said : ` He was going far too fast and did n't slow down . He looked dead '  `
Samsung sold 82.4 m smartphones in the first three months of the year , for a 24.5 percent market share .  However , Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones , squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier .  Apple held an 18.2 % market share after selling 61.2 million iPhones .
Wojciech Szczesny celebrated his 25th birthday on Saturday .  The 25-year-old was joined by family and friends at his home in London .  He was treated to a private birthday performance by Polish band , Lemon .  Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 to reach the FA Cup final for the second consecutive season .
Dallas Cowboys star Greg Hardy , 25 , drove his Bentley through flash floods in Dallas this week .  He got stuck when the car could not make it through the rising , fast flowing waters .  It took officials and a tow truck several hours to remove the car and Hardy was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions .  Hardy , who signed
Unidentified student was at country music festival Chilifest in Texas when she was caught drinking underage .  She was challenged to a game of Rock Paper Scissors by three police officers .  The girl , who is thought to be a student at Texas A & M University in College Station , beat the cops , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option .  As soon as
Court documents unearthed from Jon Hamm 's time at University of Texas at Austin .  Allegedly set fire to a pledge and dragged him by his genitals .  Also allegedly beat him with a paddle and used a claw hammer to drag him around the room `  Alleged incident happened in November 1990 at the Sigma Nu fraternity .  Hamm , 44 , was charged with assault in connection with
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked .  One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be .
Charles Kingham , 86 , and Pauline Moore , 68 , bought their home for # 35,000 in 1987 .  They spent two years converting it into their dream home .  But it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre .  Mr Kingham said : ` This is misery , absolute misery and nobody wants to do anything . That is
The nine-gram robots were built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University .  They can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall .  Another robot-nicknamed [UNK]Tug-weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier .  They are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites .
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family .  The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old .  She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC 's Foreign Correspondent reporter Sally Sara .  Ms English got the chance to meet another adoptee
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle sexual assault on public transport .  A video in which a female commuter is groped on The Underground .  Unsettling footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male .  He gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her .  ` He pushes his groin right into you , ' the narrator asks . ` Would you
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with his ex , Lia Palmquist .  She accused him of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan .  That would mean Palmquist had sex with the RZA , the GZA .  , Ghostface Killah , Masta Killa , U-God , Inspectah Deck , Raekwon , Cappadonna and Method Man .  Palmquist said : ` I would never be a bust-down or a
The video , called Extra Storage Space , has been viewed almost 600,000 times .  It blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment .  Viewers are encouraged to not to switch off until having watched the final piece of advice .  They include making room for date nights , getting onto a schedule as quickly as possible and not forgetting to indulge in a bit of personal time .
Evan Summerfield was born on November 3 last year and was four-months-old .  He had a high temperature while staying with his great grandparents in Devon .  The four-month-old had a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button .  He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but doctors battled to save him .  He was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after .  His parents have been
Footage appears to show Manchester City fans singing a vile song .  The clip was taken after Sunday 's Manchester derby which United won 4-2 .  It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section .  It mocks the Munich Air Disaster in which 23 people died .  A host of United greats , including Duncan Edwards , Tommy Taylor and Roger Byrne , died following the
Phil Rudd , 60 , was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis .  His judge-alone trial is due to begin on Tuesday , in the Tauranga District Court , his lawyer changed his plea to guilty .  The case has been adjourned until June 26 when Rudd 's lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction .  Rudd hit the headlines
Several properties in West Pittston , Pennsylvania , were littered with debris .  Residents believe the rubbish came from a plane 's lavatory tank .  FAA said it is ` very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft '
Mark Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window .  Asmir Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer .  Hughes missed out on # 10million Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window .  Stoke sit 10th in the Premier League and still have an outside chance of earning a European berth .
Of the 200-strong audience , about 58 were Conservative or Ukip supporters .  About 102 backed left-leaning parties -- Labour , the Lib Dems , SNP , Plaid Cymru or SNP-described themselves as undecided .  ICM admitted that it recruited almost all of its audience members London .  It said it identified ` 30 geographical areas ' within a 20-mile radius of the debate hall and found at least eight
` I ' ve got a driver -- a 16-year-old driving around , ` the first lady said during an appearance on Live ! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday .  Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service , Mrs . Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the .  White House grounds on her own .  ` She always has security
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California .  The wing can bend from-2 degrees up to 30 degrees .  It means that regular flaps are n't needed-and it is much lighter .  In this image , the technology is visible at the flat ` flap at the base of the wing .  The breakthrough could also increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent ,
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool .  Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any player who wanted to leave .  Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is adamant that Sterling will not be sold .  The England international admits he is ` flattered ' by interest from the north London club .  Sterling will start against Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday .  The 20-year-old admits he
Manchester United are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for  The club 's # 750m , 10-year deal with adidas runs until end of July .  There is no buy-out clause in Nike deal that ends in July .  Louis van Gaal has had a big input on United 's pre-season plans .
The robot sub was due to be a routine mission to examine the depths of the Gulf of Mexico .  But a giant sperm whale suddenly appeared 2,000 feet under the ocean .  Sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the U.S. . Endangered Species Act .  Footage shows the whale swimming in and out of the camera lights , at times spinning and looking directly into the
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters .  The 85-year-old has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder .  Palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit his tee shot .  Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters on Thursday .
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals .  Danish government bought in tougher legislation amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels .  Norway , Sweden and Britain previously banned bestiality .
Buzz60 's Patrick Jones was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign in New York City .  While the women he spoke to called the practice ` disgusting , ' saying it makes them feel ` horrible ' and ` uncomfortable '  ` Sometimes , you know , you gotta call a girl , ' says the man , who is wearing sunglasses and a T-shirt with a logo of what appears
Sarah Thomas , a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon , Mississippi , has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time NFL referee .  She has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps .  The Conference USA official became the first female to officiate a FBS game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 .  The NFL
If it 's real wild life you ` re after , then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding .  You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay-the dolphin capital of Britain .  The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level .
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed .  Bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends spotted the leader 's bus .  One of the group from Knutsford spotted his bus and alerted the bride .  Miliband was allowed on the bus and emerged in a white and blue dress .  He appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United .  The 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley 's running of the club .  Fans will protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from billionaire Ashley .  The Magpies have returned record profits of # 18.7 m this week .
The local fan scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence during practice .  He then made a bid for the pit wall before heading to the Ferrari garage .  He was later said to have been waving his entry ticket .  It is believed he shouted : ` I want a car . I ' ve got a ticket `  Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend 's
Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .  His mother was there to help him as he
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days travelling to 103 countries on four continents .  From Brazil to Uganda , Takezawa attempts to capture the dignity and resilience of his subjects .  The Japanese adventurer found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world .  Takezawa is the winner of the third Nikkei National Geographic Photo Prize and has made a living documenting remote
Andros Townsend has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs .  The Tottenham and England winger 's strike in Turin measured at 77.2 mph .  The 23-year-old 's ability was first noticed two years ago when he tried to save QPR from relegation with a string of virtuoso performances .  England manager Roy Hodgson said : ` We are indebted to
Murdered preacher Abdul Hadi Arwani was killed by a hitman , it emerged .  Syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in London .  He was on pretence of providing a quote for some building work .  But when imam arrived , the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat .  Murder at 11.15 am on Tuesday bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination .
Ed Sheeran took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital .  Ms Knight was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia two weeks ago .  The 20-year-old was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment .  Sheeran crashed Ms Knight 's birthday party in hospital in between shows over the weekends .  Sheeran is currently
The SFA are intransigent to football embracing the kind of video technology that would have seen Josh Meekings red carded and Celtic awarded a penalty in the Scottish Cup semi-final .  The International Football Board -- the SFA , FA , Irish FA , Welsh FA and FIFA -- gathered in Belfast supposedly to discuss the possibility of approving trials .  Greg Dyke the -LRB- FA chairman -RRB- has come
Labour leader Ed Miliband admitted he ` blubbed ' while watching the British film Pride .  Pride centres on the 1984 miners ` strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to South Wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the National Union of Mineworkers .  Needless to say , the evil dictator who they ` re fighting is Margaret
Dele Alli has set his sights on playing for England Under 20s at the Toulon Tournament next month .  The 19-year-old has impressed for MK Dons this season .  Alli was named Football League Young Player of the Year at the Football League Awards last Sunday .  England have been drawn in Group B with China , Ivory Coast , Mexico and Morocco .  They begin their campaign against Morocco
Hillary Clinton 's great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil .  She went on to marry William Jones , a coal miner from Neath , in 1871 .  The couple moved to Ystradyfodwg in the Welsh Valleys in the 1880s .  The area was known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty .  The area has since been abolished and is now part of Rhondda .  Mrs Clinton
On Tuesday , SpaceX came incredibly close to landing its Falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the Atlantic .  The unverified video shows the rocket drifting into view slow motion and floating onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over .  The video , which appeared on Reddit , reveals how the rocket overcompensates for its extreme tilt .  Earlier this week
In England alone , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers .  In the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier .  In the early stages of the disease , it 's the short-term memory that 's most affected , making it harder for patients to keep track of the
Mazzy , who suffers from Spina Bifida , was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday .  Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun .  Edward West , 59 , allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem , Oregon , telling them , ` get ready to die '  Just then , a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his
Tour guide kicks his legs in the air to lure a mob of local Emus .  The guide is filmed from a vehicle on an empty dirt road in the bush .  Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia .  They can reach speeds of up to 70 km / hour and are said to be able to ` run the pants off a Kangaroo '  The manoeuvre is
Gunfights broke out and .  vehicles were set ablaze in Reynosa , a city across the Rio Grande .  from McAllen , Texas , on Friday afternoon .  Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police .  were injured , the Tamaulipas state government said .  Earlier in the day , federal police and marines captured ` El Gafe , ' a leader of the Gulf
Marie Surprenant was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs .  She was admitted to Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures , numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic .  After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested , Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by Michele .  Marie wrote a detailed account of how her biological mom 's boyfriend
12 % of Brits think the child should be named after William 's mother .  Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference , getting 9 % of the vote .  13 % of people would like him to be called James , with the second favourite name being Alexander .
Celebrities at Coachella are known for their ` out there ' outfits .  One man opted for a full bodysuit in the scorching sun .  Jaden Smith , 16 , wore a floral-print tunic that looked like a tiered dress .  Paris Hilton , Khloe Kardashian , Katy Perry and Kylie Jenner all wore faux pas .  Katy Perry went for a demure look in a tent-like rose coloured layered
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City .  The winger can be bought for # 2.5 million at the end of the season .  The 26-year-old has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa .  Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final in May .
Seven rare artifacts were found on display at the Honolulu Museum of Art .  They are believed to have been looted from ancient temples and Buddhist sites in India .  They were found to be sourced from former New York art dealer Subhash Kapoor .  Kapoor , who is facing charges in India , donated one of the items and sold five to the museum , while one was a
Sidonie created impromptu song on Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela .  They wrote the song after experiencing ` lack of respect ' from flight attendants .  The band 's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers .  Ryanair said the song was dedicated to the ` irritable airline '
Dmitri Kovtun , a former KGB agent , is wanted for Alexander Litvinenko 's murder .  Claims that he was not involved in the dissident 's death and that he poisoned himself .  He has agreed to give evidence as long as he is given right to examine evidence .  If he testifies , he will have to do so by video link if he tries to travel to Britain
A new study by Lancashire 's Edge Hill University and the University of South Australia found a direct link between anxiety and GCSE grades achieved .  The study , which has been published in the British Journal of Educational Psychology , questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools .  Researcher Dr Dave Putwain said a high degree of worry over one 's performance has a detrimental effect on GCSC results .
Wellington Batucada -- a community-based percussion group -- brought the flamboyant world of samba to Cuba Street with late night revellers eager to be part of the dancing street party unfolding .  The massive scale festival -- the first of its kind in several years-saw lively street performances , circus acts taking over parks and performers stretching across the corners of the city .  Performers dressed in outrageously outlandish costumes
Hilary Wilson , 41 , from Whitchurch , Shropshire , had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section .  She ` died ' for 11 minutes and woke with no idea she had been pregnant .  She only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born , and it ` clicked
Fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security .  But experts have discovered they may not be as secure as first thought .  The flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system , up to and including Android 4.4 .  Once a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors , including the fingerprint scanner .  When a fingerprint is scanned it is
Beatrice Nokes , 21 , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes .  She is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex .  She is accused of running the vice ring with Met police officer Daniel Williams .  Williams , 37 , is also accused of hiding the profits of their activities in socks .  Nokes appeared at Westminster Magistrates ` Court today .
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs , with 46 % giving them toys bought for their elder sibling .  82 % have a memento of their first child , such as a lock of hair or a video of first steps , but only 23 % have keepsake for their second .  New Royal baby may be about to force Prince
Pippa Middleton , 31 , bought the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva .  The nappies are very popular in Switzerland , but have yet to catch on in the UK .  Pippa has also been seen visiting a high-end baby boutique in Geneva .
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool .  The 20-year-old is entitled to ` buy-out ' the last year of his current contract .  He could force his way out of Anfield this summer , costing the club up to # 25million .  Manchester City and Chelsea are both keen on the England international .  Sterling is currently on a # 35,000 a week , which
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF / BTC World Relays in the Bahamas .  The six-time Olympic gold medallist will be part of the Jamaican team .  Bolt insists he always does ` his best to make his country proud .
Trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner .  Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty 's Lord Windermere , Spring Heeled , Willie Mullins-trained Ballycasey , Nina Carberry and Gordon Elliott 's Cause Of Causes .  Richie McLernon has been confirmed for the mount on Emma Lavelle 's Court By Surprise .  Sean Bowen has a chance to pick up the one steeplechase win he needs to be
Li Chien , 30 , had been visiting a pub in Taiwan 's Hualien county .  He became annoyed at his neighbour 's dog barking and killed it .  Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky .  The dog was found several hours later by his distraught owner Tang Chao , 40 .  Mr Chao said : ` I do
Jack Grealish started for Aston Villa against Queens Park Rangers .  The 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke 's equaliser and setting up Fabian Delph 's winner .
Maine Medical Center officials informed Josh Dall-Leighton this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him .  Christine Royles , 24 , of South Portland , who is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse him for unpaid time away from work .  Someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40,000 .  Royles was 23 when she learned
Ian Pettigrew , 46 , from Ontario , Canada , was working on his book of portraits , Just Breathe : Adults with Cystic Fibrosis , when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male .  For those with CF , a defective gene and its protein product cause the body to produce a thick , sticky mucus in the lungs , pancreas and other organs ,
Theia , a 1-year-old bully breed mix , was hit by a car , clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in Washington state .  Days later , the dog showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm .  Theia survived and was discovered with a dislocated jaw , leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity .  She is recovering with the help
Natalie Fuller , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis .  She died when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore , Maryland , last month .  In the wake of her death , Doris Fuller has written about her illness .  She said she was ` the bravest person I have ever known , and her suicide does n't change that '  Natalie had her first
Mandi L . Walkley , 39 , and Jacob M . Austin , 52 , died after a storm hit their church kayaking trip .  William D . Kelley , 50 , remains hospitalized in serious condition .  Fellow kayaker Dennis Caines said the terrible weather ` came up all of a sudden '  He said the group ` were n't ready for it ' as they paddled back to
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .  Just under half -LRB- 47 % -RRB- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 % of men .  For men , the figure was even higher , with 52 % having mental issues .  One in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a
Local media suggest this is a way for villagers to save money on transportation .  It has been reported on as early as May 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong .  It has since spread to different parts of the province .
Post Office asked forensic accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system .  Complaints from dozens of subpostmasters said they had been wrongly accused of theft , fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered .  Now leaked copy of independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures , cyber criminals or human error .  Accused Post Office of failing ` in many cases ' to
Michael Rapiejko , 34 , was involved in a lawsuit while working for the New York Police Department .  He was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005 , pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him .  Colon also claimed that he choked him and ordered that he get back into his car .  In the end , Colon
The meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from Europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour .  Nick Watson , a semi-professional photographer from Newcastle , captured an amazing picture of the meteor over Lindisfarne Castle on Holy Island in Northumberland .  The Lyrids are so-called because they occur in the constellation Lyra .
The 3,600-passenger , Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market .  Atul Kochhar and Mary Berry are some of the other foodies Britannia 's owners , P & O , have enlisted .  In Cartagena , Spain , guide Pedro teaches us about traditional Spanish cuisine on a wine and tapas tour , then shows us around the city 's Roman theatre .  In the
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday .  The defeat all but ends Liverpool 's Champions League hopes .  Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of himself with Steven Gerrard .  Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday .
A new look at the ancient hominin 's skeleton suggests one of the bones may , in fact , belong to a baboon .  Discovered in 1974 , the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia .  When discovered in Ethiopia , Lucy was the only skeleton of the species known ; she would ` ve
Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst , 71 , entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana .  The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California , where he 's charged in the December
The fight broke out at a Zara clothing store in Philadelphia 's Rittenhouse Square on Friday afternoon .  The women pulled hair , slapped , yanked each other 's clothes and knocked over store displays .  At one point a woman got on top of a table and jumped off like she was wrestling in a WWE match .  The police were called , but all of the women who
Dating from 1250 , The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh .  It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin .  Using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered .  Experts believe a 16th century owner of the book , probably a man named Jaspar Gryffyth , erased centuries ` worth of
Kris and Tina Wardle fell in love in 2002 and had planned a life together .  Kris married Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son , Mark , acting as Best Man .  But less than two years later , the HGV truck driver would be a widower .  His wife was stabbed to death by now 21-year-old Mark Howe .  Kris said Mark was the apple of Tina 's
Study by Socialist MP Guillaume Garot urges eateries to embrace ` le doggy bag '  Throwing still-edible food away costs the average French household $ 400 -LRB- # 285 -RRB- .  UN report found 1.3 billion tons of food was wasted globally each year .
Manchester City are planning a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling .  The Premier League champions have made the Liverpool forward a primary target .  City plan to make a formal statement by making a formal offer for the forward .  The transfer window officially opens on July 1 .  Liverpool value Sterling at around # 50million .
Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old .  The border collies use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable .  The dogs have been trained to lift her paw to ` hang five '
Serafim Todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather in the boxing ring .  The Bulgarian lives in an apartment in the remote town of Pazardzhik in southern Bulgaria .  He lives on a # 370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government .
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can reach the last four of the Champions League .  The Bulgarian striker believes the French club are within reach of the semi-final .  Monaco lost 1-0 to Juventus in the first leg of the quarter-final last week .
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against Tottenham on April 19 .  Fans who do n't want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in demonstrations held both before and after the game at St James ` Park .  A social media campaign has been launched for the match , which will be shown live on Sky Sports
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City .  This is the first time the Emmy-winning writer , producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist Dr . Fredric Brandt on April 5 at his home in Miami .  Dr . Brandt was said to have been devastated over a caricature of himself
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp appeared on Sky 's A League Of Their Own .  The pair performed The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper 's Delight .  Barnes played together at Liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997 .  Barnes reached No 1 in the UK with England 's 1990 World Cup song World in Motion by New Order .
Jose Mourinho was Bobby Robson 's assistant at Barcelona .  Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time .  Laurent Blanc and Luis Enrique will face each other in the Champions League on Wednesday .  The pair were in the team that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996 .  Blanc was a huge part of the Barca team
Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with Newcastle ` disrespectful '  The former England boss is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle 's short list for the head coach role at St James ` Park next season .  The other is thought to be John Carver , who replaced Alan Pardew in January .
Zayn 's relationship with Little Mix singer Perrie Edwards has come under scrutiny .  The 22-year-old has been accused of cheating on his fiance .  At the weekend Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed she had slept with him .  The pair 's union could be compared to that of Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Ashley Cole .  Like Cheryl and Ashley their romance has been dogged with cheating allegations .  He has
Experts at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram for an exam wo n't work because the process converting short-term memories to long-term ones is best carried out when a person is asleep .  Scientists have long known that sleep , memory and learning are deeply connected .  Most animals , from flies to humans , have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived .  But studies have shown that
Ronald Reagan met Mikhail Gorbachev for the first time at a peace summit in Geneva in 1985 .  He asked for his support in the event of an alien invasion from extra terrestrial life .  He repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students .  Deputy national security adviser Colin Powell was said to be horrified by the mention of aliens at the meeting .  Powell 's
Ruth Bader Ginsburg , 82 , is one of four liberal-voting Supreme Court justices .  Will be part of a decision on whether states can ban same-sex unions .  Obergefell v . Hodges will be heard from Tuesday and a decision is expected this summer .
Nyia Parler , 41 , allegedly left her son in woods with just a blanket and a bible .  The 21-year-old boy , who also has cerebral palsy , was found on Friday night .  Police say he had been there for five days and the last time he and his mother were seen together was on Easter Sunday .  The boy 's mother , who has been charged with
Bayern Munich face his former club Barcelona in the Champions League .  Pep Guardiola 's side have an excellent Champions League pedigree , with a coach in Franck Ribery , Bastian Schweinsteiger and Arjen Robben .  Bayern have a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga and the minor inconvenience of a German Cup semi-final against Dortmund .  The Italian champions must now work out how to prevent his old
Click on a calendar to to take a look at what you searched for on any given date .  All of your search history downloaded to Google Drive in a ZIP archive .
From Marks and Spencer to Primark , they ` re all at it , flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings .  Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test .  Topshop Beauty has all of this season 's beauty looks , from a rainbow of nail polishes -LRB- # 6 -RRB- to Lip Ombre -LRB- # 9 -RRB- .  Mono Eye Shadow -LRB-
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United .  The 26-year-old scored a late winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .  Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal 's plans and will be up for sale at around # 7million .  West Ham have a list of primarily young transfer targets ahead of their final season .  They are in pursuit of Pedro Obiang , Moussa Konate
Robert Kennedy Jr used the term while promoting a film linking thimerosal-a chemical used in vaccines-and autism .  On Monday , he publicly retracted his statement .  He said he was struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families .  ` I want to apologize to all who I offended by my use of the word holocaust to describe the autism epidemic ,
A woman walked on to New York City 's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon on Monday .  She climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above Newtown Creek .  Police arrived on scene at about 11.50 am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down .  At about 2pm
Supermodels like Cindy Crawford , Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley still have A-List status .  Cindy Crawford 's daughter Kaia Gerber made her modelling debut for Young Versace aged just 10 .
A new Ask Reddit thread invited disabled people to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite .  ` Do n't call me an inspiration . Be your own damn inspiration , ' one user wrote .  Many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be ` praised ' for doing normal things , like going to
Ed Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers .  But he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on .  Move to clampdown on landbanking-where firms hold on to undeveloped sites while its value increases-has proven unpopular .  Shares in Barrett Developments saw shares drop from more than # 5.42 each to under # 5.32 within two hours of the FTSE
Former Chelsea defender Alex sees his attempt blocked by Inter keeper Samir Handanovic , in one of the game 's few clear-cut chances .  Philippe Mexes thought he had scored an own goal , as did his keeper Diego Lopez , but it was ruled out and the game remained goalless .  A goalless second provided little more in the first half at the San Siro .  Both sides showed
Bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials .  It was placed on anonymous file sharing sites within the Dark Web .  Data was accessed from 22 countries-United States , Brazil , Belgium , Spain , Germany , the United Kingdom , France , Sweden , Finland , the Maldives , New Zealand , Canada , Italy , Turkey and Luxembourg .  By day 12 , the file
Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help Fiorentina qualify for the Europa League semi-finals .  Substitute Juan Vargas scored a late goal in the 90th minute to secure a place in the next round of Europe 's second tier cup competition .  Jeremain Lens was sent off in the first half for an apparent dive inside the penalty area at the Stadio
Disgraced comedian Daniel O ` Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney via Doha and Melbourne .  Dapper Laughs chatted up air stewardesses and mocked airport cleaners .  In a Snapchat video filmed at Doha airport he said : ` Ooh we ' ve got some sweethearts there . `` Hi there , '' she knows `  After arriving in Sydney , he joined backpackers at a bar and joked that
Waheed Ahmed , 21 , is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed .  He was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with eight of his relatives .  He was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week and released without charge .  Six people-a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham Airport , two women and two men held at Manchester Airport , and a 30-year old old
More than 50,000 Britons have signed up to scheme offering discount starter homes .  Project is part of dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme .  Each starter home will cost no more than # 250,000 outside London and # 450,000 in the capital .
The opening of the Australian Turf Club has been postponed .  Racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel were disappointed to find an empty track .  Officials decided to move the $ 10 million program to Monday .  Ticket-holders who wo n't be able to make Monday 's event will be given the option of receiving a refund .  The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead on Monday and
Tiger Woods , 39 , was pictured hugging Sam , 8 , and Charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club , Georgia , ahead of his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015 .  The former world No 1 has dropped out of the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996 .  He was
David Cameron hit back at Andrew Marr after being left baffled by questions .  Said he had said foxhunting was his favourite sport during interview on Sunday .  But he was heckled by someone claiming ` the NHS is dying '  Mr Cameron said at the weekend he would ` take to the streets ' to defend Tory record .  He said he had ` upped the tempo ' to
Elizabeth ` Elle ' Edmunds , 31 , has been charged with two counts of obtaining benefits by deception .  She allegedly faked ovarian cancer to raise $ 2500 from strangers .  The mother-of-two , from Belmont , near Newcastle , NSW , said she was put up to the act by her violent partner , John Heagney , in February .  She said she feared for her life and
Joseph Getty , 26 , pleaded guilty to drink-driving at Westminster Magistrates ` Court .  Banned from driving for 20 months and ordered to pay a fine of # 1,000 .  Getty had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped .  He was driving his Range Rover through Belgrave Square near his west London home .  Getty earns # 40,000 a year as a financial
KFC allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across Australia and roam from freezer to fryer on Saturday .  The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store .  Nikki Lawson , Chief Marketing and Development Officer for KFC , said : ` They 'll
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Jeannie Flynn , 53 , was walking to her GPs when pavement opened up .  Man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement .  As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards .  She was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming ` get her out because it 's all going to collapse '  She was taken to
Tony Pulis has admitted that Joey Barton ` probably had a point ' about West Brom losing their cool .  Barton said the club 's players 's * * * themselves ` during defeat to QPR in December .  The former Gillingham manager said the 's ` entitled to hid views and his opinions '  The two sides meet again at the Hawthorns on Saturday .
Andy Murray says his colleagues should use Aljaz Bedene 's arrival as motivation to better themselves .  British No 1 says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking .  Bedene , originally from Slovenia , is due to play in the Davis Cup this week .  The world No 83 , who has a good wrist injury , is on tour every week .  Murray says Bedene
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday 's show .  The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing .
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  This is the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history .  Ray Leonard , Roberto Duran , Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler all fought in some of the ring 's epic battles .  Sugar Ray Leonard beat the Panamanian hard man in a mano-a-mano slug-out
Steve Ashton found the ` terrible ' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother 's room in Aneurin Bevan Court , Newport .  His mother Joan , 81 , lives alone in the sheltered housing complex .  Mr Ashton is campaigning for changes to be made to ensure better food standards .  Other substandard meals to have been served include a lasagne ` full
Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the Masters .  The world No 1 is hoping to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters .  The Northern Irishman is bidding to join Gene Sarazen , Ben Hogan , Gary Player , Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods in winning all four major titles .  The 25-year-old says he was n't working
Erica Avery , 17 , was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet .  Prosecutor Maria Schneider said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone .  Avery and her co-defendant Patricia Montes are accused of punching , kicking and pepper-spraying the girl before holding her down to be
Three youngsters won a competition to visit MI5 's London HQ .  The budding young Bonds were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls .  The initiative was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the MI5 building .  It comes at a time when the UK 's intelligence agencies are busier than ever .  Last week 's episode , eight finalists had to crack codes to establish the
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea .  The 21-year-old has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances .  Gomes says he is happy to stay at Valencia and ply his trade in La Liga .
Riley Filmer , 14 , turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College , in Melbourne 's south-east .  The rubber-soled soft leather lace-ups were pointed out by a teacher .  She was taken to the school 's office , where she was offered a pair of shoes from lost property , and remained until the end of the day .  Her
Arsene Wenger had all but given up on Francis Coquelin when he was sent on loan to Charlton before Christmas .  Bellerin scored his second Arsenal goal against Liverpool on Saturday .
An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce fizz in Cola .  Many nations are looking into Carbon Capture and Storage -LRB- CCS -RRB- technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions .  CCS refers to the process of capturing carbon released by burning .  fossil fuels and storing it in porous rock layers in areas
Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United .  The 29-year-old has scored just four Premier League goals this season .  River Plate are open to signing the striker .
Momin Hopur , a Uighur celebrity chef , spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival in Yining County in north Xinjiang .  The camel was coated in a yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln .  It was cooked with more than 10,000 bricks , yellow mud and salt .  This is the sixth camel Hopur has roasted during the
TV viewers will be able to follow Bruce Jenner 's journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E ! starting July 27 .  But it is allegedly his sons Burt , Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change .  ` They are warning him to
Christian Eriksen was seen kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist in central London .  Eriksen has n't scored since January 's 1-0 win over West Brom .  The Danish midfielder has not scored since the start of the season .  Tottenham are currently seventh in the Premier League , seven points off the fourth place they need to qualify for the Champions League .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur
Trooper Abraham Martinez , a 10-year veteran trooper , took chase when Steven Gaydos , 25 , ran a stop sign near Houston in December 2012 .  Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license .  Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car , striking Gaydos once in the thigh .  As he
Police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos .  Tanzania 's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts .  In Burundi , albino youngsters are being housed under army protection .  At least 15 people with albinism , mostly children , have been killed , wounded , abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months .  Body
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night .  Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start at lock for Glasgow Warriors .  The duo have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club .  The pair are to retire at the end of May and each have a maximum of six outings left of their professional careers .  The match ball will be presented by Hall
William D . Allen , Susan Daub and Capital Financial Partners are accused of reaping more than $ 31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes .  Allen , 36 , was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012 , playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins .  The SEC said Allen and Daub
Calcium formations on ` Altamura Man ' - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993-suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old .  Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .  Up until now , held off from excavating the remains as they thought it would cause irreparable to the skeleton .  Scientists believe
Sir David Nicholson warned of a ` substantial financial problem ' at the heart of the NHS .  Former head of NHS England said it was crucial that all the main political parties backed the NHS 's five-year plan .  David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash -- but Ed Miliband has refused .  Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said : ` Labour must explain why they
Adele Berry , 21 , spoke to the call handler over a bill last month .  But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her .  He called himself her ` future hubby ' and asked about his ` in laws '  He has now been suspended by Vodafone , which has a number of call centres in the UK .  Ms Berry said :
Max is a 18.5 in high fully-grown husky corgi cross .  He 's a favourite with workers at the Dogs Trust in Basildon , Essex .  He is a corgski , part husky , and is looking for a new home .  Huskies have become increasingly popular due to shows such as Game of Thrones .
Today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster .  A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who died .  Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims .
Jimmy Anderson will make his 100th Test appearance in Antigua on Monday .  Anderson needs just four wickets to become the leading Test wicket-taker in England 's history .  The Lancastrian wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible .
Five customers reported having ` thermal incidents '  Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado-SUV or ute-to have their cars checked out immediately .  The models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015 .  Last year , Holden shared the title of most recalled car brand with Jeep after issuing 14 notices to recall
Eight-book series was written between 1970 and 2012 .  It follows a ` gunslinger ' on his journey towards a tower .  Warner Brothers dropped plans to make a movie and TV mini-series in 2012 .
Motaz Zaid , 20 , was with a friend in Parsons Green , south west London , on Friday .  His friend said pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools .  Mr Zaid was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off .  The friend , 19 , was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal .  He was found dumped a few
87-year-old woman caused disturbance on flight from Germany to Toronto .  Pensioner was travelling in First Class on board the Boeing 777-300 jet .  She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until plane was forced into landing .  She was met by Irish police and taken into custody at Shannon Airport .
University of Kentucky defeated 71-64 by University of Wisconsin in NCAA Final Four semi-final Saturday night .  More than a thousand fans gathered near school 's Lexington campus to celebrate the loss .  Police arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .  Three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries .  Wisconsin will now face Duke in Monday 's NCAA final , their first
Michelle Mone paid # 780,700 for the three-bedroom townhouse in Glasgow .  She split from husband Michael in December 2011 and put it on the market in 2013 .  The self-made multi-millionaire is understood to be buying the property .  It is understood she will now move back into the five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall , Lanarkshire .  Ms Mone , who also has a # 2million flat in Mayfair ,
Explosion at Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou , Fujian province on Monday night .  It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to extinguish the blaze .  The plant produces paraxylene , or PX , a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics .  Exposure to the chemical can cause eye , nose and throat irritation .  It is the second accident in 20 months at the controversial plant .
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick in Celtic 's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Wednesday night .  Celtic boss Ronny Deila and assistant John Collins did not hold back in dealing with the gifted but wild natural talent .  The 24-year-old force of nature has been nothing short of remarkable .  ` I have knuckled down and proved him wrong , proved JC wrong and shown that I deserve to be here
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix , been on pole at the last four , and holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers ` standings .  After winning the Bahrain Grand Prix , Hamilton stood on top of his Mercedes and pretended to smack a baseball out of the circuit .  ` I know I feel very powerful in this car with the package we
Edward Snowden revealed he did not read all the top-secret documents he leaked .  The former US spy squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files .  He also admitted there had been a ` f * * * - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda .  Snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were
Lee Garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with Rock Hudson .  The actor says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay .  He says he would sneak over to the actor 's house after work , and leave first thing in the morning .  This lasted for three years ,
Josh Kerr was surfing the notorious ` Box ' at Margaret River 's main break .  The 31-year-old put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break , emerging bruised and beaten .  Adam Melling , Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break .  ` The Box ' is renowned for a challenging shallow surf break directly
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 at the Martinez Valero Stadium on Monday night .  Striker Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season .  Mario Pasalic , on loan from Chelsea , went close to doubling Elche 's advantage in the second half .  The 20-year-old Croatian fired wide from the edge of the area .  The defeat leaves David Moyes ` side in 12th place while Elche move six
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data .  It found that the French are the most loved-up , sending more hearts than any other region .  Australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emo Ji .  Happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , making up 45 per cent of all
Chelsea captain John Terry led Jose Mourinho 's side to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal .  Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League .  Terry has been almost as influential as Eden Hazard , says Terry .  Chelsea need just six points to claim their first Premier League title since 2010 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Athletic Bilbao drew 1-1 with Valencia at San Mames Stadium .  Substitute Rodrigo De Paul had given Valencia the lead .  Getafe beat Elche 1-0 with Fredy Hinestroza scoring the only goal .  Espanyol extended Villarreal 's winless streak to six games .
Mitzi Neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry 's paired exchange program .  When she received the kidney March 26 , the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from San Diego to Boston who have loved ones in need .  On the day of Neyen 's transplant , eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through
Lawrence Phillips is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend .  He is suspected of killing Damion Soward , a 37-year-old inmate from San Bernardino County .  Soward was found lifeless in the cell he shared with Phillips , 39 .  Prison officials said they suspect a second inmate of killing his cellmate .
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire .  The 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child .  He will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month .
Gary Ballance scored his fourth Test century in only his ninth match .  Alastair Cook set West Indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions .  West Indies finished on 98 for two , still a massive 340 short of recreating Antiguan Test history .  Chris Jordan caught Joe Root 's off-spin in the second over .  West Indies were bowled out for 90 at the Sir Vivian
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio , California , costs an average of # 187 per day .  The likes of Alessandra Ambrosio and Brooklyn Beckham pay the highest-priced admission -LRB- # 252 -RRB- , beer -LRB- # 5.73 -RRB- and meal costs -LRB- # 9 -RRB- .  Tomorrowland , which features club superstars Carl Cox , David Guetta and Avicii , costs its visitors # 186
Jason Lee , 38 , a former Goldman Sachs managing director , was arrested in August 2013 .  Allegedly raped a 20-year-old Irish student at his home in Wainscott , New York .  Woman , then 20 , said Lee undressed , forced his way into bathroom and pinned her to the floor .  Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail .  Lawyer who represented
Jasper and Jasmine were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 .  They were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind .  After six months of rehabilitation , they were found a loving new home .  The couple decided to ` wed ' their new pups in an effort to raise money for the organisation that helped save them .  The wedding will be held
Joshua Finbow , 23 , Craig Stoner , 24 , Simon Radford , 31 , and Darren Smalley , 35 , are being held by military police .  Men were taking part in a Royal Navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia .  Allegedly attacked a 21-year-old woman at Shearwater naval base near Halifax .  Alleged attack took place at the base on April 10 when alleged offence took place
Chelsea face Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road on Sunday .  Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are both one booking away from suspension .  Jose Mourinho will not be drawn against John Terry 's return .
John Brynarsky 's son Chris , a custom paint job expert , was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County , North Carolina .  When he was shot , he fell over a bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it .  His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car , but
Alice Liveing , from Gerrards Cross , Buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago .  She started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram , which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body .  She said : ` I found a way of exercising that I loved which I think is so important , and I have LDN Muscle to
Brian and Joan Ogden , from Wigan , had been out to eat in Benidorm .  They were on their way back into the Hotel Don Pancho when they fell victim to pickpockets .  Thief in purple top reached into Mr Ogden 's pocket while accomplice stood between them .  Mrs Ogden , 78 , followed the crooks out of the hotel and asked for the wallet back .  Mr
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich after eight minutes .  But Bruno Ecuele Manga equalised for Cardiff in the 29th minute .  Cole Skuse made it 2-1 in the first half .  Daryl Murphy wraps up the win for Ipswich with a third goal in the 90th minute .  Eoin Doyle had given Cardiff the lead in the 13th minute .  Scott Malone doubled the visitors ` lead five
Sarah Weatherill , 31 , was so addicted to Red Bull she drank 24 cans a day .  She became lethargic , depressed , had heart palpitations and was constantly anxious .  Her habit was at its worst when she was studying for a law degree .  She was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure .  Her # 105-a-week habit spiralled out of control
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters .  Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney 's west about 11pm on Wednesday .  Firefighters , paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg .  It took 15 firefighters , ambulance and the police to get him out
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday .  Neymar , Dani Alves and Adriano all started for Barcelona .  Jeremy Mathieu scored the winning goal after 73 minutes .
Lib Dem leader 's wife Miriam hit the campaign trail on her own today .  Mr Clegg said party 's MPs ` deserve ' to be re-elected in May .  He said country above party for five years ` at great personal cost ' at ` great cost '  Miriam met Home Office minister Lynne Featherstone in Hornsey and Wood Green .  Pair were filming short film examining girls and
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday .  Tim Sherwood wants to wipe any smile from Raheem Sterling 's face .  The 20-year-old has been pictured smoking shisha pipes and taking so-called ` hippy crack ' through a balloon .  Sherwood tried to sign Sterling for Tottenham Hotpur 's academy as a schoolboy .  The Aston Villa boss has been a fan of the
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3 , 6-1 by Lauren Davis in the second round of the Family Circle Cup in Charleston on Wednesday .  The world No 7 had lost her only career meeting with the Canadian .  Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match .  Davis , ranked 66th in the world , said : ` I ' ve never beaten here before , so
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration .  Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29 .  The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour .
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin .  The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side .  The former England bowler is only looking up as a football coach .
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto .  The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013 .  Muto will join Vitesse Arnhem on loan if he completes a move this summer .  Chelsea president Naoki Ogane claims the Blues have made a bid .  Muto graduated from Keio University in Tokyo with an economics degree .  Muto admits it is an ` honour '
Phoenix Keating , Alice McCall , Zhivago and Khim Hangall took to the catwalk at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia .  Sydney-based designer , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers .  The collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence-an obvious nod to his cultural background .  Hang
Hitler 's personal photographer Heinrich Hoffmann took many of the black and white photos .  But they ended up in the Hitler fanzine-Deutschland Erwache -LRB- Germany Awaken -RRB- .  They were published by his fervent henchman Baldur von Shirach in 1925 .  He described the mass-murdering monster as ` honest , steadfast and modest '  He said : ` We who have had the privilege of being able to work
Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans .  His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles , where he 's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman .  Until his indictment Wednesday , Durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final on Monday .  Jason Wilcox wants to emulate Manchester United 's ` Class of 92 '  The former Blackburn winger wants to deliver local players to the first team .  ` We do n't want local lads playing for Tottenham , Arsenal or Chelsea , ' he said .  City 's new Etihad Campus will stand club
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix in 2004 .  There was still two months to go before the inaugural Bahrain Grand Prix , which was won by Michael Schumacher in front of Ferrari team-mate Rubens Barrichello , Williams ` Ralf Schumacher and the BAR duo of Takuma Sato and Jenson Button in 2004 .  The in-field has had
Oscar-winning actress , 69 , says she was in her prime age-wise in ` unfortunate ' 1970s .  Says it was a ` horrible ' time for women and was worse than the 1940s or 1950s .  Claims revelations about celebrities from that era were ` perilous ' for women .  Revealed that she was inspired by Badgley Mischka dress at premiere of The Woman in Gold .  Dress is
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler 's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday .  The film is a spoof of The Magnificent Seven that stars and was written by Sandler .  Navajo Nation tribal member Loren Anthony said the script was offensive to Native American women .
Megan Huntsman , 40 , pleaded guilty to strangling six newborns to death .  One of the babies was stillborn-Huntsman strangled the rest .  Her estranged husband found the bodies in her garage in Pleasant Grove , Utah , in April last year .  He told the court that the woman who committed the crimes was ` not my Megan '  Huntsman has been given six terms of five years
New Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45million passengers a year .  Renown British-Iraqi architect , Zaha Hadid , has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept .  All the passenger pathways will convene in a central multi-layered courtyard , which will be a meeting place for passengers who have travelled from around the globe .
Arlette Ricci , 74 , was ` particularly determined ' to stash money in Swiss accounts .  She denied hiding the equivalent of more than # 15million , saying she had simply tried to avoid tax -- which is legal -- rather than evade it , which is not .  She boasted that she changed banks and spent the hidden funds on buying a chalet .  Judge said : `
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse Scott working on his car .  While she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack-crushing his chest .  He spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home .
Lisa McElroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line ` Great article on writing briefs ' on March 31 .  She said she was ` mortified ' and ` in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done , she wrote in a column for the Washington Post .  The legal writing professor , who earned a
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern accused of murdering David Alderson .  The 72-year-old was found dead at Wheal Maid mine in Devon in January last year .  Police originally thought he died from falling from his bike because he was in lycra .  But Kevern and Cooper lured him to a disused mine and killed him .  They then used his stolen keys to steal # 40,000 from a safe
The PFA has announced its Women 's Player of the Year nominees .  Eniola Aluko , Lucy Bronze , Karen Carney , Jess Clarke , Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist .  Chelsea and England forward Aluka has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season .  Birmingham City forward Carney was the first woman to be inducted into the club 's Hall
Rita Ora , 24 , has been unveiled as face of Rimmel 's colourful beauty campaign .  The best-selling singer , actress , fashion designer , beauty buff and one of the world 's best connected stars .  Recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range for the beauty giant .  Rita partied with fashion 's finest at Tommy Hilfiger 's new store opening and dinner party in Paris , France ,
Elena Curtin of Portland , Oregon , was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014 .  She was set to go to trial in Multnomah County Circuit Court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because she was ` completely justified in her outrage '  The 23-year-old
Micky Adams was fired by Tranmere , who are bottom of the Football League , on Sunday .  The trend is set to smash its previous record of 46 , set in 2006-07 .  Malky Mackay , fired by Wigan this month , was the 17th Championship manager to be sacked this season .  Arsene Wenger remains the longest serving manager with more than 18 years at Arsenal .  Paul
David de Gea has been offered # 200,000-a-week to stay at Manchester United .  Fears are growing that De Gea will return to Spain to join Real Madrid .  There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain .  Louis van Gaal has admitted that the club have offered him ` a lot of money '  United would demand # 30m if Real try to sign him
A man stormed the runway at Kym Ellery 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night .  The man , understood to be a neighbour of the Sydney venue , made a public complaint about the music .  He was overheard to tell security that the music was a ` disgrace ' and that show organisers had ` no respect for the local community .
Nigel Farage said he would not give up trying to pull Britain out of EU .  Said he would accept the result , but rejected claims his party would become ` redundant '  Ukip leader 's comments come after David Cameron , Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power .  Mr Farage even claimed the party could enjoy
Marilyn Zuniga allowed her students to write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal .  The 60-year-old was serving a life sentence for killing Daniel Faulkner in 1981 .  He shot dead police officer in the back and then in between the eyes .  He was originally sentenced to death for the killing , but this was overturned in 2012 .  But the official reason the killer was hospitalized has not been released
The Variety Theater in Cleveland , Ohio , was once the edgiest place in town , attracting the word 's biggest bands to its iconic stage .  But in 1984 heavy metal band Motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down .  The 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of Metallica , the Dead Kennedy 's and R.E. . M . before
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen , 68 , died just days after catching a deadly infection .  She had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton .  Several hospital rooms , including Eileen 's , were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook , California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender .  The 16-year-old described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last November , saying : ` I ' ve lost tons of friends , tons . And it 's been hell . I go to school every day , and I get my
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal 's side have won four on the spin in which Angel di Maria has not started .  Juan Mata could return to haunt his former club after being pushed out .  Didier Drogba gave Chelsea the lead at Old Trafford in their previous clash .  Robin van Persie rescued a draw with an injury time equaliser
Marouane Fellaini was substituted in a 3-0 defeat to Manchester City on March 25 last year .  The Belgian was jeered by both United and City fans as he was substituted .  Louis van Gaal has been impressed with the midfielder 's ability in defence and attack .  He has allowed him to play 4-3-3 with Ashley Young and Juan Mata either side of the centre-forward .  United have won
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this season .  But the Italian coach says he is not obsessed with his rivals .  Gareth Bale is not 100 percent fit and will not play because we have everyone available `  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China .  Her mother , named only as Ms Li , said : ` We left after our baby girl fell asleep . Who knew this would happen ? '  Qingqing 's right side of her face had been shredded and her eyelid torn off .  She was carried to a local clinic but her injuries were too severe
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes .  Scholes scored 107 goals in 499 games for Manchester United .  Herrera said : ` There will never be another Scholes . He was a one off '
Kimi Raikkonen 's contract at Ferrari expires at the end of the current Formula One season .  There is an option for 2016 if both parties are in agreement .  The Finn stated this week he has never been happier working with a team in his entire F1 career .
Arman Nejad , 23 , dragged the girl into his house in Moss Side , Manchester .  The girl , now 18 , eventually went to police in February 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case .  Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved .  Today Greater Manchester Police admitted ` unacceptable delays
The Mail 's revelations sparked outrage with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry .  The head of the Royal College of Nursing said nurses who had faced pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses .  Patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures .  Health Secretary Jeremy
Fast-casual chain Chipotle says that it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat for its carnitas burritos .  The restaurant has been rotating its small supply of pork , of which it uses only pork shoulder , to different stores so that each location can have Carnitas at least sometimes .  Fewer than five per cent of pigs
Kalimah Dixon said she was woken by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning .  She was lucky to get her children , aged one to 14 , out safely .  But all that was left of the Decatur condo was a pile of rubble .  Dixon was renting the condo in the last four years , she had quit working to enroll full time in
Russian-Ukrainian film about sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko aims to be a hit in both nations .  Titled ` Battle for Sevastopol ' in Russia but ` Indestructible ' across border in Ukraine .  It is about female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops .  The $ 5million -LRB- # 3m -RRB- movie was launched last week with gala premieres in Moscow and Kiev .  It is a co-production
Dame Barbara Hakin , national director of commissioning operations for NHS England , is facing the threat of a new inquiry into claims she put patient safety at risk in a drive to meet targets .  She was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients .  She was investigated by the General Medical Council , which concluded that there was
Sofia Davila , 21 , posted raunchy pictures of herself on Facebook .  She then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network .  After meeting her victims , she would spike their drinks and rob their homes .  When they did she would then runsack their homes after they fell unconscious .  She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders
The Beautification robot was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer .  It is composed of three components : a lipstick wheel , an eyeliner applicator , and a mask which illuminates when the ` beautification ' is complete .  A mask threaded with LEDs lights up in the corresponding part of the female face .  The robot smears the eyeliner directly into a unsuspecting girl 's eye
Hibernian stand to make # 1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and the 11th place club in the Premiership-currently Motherwell .  Under recently passed SPFL rules , play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-offs profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days .  Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell for a resolution to slash the profits levied
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after escaping from his crate .  The two-year-old grey tabby was tied down to a metal pallet and cracked open .  Owner Jennifer Stewart , 31 , and her husband , Joseph Naaman , 34 , said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly that he was able to get out and run away .  A cargo manager called
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Gianluigi Buffon made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal .  The 37-year-old says it would be a waste to quit because he is still playing well .  The Italy international says he will continue playing as long as he is doing well .
Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. . State Department .  Part of it will involve the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments .  In one case a foundation run by the
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final .  Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in his six years as a manager .  The former Barcelona boss got Messi on side in 2008 after standing up for him in battle to play for Argentina at the Beijing Olympics .  But he stuck up for the young Argentinian in his battle with the club
Arsenal signed Calum Chambers from Southampton for # 16million last summer .  The 20-year-old has made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season .  Chambers has established himself as a first team regular at the Emirates .  Arsenal are second in the Premier League after a run of form .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Celine Bisette says she is neither ` damaged ' nor ` deranged ' - that , in fact , she rather enjoys being a prostitute .  She says that it 's only the social stigma surrounding her career choice that leaves her feeling unhappy .  ` I am embarrassed to be a sex worker , even though I like my job , I ' m good at it , and
Bristol City drew 1-1 with Preston North End on Saturday .  Steve Cotterill 's side will become the first club to win promotion this season .  Preston remain in pole position to join them in the second tier .  Simon Grayson has warned his players not to get carried away .
Swansea have made a contract offer to Marseille striker Andre Ayew .  The 25-year-old is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs .  Swansea are keeping track of Schalke 's Christian Fuchs as a replacement for Neil Taylor .
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in their Premiership clash on Friday night .  James Forrest and Stefan Johansen scored for the Hoops .  Manager Ronny Deila was impressed with his side 's performance .  But he said the state of the pitch in Scotland was ` terrible '  Deila said Scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches .  He
Surrey cricket director Alec Stewart is keen to hear more about the new role .  The Surrey director of cricket insists his focus is on his role at The Oval .  Stewart 's fellow former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the role .
Education spokesman Paul Nuttall posed in party 's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses .  He was holding a book called ` British Rebels and Reformers ' - a picture book .  The hardback hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book .  MEP later took to Twitter to joke about the allegations , insisting he just had ` two copies of every book '  Row capped day of
Society with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity , according to a study by the National Evolutionary Synthesis Centre -LRB- Nescent -RRB- in Durham , North Carolina .  Study suggests that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats .  Communitys that believe in a high , controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code tend to live in politically
Sir Nick Faldo has confirmed he will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course .  The three-time Open champion has also lifted the Claret Jug at Muirfield in 1987 and 1992 .  Faldo will be joined by the likes of Tiger Woods , Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson in the Champion Golfers ` Challenge on July 15 .
Leila Alavi , 26 , was found ` stabbed to death ' in her car in Sydney 's west .  She had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband , 33-year-old Mokthar Hosseiniamraei .  Ms Alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead .  Her sister Mitra Alavi said she was on a desperate mission to find a women 's refuge to escape
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension with Saracens .  The 31-year-old was the hero of Saracens ` European Champions Cup quarter-final victory over Racing Metro .  Bosch joined Saracens from Biarritz in 2013 .
Police have arrested a 39-year-old man and a woman following a drug bust in Katherine .  The pair were travelling along the Stuart Highway in Katherine , 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin .  Police found approximately 20 kilograms of the depressant drug Kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis .  The pair will appear in Katherine Magistrates Court on Monday .  The man was further
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit .  His chef reveals he gets a lot of his energy from eating sweets on ` snack day '  ` Chef Q ' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $ 321.43 -LRB- around # 220 -RRB- .  She also spends $ 300 on peanut M & M s and fizzy drinks .
Hollie Tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend in Basildon , Essex , when she suddenly collapsed .  Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped .  Two off-duty police officers , believed to be from the Met Police , rushed to her side and gave Hollie life-saving CPR until an ambulance arrived .  She was then rushed to
Cameron Hooker , 61 , kept a hitchhiker as sex slave for seven years .  Colleen Stan was known as ` the Girl in the Box ' after her ordeal .  She was starved , whipped and burned by Hooker , a 23-year-old lumber mill worker .  He would tie her to the ceiling by her wrists or leave her for days with a 20-pound hinged wooden box around her
James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble .  It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang .  JWST 's main mirror will be 21ft -LRB- 6.5 metres -RRB- in diameter , three times as large as Hubble 's .
A man from Mittagong has struck gold after scoring a massive $ 20 million lottery win .  The winning punter , who comes from southern New South Wales , discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening .  He said he and his wife had been ` struggling ' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result .  The winning Oz Lotto entry was purchased from
Mother-of-three Julia Van Herck , 42 , from Fulham , ballooned to 23 stone .  She would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas .  Suffered post-natal depression amid fears her husband would leave her .  Was taken to Charing Cross Hospital with antibiotics and developed thrush .  In October 2012 she was rushed to hospital with pneumonia .  She underwent weight loss surgery while in hospital .  Now
Ben Morgan broke his left leg playing against Saracens in January .  The Gloucester No 8 has not played since and is hopeful of playing for England at the forthcoming World Cup .  Morgan last played for England when he scored two tries in November .  Injury struck and he missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign as a result .  The 26-year-old recently underwent final surgery to remove a
The doll , nicknamed Ba Di Doll , has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China 's Nanjing city .  Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex .
In an essay published on xoJane , Amanda Richards hit out at plus-size retailer Lane Bryant 's new I ` m No Angel lingerie campaign , which was widely perceived to have been a blatant critique of popular Victoria 's Secret .  The blogger says the ads do n't actually show women of all sizes , but rather a subset of overweight women who still have ` correct ' proportions
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday .  Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan .  Jose Mourinho refused to be drawn into the controversy .  The Blues extended their lead over Arsenal to seven points with a game in hand .  Cesc Fabregas ` low strike , the first shot on target , was enough to secure the
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead in the F1 drivers ` standings .  Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was accused of being ` selfish ' by Hamilton .  The German was absolved of any blame by both Wolff and Niki Lauda .  The pair were forced to tackle head on the tension that rose in China on Sunday .  Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of
Mark Gentle , from Farmington , Maine , posted a photo of his seven-year-old son Carter 's open-heart surgery scars on Facebook after he found his son crying .  Carter , who has a congenital heart defect , has had an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker .  His most recent surgery was an emergency surgery to replace his heart .  The father-of-three hoped to boost his son 's confidence
Ian Merrett , 28 , wolf-whistled Poppy Smart , 23 , every day for a month .  The builder and his colleagues whistled at her as she passed their construction site .  Miss Smart , a marketing co-ordinator , compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination .  She eventually filmed them and asked West Mercia Police to investigate alleged sexual harassment .  Mr Merritt admits it was probably him whistling but
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook , Android , iOS and on desktop browsers .  Scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is ` lower than average ' , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great .  Players get a point for every correct square identified , but if
Qasr al-Farid or ` The Lonely Castle ' is a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement in the north Saudi Arabian desert .  The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs , which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada ` in Saleh .  It is famous for standing completely alone , hinting it was intended for someone of great power .  Unesco
Susan Monica , 66 , was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering Stephen Delicino , 59 , and Robert Haney , 56 , on her 20-acre farm in southern Oregon .  She was sentenced to life in prison , with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years .  Prosecutors said she killed the two men over a one-year period in 2012 and 2013 .  She also claimed
The new ` Skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County , southwest China .  It has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .  Work on the # 3.7 million structure started in March last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day .
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia wrapped up on Thursday night in Sydney .  FEMAIL took a look back at the fashion trends we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes .  Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including Toni Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo .  A key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling-both
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command .  Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk .  But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .
An ` unprecedented ' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China .  Eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014-a crime punishable by death .  One of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China-Sydney man Peter Gardner-had his case pushed forward by six months .  The DFAT briefing was obtained under freedom of information laws .  It
Binh Wagner , 3 , and her identical twin Phuoc Wagner of Kingston , Ontario were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome .  Their adoptive father Michael chose Binh to receive his liver , which was a perfect match .  Binh 's father Johanne Wagner and his wife Johanne found out that both girls would need a liver transplant , they were relieved to find out
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have returned to Kensington Palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby , MailOnline can reveal today .  William has finished his air ambulance pilot training ` earlier than expected '  He will not be required to embark on the final stage of his training until June 1 .  Prince Harry will be back in the UK to watch the London
Julie McKenzie , 53 , from Bushey , Herts , developed back pain in 2013 .  She was told by her GP that her back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine .  A month after seeing her GP , and feeling increasingly desperate , she used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon , Robert Lee .  The consultant ordered an MRI scan ,
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow in his final race meeting in Ireland .  McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday 's Crabbie 's Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor .  Trainer Paul Webber has identified a reason why the 10-year-old pulled up quickly at Kempton on his latest run .
Clarke Carlisle says he has ` moved out of the marital home ' in Yorkshire .  The 35-year-old stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the A64 near York in December .  He suffered cuts , bruises , internal bleeding , a broken rib and a shattered left knee .  The incident has left the ex-Burnley defender with scars all over his body .  Mr Carlisle , who played
Darren Bent scored from the penalty spot to give Derby County a 2-2 draw at the iPro Stadium .  Odion Ighalo equalised for the hosts with 15 minutes to go .  Tom Ince was sent off for a challenge on Chris Martin in the first half .  Chris Martin made it 2-1 with his first appearance for Steve McClaren 's side .  Steve Vydra made it 3-1 in the 57th
Demetri Nelson , 27 , still had his victim 's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday , several hours after the kidnapping attempt .  Nelson allegedly broke into a River Birch Drive home where the victim lives and told the woman to take him to a Manning Avenue home , where he then told her to get into the trunk of the car .  Nelson could n't
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba .  The 22-year-old Romanian has earned himself a call up for Romania .  Tim Sherwood is looking at the attacking duo of Andone and Bakary Sako .
Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A , K and E , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids , which can help , strengthen hair .  The oil can also help fight off acne , beat scarring and maintain skin renewal .  Experts say it 's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil .  The oil is thought to help enhance your mood , renew skin
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica , Los Angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst .  For a short moment he scrapes along the floor on his stomach .  Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain .  The filmer later wrote on the video-sharing site NewsFlare that the
The two-legged piglet was born with its back legs missing .  It has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters .  Since its birth , villagers have flocked to take a peek at the curious animal .
Leanna Norris , 25 , of Auburn , plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep .  She covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket , a court heard .  The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson , Maine , on June 24,2013 .  Norris admitted killing her daughter to stop her ex-boyfriend , the father of her
Barney Gibson was the youngest first-class cricketer in county history .  The Leeds-born wicketkeeper made his debut in 2011 .  The 19-year-old said it was a ` difficult decision ' to retire at such a young age .
71 % of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know .  Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders ` domestic lives .  Comes as shock to Ed Miliband , David Cameron and Nick Clegg , who have all invited TV cameras into their homes and given their wives prominent campaign roles .  It follows an interview with Mr Milegband and his
Alice Kovach-Suehn , 56 , was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect .  Police say they found the 96-year-old man in her care weighing only 89lbs .  The victim told police he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and ` dog feces '  The victim 's doctors said he looked as if he has emerged from the Auschwitz death camp .  The woman was the senior
If you ca n't wangle living there full-time , then Barcelona must surely be a top contender for the best city break destination .  No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona .  The Hotel Arts is a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel , towering over the beaches and Port Olimpic .  At the foot of the hotel
Marsha Yumi Perry , 36 , was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant after allegedly striking a five-year-old boy with her truck .  Police dog , Ranger , was able to track her scent near the shallow hole she was hiding in before she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself .  Perry hid from officers
Emirates Airline set to seal historic deal with the FA Cup .  Three-year deal would see football 's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup .  The deal would add to the Dubai-based brand 's ever-increasing portfolio of sponsorship .  Here , Sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the famous airline has on the table .
Business leaders have voiced fears over ` disastrous Tory campaign '  They believe negative tactics have done little to discredit Ed Miliband .  They say Cameron 's role in delivering economic growth has become ` background noise '  Comes after more than 100 of Britain 's top business leaders backed Tories ` economic plan .  More than 100 business leaders said Labour government would ` put recovery at risk '
In 1928 , the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April .  It was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented .  It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans .  But just before the dissolution of Parliament last week , Conservative Sir Greg Knight
Jules Bianchi , 25 , remains in a coma after crashing at the Japanese Grand Prix .  Marussia driver suffered a severe head injury after crashing into a recovery vehicle .  His father Philippe has spoken of the pain his family have felt since the accident .  He said : ` He 's fiercely fighting as he always did , before and after the accident '  The 25-year-old is now
Sisonke Msimang , 41 , moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months .  As a journalist and an activist , she has spent years writing on human rights , race relations and government accountability in South Africa .  While protests about Islam infiltrating Australia have dominated the media , Ms Mimang said she started to recognise a systematic approach to ` assimilate ' and
The Women 's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK have revealed strong evidence that HRT increases a woman 's risk of breast , womb and ovarian cancers .
Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to QPR .  The former Tottenham coach believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop .  The 52-year-old worked with Tim Sherwood at Tottenham 's academy .  Rangers have hung their survival hopes on experienced , and often expensive , signings .  Reports suggest that Ramsey could link up with
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he ` had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that 's been kept ` secret ' until today .  Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he ` fled unprovoked after noticing police presence '  Six officers have
Mei Ru , 50 , was going shopping in Fuzhou , south east China , when she parked car .  Husband Song Ming , 53 , climbed out passenger side and went to stand behind car .  CCTV footage shows his wife suddenly reversed , knocking him to ground .  He was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save him but later died .
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from Fiona Stanley Hospital , in southwest Perth , reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety .  The $ 2 billion hospital was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments .  The hospital went on ` baby bypass ' when the maternity unit opened four months ago , due to an unexpectedly high
Residents in Alderholt , Dorset , woke on Sunday to find an Easter egg .  Rob Wood , 67 , said : ` Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware '  Residents described the deed as ` a wonderful act of random kindness '
Council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas at the Pizza Plus Fried Chicken business in Gillingham , Kent .  Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha , 36 , admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations at Medway Magistrates ` Court .  He was fined # 14,500 and ordered to pay # 2,793 in costs .
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen , Scotland , competing against his older brother , Cody .  But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it .  ` It 's broken , ' he exclaims as he surveys the mess below him .  The mishap was captured on camera by his father , Luke , who later posted it online
Nicole McDonough , 32 , of Mount Olive , New Jersey , was indicted last month on charges of having sex with an 18-year-old student and engaged in improper relationships with two other students .  She has now applied for a Pre-Trial Intervention program , which provides first-time , non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution .  If she is allowed to enter the PTI , she may have to
Anthony Bethell , 74 , and St John 's College , Oxford , locked in battle over scrubby bushes .  Dispute began when he decided he would pay for work to restore 180-yard hedge .  The hedge , which dates back to 1686 , divides Mr Bethell 's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres .  Crown court judge said the bushes are quickly becoming ` the most expensive hedge in Warwickshire
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya in January last year .  She beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days .  She hid his body in suitcase and dumped it in woods near Kirkcaldy , Fife .  Nine Fife council workers allegedly accessed confidential social work files .
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz , Poland .  The cat first fell sick as a two-month-old kitten .  He was rescued by the shelter in October after contracting an inflamed respiratory tract infection .  After recovering he is now nursing abandoned sick animals back to health .  His owner , vet Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich , adopted him as a permanent member of the animal
Lord Uxbridge commanded 13,000 Allied cavalry and 44 guns of horse artillery at the Battle of Waterloo .  The 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to the aristocrat , who was by then Marquess of Anglesey , in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin .  The top has a finely embossed coat of arms with a frame of rocaille shells and foliage around it and the base has another coat
David Villa posted a picture on Instagram of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York .  New York City are currently two points behind city rivals the New York Red Bulls .  Frank Lampard 's arrival at the end of the Premier League season will be a major boost .  New York 's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11 .
The tiny nipper-measuring just 5.5 inches long-was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it .  This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark-a miniature variation of the more popular kinds .  The young male is the second of its species ever seen .  The first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the Pacific Ocean
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania .  He struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch .
Frances Clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini in Barbados .  The 53-year-old has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband Jeremy Clarkson .  She accessorised her look with a Help For Heroes wristband and swept her sun-bleached hair up into a butterfly clip .  Frances and Jeremy , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years
Gordon Robson , 26 , killed grandfather John Potts , 45 , with a single punch .  Robson had been drinking at the bar after his grandfather 's funeral .  He had been a pallbearer at a bar in Washington , Tyne and Wear .  Fighting broke out after the bar closed , and Mr Potts stepped in to stop it .  Robson , who has a history of violent
SNP leader says she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10 .  Sturgeon was swamped with requests for selfies after victory in last week 's debate .  Polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7 .  SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election .
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force .  He will spend four weeks with some of the country 's elite soldiers in Darwin , Perth and Sydney .  Captain Wales , as he is known in the British Army , will fall in with elite soldiers at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises .  Harry will
Jay Liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno .  His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers , 20 , her partner Liam Timbrell , 23 , their baby Charlie , 15 months , their nephew Bailey , four , and niece Skye , two , were trapped and perished .  Jobless alcoholic Melanie Smith , 45 , was jailed for life for murdering the
Luca Railton , 11 , was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia .  Condition affects just one in three million people and affects just 1 in 3 million .  Doctors said he would have his right leg amputated or fused straight .  But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects , which would have left him severely disabled .  Instead
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che .  Two of the three clips shown were of Che 's castmate , Jay Pharoah .  Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the mistake , admitting ` we stuffed up ' later on during the program .  The mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users .  The pair are in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America .  It is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds .
Tutti Rouge 's Jessica is a first on the larger bra market .  Features removable cookies -LRB- light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra -RRB- .  Ashley James , who starred in Made In Chelsea , models the bold collection .  The Jessica comes in a range of sizes , from a 28D right through to a 38HH .
Nathan Brown , 19 , was working with his father David , an experienced electrician .  He apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane .  The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block .  He was airlifted to hospital but later died of his injuries .  Forensic pathologist found burn marks consistent with electrocution on Nathan 's arm
Valerie Rutty , 60 , altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned .  Then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account .  She stole almost # 3,500 from the fund raised by parents , teachers and pupils .  It was raised over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School .  Cash was collected by children through non-uniform days
Aberash Bekele , 32 , is angry at the makers of Difret for using her story without her knowledge or consent .  She believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals .  She was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage .  She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors .  While she was released by the
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday .  Kawhi Leonard scored 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals .  The Spurs extended their home winning streak over Golden State to 32 straight .  LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland .  Paul George returned from injury for Indiana as they beat Miami 112-89 .  James Harden scored 41 points for the
Stéphane Charbonnier , known as Charb , finished just two days before being murdered .  He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons were ` ridiculous demagogues '  He argues that some intellectuals who condemned the drawings were merely attention-seekers .  Charb asks why Islamophobia , which technically means ` fear of Islam ' , is being used by activists , media and politicians to denounce hatred of Muslims
Anna James , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` Obby ' Oss celebrations .  She claims the rituals are part of her ` religion , culture and heritage '  Mrs James , who moved from Padstow to St Austell , Cornwall , eight years ago , said : ` I think it 's ridiculous that I ' m being
Cle ` Bone ' Sloan , 45 , was crushed under the wheels of Suge Knight 's pickup truck in January .  Knight is accused of murdering Terry Carter , 55 , and trying to murder Sloan .  Sloan claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt .  Knight , who is diabetic and has previously collapsed in trial hearings , is being held on
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager .  The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton .  Current boss Mark Warburton is to leave the club next summer .  Zola was sacked by Cagliari last month after a winless spell in Serie A .
The cocktail sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham , Sussex .  They were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog .  The grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in Brighton and Hove .
The second-ranked USC women 's tennis team beat the women of the University of California-Los Angeles by a score of 4-3 .  In celebrating their big victory , they smashed and broke the trophy .  USC now finishes the season 21-2 while UCLA is 18-4 .  Both teams will now compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday .
Elizabeth Dawes , 39 , was told she had breast cancer in July 2013 .  Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy .  But four days later she was told staff had confused her notes with those of other patients , and she 'd never had the disease .  The mother-of-one was also told she would need a further procedure to correct
The man , wearing an orange high-vis jacket , could be seen leaning out door of van .  Vauxhall Vivaro van hurtled down outside lane of M40 near Oxford .  He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with colleagues inside the van .  Claims he was only doing it because he was n't feeling unwell and needed fresh air .  Incident , which police are investigating , went on
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo .  Gerard Pique made an incredible , game-saving tackle on Celta striker Charles , to prevent him from opening the scoring .  Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets in El Clasico .  Lionel Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez have all scored for Barcelona this
Tavon Watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 Lamborghini into a guardrail , killing 35-year-old race track employee Gary Terry .  Investigators say Terry tried to grab the wheel and ` counter steer ' the out-of-control car in the moments before the fatal wreck .  Watson and Terry were wearing helmets and lap
Ethel Rider , 87 , suffered a broken pelvis and was left ` cowering ' in pain .  Carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed .  Because she is mute , Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened .  Carers Susan Logan , 59 , and Lauren Gillies , 25 , lied about what happened .  Mrs Rider , who has
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday .  Christian Benteke scored the winning goal on the 35th minute .  Tim Sherwood celebrated in a subdued manner on the touchline .  Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans ` dismay at the end of the game .  Sherwood did not resist a lively celebration when the final whistle confirmed the victory .  He told someone
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United .  The Uruguayan has n't scored as many goals as he should have done in the French league .  The 28-year-old has played 32 times in domestic competitions this season .  PSG lost 2-0 to Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday night .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday .  Newcastle have lost a fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby and have now won just twice in 2015 .  Carver says close-season recruitment will focus on mental attributes as much as physical .
Researchers in Tokyo found that rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain -- an observation in previous studies .  The researchers wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction , or to communicate their discomfort to others .  They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal 's faces and use the
Dangelo Conner , from Brooklyn , filmed himself messing around with the powerful stun gun .  First waved it around , then sending volts coursing through a Coke can .  But his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet he was holding .  Since posting the footage on Facebook the video has gone viral , being viewed more than 17million times .
Gul Ahmad Saeed , 25 , is accused of killing his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings .  He is alleged to have gone on a killing spree after becoming angry with people obstructing his wedding plans .  He is said to have been outraged over her uncle 's dithering over the marriage .  Saeed has been on the run ever since , but returned to his
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League on Tuesday .  Tim Sherwood labelled the game the club 's ` biggest game ' for years .  The Villa boss said he does not have the players to grind out results .  Sherwood faces former Tottenham assistant , QPR boss Chris Ramsey , for the first time since they both left Spurs last summer .  Sherwood hinted that if
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final .  Thiago Silva wants PSG to impose their style of play on Barcelona .  The Brazil defender says Luis Suarez , Neymar and Lionel Messi are the best players in the world .
Marie Muldoon won this year 's competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse , titled True Love .  Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric .  The winner of the ` Industry at work or play ' category goes to Jacynta Coffey for her stunning shot titled Sunrise Draft .  Lastly , the ` NT landscape '
Chlorine gas-carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions -- sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22,1915 .  Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack .  On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .  Commanders had already been waiting 10 days for favourable winds
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a low shot past David de Gea at Stamford Bridge .  Hazard 's low shot squirms past David De Gea as Chris Smalling and Paddy McNair watch on helplessly .  Hazard scored his 13th Premier League goal of the season as he celebrated with Didier Drogba in front of a section of home fans .  Jose Mourinho 's side have now won
The Planetary Society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033 .  It concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA 's human space exploration budget-but that politics is holding the decision back .  Crewmembers would be able to study the moon 's surface and potentially teleoperate rovers on the Martian surface .  The current plan would use an
Kellie Maloney says Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Miliband and Sturgeon out of power .  Former boxing promoter , formerly known as Frank , stood as party 's candidate for London Mayor in 2004 .  She caused controversy by claiming there were ` too many gays ' in Camden .  She apologised for the homophobic remarks when she addressed spring conference .  She said : ` If we
Manchester United host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday .  Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the derby .  The England captain scored a spectacular overhead kick in 2011 .  Craig Bellamy scored a late equaliser for the visitors at Old Trafford in 2009 .  Michael Owen scored in the last few seconds to send his side to Wembley .  Carlos Tevez scored a stoppage
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating off the coast of Oregon .  It is thought to be more debris from the 2011 Japanese tsunami .  Scientists expect more debris to hit Alaska and the West Coast of North America for years to come .
Charlotte Roach , 26 , from London , nearly died in a car crash in 2010 .  Her business partner Rosemary Pringle , 28 , dressed up as Simon Cowell .  The pair rated buskers in Trafalgar Square and rode the Tube as lifeguards .  They even pitched to clients in their pyjamas to raise money for London 's Air Ambulance .  Charlotte , co-founder of fitness company Rabble ,
Amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi .  Children living in Pakistan 's slums , often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas , there is often little entertainment offered .  Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to .  fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas .
Eden Hazard is favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award .  Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham .  Kane is the only English player up for the main award , the same number as Diego Costa .  Alexis Sanchez , Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea also up for award .  Sergio Aguero , David De Gea and Raheem Sterling are also
The Kola fireball shared its orbit with asteroid 2014 UR116 last year .  The asteroid is an ordinary H5 chondrite-a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls .  The computer model compared the orbit of Annama , a 1,100 lb -LRB- 500kg -RRB- rock , with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-Earth asteroids .  Vladimir Lipunov , a professor
Ben Stokes was involved in a war of words with West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels .  Samuels , who is 94 not out , said : ` The English boys do n't learn '  The pair clashed repeatedly on the pitch after the first day of the second Test in Grenada .  Samuels said Stokes is ` battling himself ' and that England ` ca n't help ' talking to
William Bird captured the video on Tuesday with a Go Pro 4 .  The 41-year-old said he was ` as close to the action as you could get '
Jason Edward Harrington worked with the government agency for six years .  Claims groping happens every day at security checkpoints across the country .  Says staff of ` bending the rules ' so they can inappropriately touch passengers .  Comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights .  He
Inter Milan have opened talks with Manchester City about Stevan Jovetic .  The Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward .  But City are unwilling to let him leave on a permanent basis .  The former City boss is also keen on a deal for Yaya Toure .
Jenny Wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota , Florida , according to family members .  She was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallendo and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallendas .  Jenny Wallendsa survived the invasion of Berlin by Soviet forces at the end of World War II and returned
Abdul Hadi Arwani , 48 , was found dead in his car on April 7 .  Leslie Cooper , 36 , appeared at the Old Bailey charged with murder .  Burnell Mitchell , 61 , brother of Boney M 's lead singer , arrested this week .  A 53-year-old woman , 53 , also arrested on suspicion of terror offences .  Mr Arweni was an imam at controversial mosque in
Gareth Bale has said he wants to stay at Real Madrid .  But sources in Spain suggest the club could be willing to offload him .  Bale could be sold as they pursue a deal for Borussia Dortmund 's Marco Reus .  Bale signed his record # 86m deal to join Real Madrid from Tottenham two years ago he had a # 75m release clause written in .  Dortmund rate
Ed Miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years .  Labour leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team .  He rejected a string of statistics read out by Evan Davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved .  He also refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the
Patient being tested for suspected rabies at the Royal Victoria Hospital , Belfast .  Public Health Agency confirmed the patient had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease .  Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 .  She contracted the infection while working at an animal sanctuary in South Africa .
Yaphet Kotto said the legendary secret agent role should only be portrayed by a white actor .  Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die .  He argued that a black man could play 003 or 006 , but could not be 007 .  Hackney-born Idris Elba has been tipped as the next James Bond .  Elba is seen as the leading contender to
Nina Moric appeared in the video for Ricky Martin 's hit song La Vida Loco .  The Croatian-born model posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms .  Ms Moric claimed she collapsed at home due to ` low blood pressure '  Italian media claimed she was found by her mother in her Milan apartment .  She told her fans she was ` shocked ' and had no intention to
Photographer Vadym Shevchenko , 34 , captured the moment at Kiev Zoo .  The tortoise casanovca tried to mount the female in the first place .  But the reptile lost its balance when the female moved away .  He had to crawl across the grass of its enclosure before finally getting up .  The amusing moment was caught on camera by Ukranian photographer .  She said : ` I felt
Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United .  The striker has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants .  Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over .  Up next for Real is Almeria at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night .
The 11-year-old retired K-9 officer was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department .  The German Shepherd , who served eight years in the force , took his last ride in a squad car in a heartwarming farewell on Wednesday .  He was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health .  On Wednesday , the police department wrote an emotional
Michael Jacobs opened the scoring for Blackpool in the ninth minute .  Emile Heskey , Neil Danns and Eidur Gudjohnsen equalised in the fifth minute of stoppage time .  Blackpool 's first away victory in 343 days was a 1-1 draw with Bolton .  The Seasiders have not won a game since April 26 when they beat neighbours Wigan .  The bottom-of-the-table side have conceded late goals themselves in recent
Ed Miliband confirmed he will press on with controversial plans to cap rents .  Said rent controls would give millions of ` forgotten ' renters a fairer deal .  Helped those stuck in so-called Generation Rent by soaring house prices , he said .  Housing experts , business and even Labour figures have warned that plans will backfire .  Under the proposals , landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies
Floyd Mayweather holds an open workout for the media on Tuesday night .  The fight will be streamed live across the world from 12am UK -LRB- 7pm EDT -RRB- .
Carphone Warehouse 's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries , including the US , Australia and across Europe .  The firm 's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets .  When iD launches it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of Three with 18 countries
Frank Lampard was pictured walking down King 's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley .  Lampard will join parent club New York City in July after signing two-year deal .  The midfielder has scored seven goals in 32 appearances on loan this season .  Orlando City boss Adrian Heath believes Lampard and Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside .
Simona Trasca , 34 , said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax .  Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu sued the model and presenter .  She was ordered to pay Dr Valcu # 1,500 and take out ads in national newspapers .
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino for his walk-out music when he fights Floyd Mayweather .  The Filipino boxer will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week .  Kimmel 's appreciation of the song appeared tongue in cheek .  After the song went viral Pacman took to Twitter to thank the comedian for singing his song .  The song translates to English as ` I Will
The NFL announced today that Greg Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season .  Hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge last July of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , Nicki Holder .  Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify .  The decision to ban Hardy
Social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses in honour of murder victim Stephanie Scott .  The 26-year-old high school teacher went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years .  Police found a body at Cocoparra National Park , in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night .  Ms Scott 's sister Kim Scott
Steven Allison was uploading pictures of himself in Australia to Facebook .  The 37-year-old had been on the run from the law for a year .  He had been charged with two sexual assaults but failed to appear in court .  Police tracked him down through his boastful Facebook posts .  The sex attacker , who goes by ` Stig ' on Facebook , boasted about his new life in
Economist Vicky Pryce , 62 , has written a book about life in women 's prisons .  Says she 's handled a stellar career-all while raising her five children .  Admits she never baked cakes for her children and would often be late for parties .  Admitted missing her children dreadfully while absent from them with work commitments .  Says it 's not guilt , it is missing them .
Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians began Instagram .  The Australian TV presenter , model and mother of two says she discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago .  She says having a tight Spanx like waist trimmer is key to her figure .
Islamic State militants infiltrated Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus today .  Militants reportedly entered camp from nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood .  The terrorist group already control large swaths of territory in northern Syria .  The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for two years .  U.N. . aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp .
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 at Hillsborough .  Kieran Lee opened the scoring for the Owls with the only goal of the game .  Brentford had a chance to strike back five minutes later .
Karen Sharpe , the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager , defended her son in an interview .  She said that she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of .  This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott 's family , the man her son shot dead .  Ms Sharpe also revealed that her son 's wife , who is
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season .  The Belgian forward is now the player you look to in a crisis .  Hazard 's first-half strike was crucial as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 .  He is the danger man , he draws people to him and creates space for the rest of the team .  What he will need to reach that level is
Hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to U.S. . Rep Mike Doyle 's office on Wednesday causing the Cannon House Office Building to temporarily close down .  A staff member opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police .  The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine was removed at 3 : 37 p . m . on Wednesday .
Jack Rivera , a New York trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday .  Footage shows the driver of a black SUV , identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane .  She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on
Leighton Baines is friends with Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys ` Alex Turner .  The Everton defender admits he does n't know any of One Direction 's hit songs .  Baines also reveals that Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars ` Uptown Funk is regularly played in the Toffees ' dressing room .  Baines says he is not a fan of Meghan Trainor 's song ` All About The Bass '
Bereaved mother , named Dawn , appeared on The Jeremy Kyle show .  Accused long-term chum , convicted burglar Jamie , of making off with the cash .  When a lie detector test revealed Jamie , who lives with Dawn and her partner , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off .  Jamie has been to prison for burglary and has had seven miscarriages .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Robbery took place at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater , Cardiff , police said .  Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect , who is 5ft 9in to 6ft .  The white male suspect has greying black hair and wore glasses .
Jean-Marie Le Pen , 86 , pulled out of regional elections in France yesterday .  Daughter Marine , 46 , accused him of ` political suicide ' and called Holocaust ` a detail of history '  Also praised France 's wartime leader Marshal Petain , who collaborated with Hitler .  Now he wants his granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen to replace him .  Mr Le Pen said the best replacement would
Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997 .  Author J . K Rowling 's success may lie in the use of words used-rather than the texts as a whole .  By scanning the brains of people reading passages , researchers discovered ` arousing words ' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion .  The emotional potential of words is
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .  Louis van Gaal 's side dominated possession , completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect .  There is a growing sense that Van Gaal and Mourinho will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released in June .  If Chelsea go on to win at the
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 .  The Manchester City striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against Reus .  Reus has been heavily linked with a move away from Dortmund .
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday .  Jack Wilshere , Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand also attended .  AP McCoy , a lifelong Arsenal fan , was present with his wife Chanelle .  Thierry Henry presented McCoy with his lifetime achievement award .  David Ginola , Ledley King and Fabrice Muamba also attended the event .  David Weir , Rebecca Adlington , Sam Warburton and
John Howard , 66 , drained # 90,000 from the Overseas Press and Media Association .  The father-of-three had sole access to the non-profit organisation 's account .  He enjoyed dining alone on several # 300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers .  His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors .  Howard rang a fellow member from a pay phone admitting
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have subsurface oceans under their surface .  It follows claims by Dr Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for the agency , that we could find life on one of them in the next 10 or 20 years .  Water is important because life , as we know it , needs it to survive .  But
Ashley Dodds , 29 , visited the Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester with her daughter , Dennon .  After ordering a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss ` mocktail ' for the girls , she heard that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version of the drink .  Restaurant staff accidentally served two Sex on the Beach cocktails in front of the girls while the adults were away from the
Posters are a throwback to the golden age of air travel , when flying was an exclusive experience and there was plenty of legroom .  They ` re featured in a new coffee table book , Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 , which revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am , British Overseas Airways Corp -LRB- BOAC -RRB- and Continental .  Many of the
Sean Maitland is leaving Glasgow Warriors for London Irish next season .  The 26-year-old has been out of action since January with a shoulder injury .  The New Zealand-born winger was ruled out of the Six Nations .  Maitland has won 15 caps for Scotland and toured with the British & Irish Lions in 2013 .  The winger will now play in the Aviva Premiership with London Irish .  The
Baroness Hale of Richmond said that she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most disputes .  She said that a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce .  Around 120,000 couples divorce in England and Wales each year .  Lady Hale , 70 , was behind the move for ` no fault ' divorce 20 years ago .  Conservative MPs saw
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlandr 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back .  The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing : ` Love having my fans support ! ! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around '  In January , former Philadelphia
Fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops .  After carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain , the boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul 's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz .  Massey Shaw is still capable of pumping out 3,000 gallons of water every minute-as
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Pompous Albert has already racked up 44.1 k followers on Instagram .  The grey cat , from Salt Lake City , is a Selkirk Rex cat with a permanent frown .  He 's also named after his famous lookalike , Albert Einstein .  Albert is a breed of cat known for their wild , curly hair-but not usually for angered appareances .  One picture of the fluffy cat is accompanied
A masked gunman remains on the run in Sydney 's west .  It is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm .  A NSW Police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia an arrest is yet to be made .  Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway .
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30 pm local time on Easter Monday .  But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did n't get away until early on Wednesday .  Passengers were shunted back and forth from the airport to the Tropicana Las Vegas hotel .  They were told the air con was n't working and plane to warm to board .  Then they were told
Tamara Pacskowska , 56 , pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley .  The Polish conwoman could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law .  Monika Brzezinska , 34 , and Benjamin Khoury , 26 , helped her translate .  The pair were caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale .  Pacskowka sobbed as she was given a community order and made
Phone records from early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services .  Putin said he raised the issue with then-US President George W . Bush , who promised to ` kick the ass ' of the intelligence officers in question .  But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia 's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts , which said they
The U.S. . Senate voted on Thursday to approve Loretta Lynch as President Barack Obama 's next attorney general .  She is expected to take over as head of the U.S. . Justice Department on Monday , replacing Eric Holder .  Ten Republicans voted for Lynch , including Senate Majority Leader .  Mitch McConnell and expected presidential candidate Lindsey Graham , the senior senator from South Carolina .  Texas Senator
Canadian-born designer Tanya Heath , 44 , has created the brand .  The first of their kind , the shoes , which start from # 260 , are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles .  A high heel -LRB- up to 3.5 inches -RRB- can be swapped for a low heel -LRB- 1.5 inch -RRB- , without compromising the style .  There are hundreds of heel varieties
An MP passed a dossier of information to the Home Office in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation .  But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 .  Revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up .  The missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of the late
FA chairman Greg Dyke 's idea of increasing the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12 .  Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius , Igor Stepanovs , Kaba Diawara , Sebastian Squillaci , Andre Santos , Amoury Bischoff , Park Chu-Young , Marouane Chamakh , Pascal Cygan , Philippe Senderos , Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou .  Wenger 's transfer record shows
Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap .  Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in the Champions Cup quarter-final .  Matt Giteau and Juan Fernandez Lobbe came on as replacements for Toulon .  Bryan Habana and Juan Smith were among a glittering non-playing contingent .  Young quipped that Leigh Halfpenny 's absence from the Toulon ranks meant that Wasps only had ` about five world-class full-backs to
Benefits cheat Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain .  The 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC .  He claimed he could not bend and needed to use crutches to get around .  He also said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace and could n't bend .  But he admitted fraud by failing to
Ashley James , 26 , has joined forces with PETA on anti-fur campaign .  ` Harvey Nichols : Here 's the Rest of Your Fur Coat ' slogan reads .  She is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox-a fake one we ` ve been assured .  ` I love animals , ' she tells MailOnline .  ` If I see people I know wearing fur , I will
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am .  Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars .  For two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ` like a suspect '  They then managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South
Sara Martin , 37 , was diagnosed with aggressive , inoperable brain cancer in 2010 .  Mother-of-three , from Lititz , Pennsylvania , had n't spoken for weeks .  But one day recently , she uttered single word : ` Florida '  Now , she 's being driven to Sarasota , south-west Florida , today .  She has three children-Carlie , 12 , Gretchen , 11 , and nine-year-old Connor
David Jenkins ` single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield , Norfolk .  The man in his 50s was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team .  He has been a regular competitor at UK aerobatic competitions , winning over 40 medals .  Witnesses saw the plane go into a flat spin and failing to come out during display .  Mr Jenkins was named British Advanced Champion in
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup first leg on Monday .  Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 35 goals this season .  Jose Mourinho 's first-team squad has space for ` three or four kids ' next season .  The Blues have tried to recruit talented young players from the London area .  The 17-year-olds have also scored for Chelsea 's under 21 side
A big pitfall in dinner dates can be the awkward silence .  But a Tumblr blog has come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts .  The cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward silence .
DeShawn Isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train .  Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair .  Isabelle also stole $ 2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on
Edinson Cavani visited an animal sanctuary after Barcelona 's 2-0 defeat .  The former Napoli forward has registered 18 goals for PSG this season .  Cavasni has expressed his desire to stay at Paris for the duration of his contract .  Manchester United are said to be monitoring his situation closely .  CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news .
Jennifer Pagonis , 29 , has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome -LRB- AIS -RRB- , a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen .  She was born with an enlarged clitoris , no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse .  She now uses the first name ` Pidgeon
Biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family .  40 to 50 per cent of differences in risk between close relatives of offenders and men from the general population were genetically driven .  It comes after high profile case of Jimmy Savile , who it was revealed raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse .  Scientists studied
Philip Lyle Hansen , 56 , is accused of removing women 's teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex .  He has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 .  A woman , 47 , who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s , told the court she never
The 26-year-old waitress had her ponytail pulled by Prime Minister John Key while she was working at a cafe in Parnell , east of Auckland .  She wrote on The Daily Blog how Mr Key kept pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year .  Mr Key defended his pranks as ` a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his
Czech Republic face Germany or Russia in the final in November .  Petra Kvitova beat world no 29 Caroline Garcia in straight sets .  The Czechs have been in four Fed Cup finals in five years .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
David Wihby , 61 , was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution .  He has been Republican New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte 's state director for the last year .  He also has an elected position on the Manchester , New Hampshire , school board .  He was released on $ 2,000 personal recognizance and will be arraigned at the beginning of May
Squadron Leader Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach in 1940 .  Sq Ldr Joll 's plane was hit by ground fire during strafing attack on German aircraft .  He survived the crash and made it home to his parents in Gravesend , Kent .  His mother Mabel Joll fainted when she opened the door to see her son .  Mrs Joll had received
Susan Farmer , 37 , from Eddy , Texas , weighs 43st -LRB- 605lbs -RRB- .  At her heaviest , she was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time .  She was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight .  But her mother Nita , who dotes on her daughter , continued to buy her fatty foods .  She says
Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday 's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana .  As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay .  Amazingly Phillips of Franklin
The Baird Televisor is expected to fetch up to # 22,000 at auction .  It was manufactured in 1928-two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system .  The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored .  It is capable of picking up Sky or BBC channels -- even with a set-top box .  It is being auctioned off as part of
J.B. . Silverthorn of Orchard Park , New York , was found guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the Niagara River on December 29 .  Police say they repeatedly told him to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court after they noticed he ` smelled of alcohol ' and was ` intoxicated '  But the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his
Bowe Bergdahl , the U.S. . Army Sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and was held by the Taliban for five years was found to have been ` going over to the other side with a deliberate plan '  Lt . Col . Anthony Shaffer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation .  The investigation
Anti-racism protester Jacob King stood up against a neo-Nazi at an Easter weekend 's Reclaim Australia rallies .  Mr King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear .  Mr King , from Melbourne , said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters .  He said he learned
Britain 's biggest banks have racked up a # 39billion bill in just three years .  ` Remediation costs ' wiped out 61 per cent of profits between 2011 and 2014 .  The bill was driven by the payment protection insurance scandal , with banks setting aside # 4.7 billion last year to compensate customers .  Another # 2.3 billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays , Royal Bank of
Celtic take on Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday .  The match will take place at 12 : 15 , a time that Scottish football fans do n't agree with .  Ronny Deila says the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong .  Deila believes teams should have more of a say on kick-off times , rather than broadcasters .  The SPFL sparked
Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio , although the 18-time Olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer .  Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday .  He will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall .
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- .  Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain during Ecuador 's 1-0 defeat by Mexico .  Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley have been added to the Swansea squad .  Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Tigers squad .  Tom Huddlestone is suspended while Nikica Jelavic and Robert Snodgrass remain sidelined .
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Monte Carlo to reach the Champions League semi-final for the first time since 2003 .  Arturo Vital scored the only goal of the game from a penalty spot in the first leg .  The Italian giants will now face Bayern Munich , Barcelona and Real Madrid in the final at the Maracana on June 6 .  Massimiliano Allegri 's side have kept nine clean sheets
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister at the Kenanga Wholesale City mall in Pudu , Malaysia .  The six-year-old suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors .  She can be seen playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator with her sister .  She then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes as stunned bystanders peer over in shock .
Emma Hannigan , 42 , was diagnosed with the faulty BrCa1 gene in 2005 .  It increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 % and ovarian cancer by 50 % .  Mother-of-two had a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year .  Despite the drastic surgery , she received the diagnosis she had breast cancer .  Since then , she has battled the disease nine times
Property developer Andreas Christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life .  Corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro , Cornwall .  Nicole Phillips , 45 , from Hastings in East Sussex , has been charged with perverting the course of justice .  Her husband David Phillips , 48 , was already charged with grievous bodily harm with intent .
Martin Alvarado Jr , 23 , allegedly beat his girlfriend 's 18-month-old son to death for urinating him as he changed the boy 's diaper , according to police .  Edwin Eli O ` Reilly was rushed to a hospital in Berywn , Illinois , where he later died .  He was looking after the boy at his home when he allegedly became enraged that the boy urinated on him
Luis Suarez scored both goals as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-1 on Wednesday .  He nutmegged twice en route to both goals in the last 16 of the Clasico .  He has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games -- six from six in the Champions League .  His overall tally is 18 and Barca 's front three are on 91 for the season .  They look set to
Robbie Knievel , 52 , was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars .  After the crash , he drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , police said .  He refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take
The 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County , Colorado .  Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck .  She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean .  The bullet did not damage her airway or sever any major blood vessels .
Mario Ambarita clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight .  The 21-year-old was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the housing at Jakarta 's Soekarno-Hatta airport .  The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ` looking for work '  He had left home in the town of Bagan Batu to look for work in Pekan Baru , which is also
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Ariana Miyamoto , 20 , was crowned Miss Japan last month .  She was born and raised in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese .  Ariana says it was often punishing growing up as the only black girl in her class .  She grew up in the port town of Sasebo where her African-American father met her Japanese mother .  Ariana is the first mixed race Miss Japan to represent her
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven , Belgium , to warm up some milk .  But when she came to pay , she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added to the bill .  Her total bill last Sunday lunchtime came to around # 20 , including an omlette , two cappuccinos and two caramel desserts .
Researchers are working with drug development company Evgen Pharma .  It is hoped the new approach will target cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause tumours to re-grow .  Cancer that has spread and is incurable , known as secondary breast cancer , kills 1,000 women in Britain every month .  They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer .  These `
Billy Mitchell , now seven , was born with Apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition .  The bone plates in the skull fuse too early in the womb so the skull is unable to grow normally .  He has undergone a series of major operations to correct the deformities .  He also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks .
Asabi Barner , 37 , is suing Harlem tattoo parlor Black Ink , claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her scarred .  The tattoo parlor 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , Black ink Crew , which has had three seasons .  Barner says she went to the parlor to get a new tattoo to cover up a
Darlene Feliciano , 27 , was a manager at a Honolulu Walmart .  She was hiking on the Makapuu ` Tom-Tom ' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu , Hawaii .  She was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka .  Her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike in March .  He is no longer in control of the terrorist group , according to an Iraqi source .  He was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition in Nineveh , Iraq .  His chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low , but he pulled through .  He was left so weakened that
Theo Walcott and Raheem Sterling are in the process of negotiating contracts with their respective clubs .  Sterling has been one of Liverpool 's best players this season , but his contract dispute has caused problems .  Arsenal have won 62.50 % of their Premier League games when he is in the team , compared to 59.1 % without him .  Sterling has provided seven assists in the Premier League
Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers .  Corcovado in central Rio de Janeiro provides amazing vistas of the city of Sao Paulo .  The CN Tower in Toronto is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders in the Modern World .  The Skywalk opened in 2007 on land belonging to
Chris Ramsey was handed the manager 's job until the end of the season .  He stepped up from his youth development coaching role after Harry Redknapp resigned in February .  Ramsey insists he is more than happy to remain in W12 regardless of what division they are in next season .  Reports suggest Ramsey could link up with former Tottenham colleague Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa in the summer
Nearly all of the drug dealers who Obama granted clemency to were convicted of dealing addictive , hard drugs like crack cocaine , methamphetamine and heroin .  Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison .  The White House said the move continues Obama 's push to make the justice system fairer .  In December , Mr Obama issued his first round of commutations
Ross Barkley has been repeatedly linked with a move to Manchester City .  Gareth Barry believes it is still too early for the 21-year-old to decide on his future .  Barry spent four seasons at City before being found surplus to requirements .  Everton face Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday .
Martin Skrtel misses the trip to Arsenal after getting a three-game ban for stamping on David de Gea .  Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace him .  Daniel Sturridge and Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho will hope to exploit Mertesacker 's side of the defence .  Jordan Henderson has come so far it is now a 50-50 call .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal
Cortez Berry , 18 , was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth , Georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery .  The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook on Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail .  It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of
The advert appears to prove that kids prefer a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza .  A top pizza chef described the advert ` blasphemy '  The True Neapolitan Pizza Association has accused McDonald 's of a ` shameful ' attack .  It is not the first time McDonald ` S and Italian foodies have been at odds over their menus .  In 2000 riot police had to protect branches
Jeffrey Klein said that a staffer ` accidentally tweeted a link from her phone '  The tweet showed a search for ` hot ' pictures of Susan Del Percio .  The Republican strategist has previously worked with former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani .  Klein , a Democrat who caucuses with the New York Republicans , said that the tweets were sent by a recently hired female communications staffer
From today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji .  Emoji hashtags work with single emo ji , multiple emoiji or can be combined with text .  Last month Instagram launched a standalone app called Layout .  It has four main features called Faces , Mirroring , Photo Booth and Previews .  The most popular emo Ji on the site
John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song , I Was Only 19 , at a Reclaim Australia rally .  The songwriter , who penned the 1983 anthem , said the song was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness .  Saturday 's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group 's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups .  Federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten said there was no
Trevor Vale posted a five-minute plea online to encourage Australians to attend an Anzac Day memorial service .  The truck driver was driving from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the video .  He became frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs .  Mr Vale 's ramblings have been viewed over 800,000 times .  He is on a mission to never let Australians
Dashem Tesfamichael , 30 , was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju , 26 , to death in 2006 .  He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to rap songs .  The 50-second clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared on WhatsApp .  It also shows a stash of drinks bottles , biscuits and crisps on a window ledge .  Tesfomichahael will spend
Kai Windsor , from Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , started life as a girl -- and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body .  Christened Kaia , he would shun traditional girls ` toys in favour of kicking a ball around .  By four , he refused to wear dresses-and at six he wanted his hair cut short and developed a boyish awkwardness
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break .  This is the time when the ` alternative holiday experience ' tickles your holiday tastebuds .  The ` activity holiday ' , which can range from Pilates to kayaking , or painting to pottery .  An excursion to Venice one day provided inspiration for the budding artists .  She wanted to do something in her
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade , who refused to leave his office , when the fight broke out on Friday .  Carey was later spotted ` hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital , according to a city clerk .  The mayor is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer
Lee Lewis Ferguson was flung from Merrion Square at Wincanton .  The 18-year-old has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal .  Ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times .
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan in South China 's Guangdong Province .  But two years on when You asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable .  Yan 's weight had almost doubled-after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs .  But her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep his pretty girlfriend by his side forever
Ashton Taylor , 21 , has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson .  She was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013 .  She has undergone 15 brain surgeries , numerous angiograms , hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans .  Miss Taylor said she felt tricked after believing Gibson 's cancer story but an apology wo n't cut it .  Gibson admitted
Robert Abercrombie , known as Rob Venomous , posted a video of him pulling out his son 's tooth .  He climbed into his Chevy Camero before lurching forward , pulling James ` tooth clean .  The eight-year-old can be seen running up to the camera with blood smudged across his teeth .  After the car stops , James , 8 , is seen exclaiming : ` It came out
Children as young as three are being asked to sign a ` home-school agreement '  The children must also refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases .  They must also be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles .  It is understood that teachers at the South-East London school introduced the document to help stamp out playground prejudice against transgender people and a wide range of disabilities and
Rye Silverman , 32 , a Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed ` gender rebel ' , has been a fan of the brand 's clothing collection for years .  She often posts images of herself wearing the clothing on the company 's Style Gallery , an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes .  Rye , who came
The man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike when he was hit by a car .  He was thrown off his bike and later died in hospital from his injuries .  His younger brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier .  Mr Zhang sold vegetables at the local market and was believed to use the stretch of road on a daily basis .
Female victim collapsed and started fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes .  Passers-by rushed to comfort her but one thief stole # 60 from her handbag .  Detectives have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace .  She has been described as a white woman in her 30s or 40s and around 5ft 5in tall .
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was hit by a Mars-sized object called Theia , 4.45 billion years ago .  What is agreed on , though , is that the impact actually happened .  This is known as the giant impact hypothesis .  In the latter theory , a team of scientists at the University of Maryland said the impact of Theia with Earth was
Steven Pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season .  Midfielder has made just 11 appearances for the Toffees this season .
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality .  The 25-year-old was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday .  Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog .  She was remanded on bail last week but failed to show prompting police to issue a warrant
Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules .  Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .  Ruling is the result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant .  It means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound
Callum Butler was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin .  His mother Amanda was later told bacterial vaginosis -LRB- BV -RRB- was to blame .  The infection can also cause miscarriage and is twice as common as thrush .  BV affects one in three women , causing an unpleasant odour .  Pregnant women with the condition are six times more likely to miscarry .
George and Amal Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their Lake Como home .  Three-day party is a belated celebration of Amal 's 37th birthday .  The actor and his human rights lawyer wife are believed to have returned to Italy .  Strict security measures are in place ahead of the event , with local authorities warning anyone caught loitering outside the couple 's home will face fines
Convicted cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal , 60 , was hospitalized last week .  He shot Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in cold blood in 1981 .  He was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in bathroom of Correctional Institution .  Third graders in Orange , New Jersey , and high school students in Philadelphia Student Union sent letters to him .  They said he will ` get well
Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March .  The Frenchman is the league 's outright most successful foreign nationality .  Thierry Henry , Nicolas Anelka , Emmanuel Petit , Sylvain Wiltord , Robert Pires and Samir Nasri have all won it while in north London .  David Ginola was the first French winner of the accolade in 1995 .  Arsenal have
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his 39-year-old wife , Ashlee Steele , and her sister , Kacee Tollefsbol , 38 .  Defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele 's brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths .  Steele had been diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England 's ODI squad for the clash against Ireland .  The 23-year-old will make his international debut against Ireland on May 8 .  He graduated from Cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology .  He is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement .  The left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio 's son , 17-year-old Dante , has been accepted into Yale and Brown universities and will make his decision by the end of the month .  Dante 's choice of college is obviously a private matter , but how his parents-as champions of the underprivileged-will fund it , is obviously of public interest .  Dante has a salary of $ 225,000 and his
Scientists at UCLA found the oral contraceptive shrinks two key regions of the brain , changing the way they function .  They found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception .  It could be responsible for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the Pill .
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night .  Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute .  Jermaine Beckford and Daniel Johnson also scored for the hosts .  Steve Cotterill 's side will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship .  Preston beat Peterborough 2-1 at home on Saturday .  The Robins will be back
Sportsmail 's Marcus Townend and Britain 's No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race .  Will AP McCoy 's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for Shutthefrontdoor ?  Or will one of the other contenders take their place in history ? Find out by clicking play on the video below .
Friedrich Brandt , 23 , was a member of George III 's German Legion .  He was killed by Napoleon 's forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs .  It took three years of research and a little luck to pin-point Brandt 's identity .  A piece of wood carrying the initials CB , and the date 1792 , and 20 German and French coins amounting
Roy Day , 29 , and Gerard Lundie , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months .  Crooks stole # 160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties .  They stole a Citroen C4 , a Kia and a Nissan Qashqai from homes in Birmingham , Warwickshire , Staffordshire and Shropshire .  Forensic experts discovered Lundie 's DNA inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to
Allie Davis , 21 , delivered her boyfriend the ten-question document yesterday .  She dubbed it ` The Official Allie Davis Relationship Test '  She told him he must score at least 60 per cent ` to stay in the relationship '  She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday night .  The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form .  Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .  It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield , which they last won in
Siyanda Ngwenya , known as Adams , allegedly attacked female housemate .  Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling before cameras moved away .  Ngwanya reportedly boasted to housemates that he had sex with the woman .  However , the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims .  Alleged victim has been ` removed for her own well-being '
Tyra Banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday at the 42nd annual Daytime Emmy Awards in Burbank , California .  The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television .  Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings
Lewis Hamilton has told Nico Rosberg he will do his talking ` on the track '  The pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced .  Hamilton is 17 points behind his Mercedes team-mate in the drivers ` standings .
Jordan Spieth came close to becoming the youngest ever Masters champion last year .  The 21-year-old threw away a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round .  He bogeyed the eighth and ninth holes and Bubba Watson birdied the same holes .  Watson eventually won his second green jacket in the space of three years at Augusta .  He has been paired with Henrik Stenson and Billy Horschel
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the Royal Navy and Border Force .  It was about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast when it was intercepted .  French customs said it tipped off British authorities ` to board a tug carrying a very large quantity of cocaine , more than two tonnes '  The crew of the Hamal , nine men aged between 26 and 63 ,
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been taking underwater photos for nearly a decade .  The pair from San Diego , California , have travelled as far afield as Papua New Guinea , the Maldives and Virgin Islands .  They have been able to mount a GoPro camera to the end of the pole and obtain incredible memories of their dives .  Having the extendable pole allows the animal
Lucas Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near Provodnikov 's left eye early in the second .  He continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep the Russian at bay , giving him room to dodge the Russian 's powerful left hook .  The Argentine was able to withstand the onslaught of his opponent .  Patrick Teixeira -LRB- 25-0 ,
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves .  Trading Standards officials raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations as they were ` likely to contravene food imitation safety rules '  The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break .  They bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ` speckle ' designed to make it
Chamali Fernando , candidate for Cambridge , was speaking at hustings last night .  She said wearing wristbands indicating a person 's condition would help doctors .  She said people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves .  She said : ` They do not realise the person may have a mental health or other condition . The way they behave often affects the way they are treated '
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party hosted by his then girlfriend .  He was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor , Gordon Brown .  As he held court , a young woman called Justine Thornton became transfixed .  She was the daughter of Michael Flanders , of the musical comedy duo Flanders & Swann .  She said : ` I thought he was good-looking and clever
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City .  The Frenchman captained Arsenal 's team during their 4-2 Manchester derby defeat .  The World Cup winning Frenchman has learned from Arsene Wenger , Fabio Capello , Roberto Mancini and Jose Mourinho .  He has worked with some of the best managers in the business , including Fabie Capello .  City face Manchester United at
Marouane Fellaini shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour on Tuesday .  The pair were recently the subject of a mix-up involving Jose Mourinho prior to Manchester United 's 3-0 defeat against Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday .  The Chelsea boss prepared his players to deal with the threat of the Belgian all week .  But he was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian
Josi Harrison , Laura Lefebvre , and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade .  They claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones .  After sending one , they were blackmailed into sending more .  When they sought help from the principal and police chief they were told they would be charged with distributing and distributing child pornography .  On Thursday , a
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around from Dockweiler State Beach .  Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it .  The rescued pup weighs about 25 pounds and is probably 10 months old .
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in Dhaka .  Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six .  Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday when the second ODI takes place in Mirpur .  Azhar Ali and Sarfraz Ahmed put on 53 runs for the first wicket .  Fawad Alam joined Mohammad Rizwan at the crease
Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet , from Paris , has recreated a series of ads for her project SPOOF .  The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy , Lancome , Lanvin and Acne .  In the images she has retoated the adverts completely , from the clothes the model wears , to the poses , make-up , hair colour and surroundings .  The series of pictures took two months to
ESPN sideline reporter Britt McHenry , 28 , has been suspended for one week .  She was caught on camera berating a hapless tow truck employee in Arlington , Virginia .  She said : ` I ' m on television and you ` re in a f ---g g trailer , honey '  The verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick her car up
Football reporter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet ` inappropriate ' tweets .  He called ANZAC Day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion '  McIntyre also accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes .  The broadcaster has since been sacked by the broadcaster .  SBS 's Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport , Ken Shipp , said McIntyre 's actions have ` cause d his on-air position
Cristiano Ronaldo scored 300 goals for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano .  The Portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano 's record of 323 .  Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot , 52 with his left , and managed 41 with his head .  The 30-year-old has made 288 appearances for the La Liga giants .  He has won two FIFA Ballon d `
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final second leg .  The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off against Malaga .  Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric .  Karim Benzema missed Saturday 's clash at the Bernabeu with a knee injury .
Two cheetahs try to scare the tortoise out of its shell in South Africa .  One of the creatures appears to admit defeat and wander off throwing a last glance .  The intriguing scene was captured by John Mullineux , a chemical engineer from Secunda , South Africa .  He said : ` seeing two so close was dream but seeing them size up their lunch was unique '
Craig Davies scored twice as Bolton beat Cardiff 3-0 at the Cardiff City Stadium .  Eidur Gudjohnsen and Emile Heskey also netted for the Trotters .  Josh Vela was booked for a late swipe at Peter Whittingham .  Craig Davies added a brace to help his side claim all three points .  Cardiff are now 13 points behind the relegation zone in the Championship .  Neil Lennon 's side have
French free diver jumped into Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas .  Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge .  The hole is 660ft -LRB- 200 metres -RRB- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom .  Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .  The video was filmed back in 2010 by the French .  free
Santi Cazorla is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid .  The Spaniard has been linked with a move back to his native Spain .  The 30-year-old has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season .  But he admits that ` you never know what the future will bring '
The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge 's ruling this week that V . Stiviano , 32 , must return $ 2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts .  Shelly Sterling insisted on Wednesday she did n't take them to court over the money .  Despite acknowledging marital problems , she also said she and her husband never separated .
Current and former female agents spoke out to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies .  The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills .  Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent ,
Geoff Barrow , founder of rock band Portishead , attacked streaming services .  Said he received just # 1,700 in royalties despite 34million plays .  He said he was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal .  Streaming companies have defended their practices , saying they offer artists a fair price .
Marc Benioff , the CEO of Salesforce . com , was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act .  The law was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state .  He has now said he is now trying to move state employees who are ` uncomfortable ' with the polarizing new law .  The law , brought in
Bishop donned a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif .  Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom .  ` Good on # JulieBishop for respecting another country 's culture ! That 's true feminism , ' said one
Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Benfica .  The Portugal striker has struggled for first-team action .  Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury .  The 23-year-old has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury .  Garry Monk is set to hand Oliveira only the second Premier League start of his career at Swansea .  Gomis ` injury has highlighted the shortage
Emily Reay , 17 , has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter .  She claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years .  But on her return to lessons following Easter holidays she claims she was told to tone it down .  Now teachers at Trinity School in Carlisle say she will be banned from classes .  ` Everybody knows
Tabitha Bennett allegedly met the girl at a corner in New Port Richey , Florida , and allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older-year-old girl , according to police .  Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .  Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones .
Claire McCoy says Tony McCoy 's retirement is ` the end of an era '  The 15-year-old AP left his home in Moneyglass , County Antrim , to head to the stable of an apprentice jockey 's life at Jim Bolger in County Galway .  Claire says seeing ` Anthony ' leave left her ` heartbroken '  McCoy has decided to end his peerless career this weekend when he was
ASIO contacted the families of some of the would-be killers ahead of the arrests .  Sevdet Besim , 18 , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts '  He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ` ISIS inspired ' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony .  The pair were ` associates ' of
Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents do n't ` get off the grog ' and bring them home .  Northern Territory 's Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays .  On Monday night , 42
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan 's clothes after machine broke .  The 20-year-old then posted a picture of herself in the star 's shirt .  She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy .  Niall , an avid golf fan , has been in Georgia for the US Masters .  He acted as a caddy for Rory McIlroy 's caddy in Augusta , Georgia
The Ibrox side crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season at Palmerston Park .  Derek Lyle , Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the South 's play-off hopes a massive boost .  Stuart McCall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss .  Rangers remain third in the table -- behind Hibernian on goal difference but with
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers ` side are currently fourth in the Premier League .  Reds goalkeeper Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the competition and a top four finish .  Philippe Coutinho has suggested the cup can save the Reds ` season .  But the Belgian international says he has no reason why they should prioritise one of
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the moment a man stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi .  The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia , an anti-Islam group , organised protests at major cities across Australia .  A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos appeared at the event and attempted to intimidate anti-racism protesters .  In a video of the event , it also appears to show a man throw
Justin Whittington , 23 , was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield , California .  He was charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online .  His charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' following interviews .  On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be ` left out of this '  He was
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds .  The Ulster and Ireland prop has multiple concussions .  The 31-year-old had ` experienced a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons .  Medics at the Guinness PRO12 province referred him to a neurologist .
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Paulo Dybala , according to reports in Spain .  Palermo 's Gustavo Mascardi is in Madrid to meet with the club 's hierarchy on Friday .  Porto coach Julen Lopetegui has been linked with a Real Madrid job .  Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by telling him to be more defensive .  Mundo Deportivo have installed Barcelona as favourites to win the Champions
Parking attendant mistook the throttle for the brake in the Ferrari 599 GTO .  The # 300,000 supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds .  The car 's owner entrusted the car to a parking attendant in Anzio , south of Rome .  The driver , Roberto Cinti , 38 , told police following the accident : ` I got confused . Instead of the brake , I pressed
Dr Sanjay Gupta is chief medical correspondent for CNN .  He is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday 's deadly quake .  He was asked to perform a craniotomy on a 15-year-old girl .  Sandhya Chalise , who lives in a more remote area of the country , only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude earthquake .  He was forced to use basic equipment , such
Drew Hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw pensioner fall .  He pulled over to help the woman for less than a minute but was slapped with # 70 ticket .  He tore up the ticket and threw it in a bin before going back to pick it up .  He said : ` It 's not the cost , it 's the principle
Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .  The Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday .  Tests on Sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee .  The news comes as Real Madrid wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale 's calf injury .  Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on
Hakeem Kuta , 17 , plunged six stories from the roof of a building in Mott Haven , New York , on Thursday night .  Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building .  Kuta and five others jumped over a three-foot high wall before he fell six stories to the pavement .  He was taken to St
Violent robber Craig ` Lazie ' Lynch shows off his toned physique in a series of self-portraits .  The 34-year-old is serving nine years for series of violent gang robbers .  Use of computers , social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars .  But Lynch has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his prison cell .  He is using it to make huge profits
A series of billboards posted around New York City are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit .  The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City who want exposure for their new business .  They want to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them
Prince Andrew will not face court action in the US over claims he had sex with an under-age girl .  Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Jeffrey Epstein , a convicted paedophile and sex offender .  But Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims should be ` struck from the record '  Judge said the ` lurid ' and ` unnecessary ' claims should not be involved in
The 80-year-old fashion designer , who has dressed everyone from Beyoncé to Adele , has made a name for himself putting A-listers in his creations .  In an interview with The Sunday Times , he disapproves of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much .  He said : ` I like somebody healthy , somebody solid , who looks after his body but does n't use
Jordan Spieth has won four tournaments in a row as the new Masters champion .  The 21-year-old Texan has committed to playing two tournaments next month .  Ian Poulter , Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia have decided not to play .  Three of the high-profile members of the winning team at Gleneagles will not be present .  The BMW PGA Championship will be held at Wentworth next month .  The
Jarret Stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews , a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports .  He was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm .  Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal , with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment ` promptly '  The move is likely to anger both the U.S. . and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers .  Moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to Iran in 2010 after the U.N. . imposed sanctions on Tehran
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday .  Louis van Gaal is without Marcos Rojo , Phil Jones , Michael Carrick and Daley Blind .  Jose Mourinho says Manchester United 's injury crisis does not weaken their team .  The Chelsea boss says his squad is ` amazing ' in numbers , players , experience , solutions `  Mouri Astono was part of Van Gaal 's coaching
Sarah Stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles , has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy .  The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure , claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child .  The model has also shared numerous photos of her
Christopher Dodd , 24 , and Fay Purdham , 27 , grew up together as boys .  They were inseparable as children and played football for endless hours .  Soon after they parted ways Fay , who was born Kevin , started her transition to becoming a woman by taking hormones .  They reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding .  Mr Dodd ,
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek , Michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments .  Her mother , Barbara McGrath , said that her daughter is attending Lakeview Middle School and that she ca n't say whether Rose will return to St . Joseph , a private Catholic school , until she determines if issues can be resolved .
Karim Benzema limped out of training with a knee problem on Tuesday .  The Frenchman should be fit for the return game at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side host Malaga in La Liga on Saturday .
Premier League stars from the South and North took on each other in a simulated match .  Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored for the Southern All-Stars .  Manchester City 's Sergio Aguero gave the Northern side the lead after less than a minute .  Morgan Schneiderlin and John Terry were also on target for the South .  Northern 's Martin Skrtel was the least effective for the
Tim McGraw is facing a backlash from conservative fans after agreeing to headline a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity .  The Louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a Hartford , Connecticut show on July 17 for the Sandy Hook Promise group .  The group formed in the aftermath of one of the US 's deadliest school shootings in late 2012 .  Commenters on
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday and extended his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship .  The British driver sprayed champagne into the face of a woman on the podium of the Shanghai Grand Prix .  Roz Hardie , chief executive of Object , a campaign on sexism and ` sex object culture ' , said he should be forced to
The map was created using data from Nasa 's Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite , and the Orbview-1 / Microlab satellite .  It shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013 .  Areas with the fewest number of flashes-as many as 150 per year per square kilometer -LRB- 0.4 square miles -RRB--are grey and purple .  The Democratic Republic of Congo was found
Alex Pritchard put Derby ahead after 21 minutes .  Tom Ince doubled the lead in the second half .  Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for the Rams .  Brentford 's Moses Odubajo was brought down by Toumani Diagouraga .  Alan Judge 's free-kick over the wall flies just over the crossbar .  Bent 's goal was the Rams ` 10th of the season .
Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth # 23million .  Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .  Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho the majority of the deals have involved South Americans .  Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds .
Gold Coast trainer Ashy Bines mistakenly advertised the price of a $ US49 , 500 course .  It was a ` once in a lifetime ' opportunity to work with one of Australia 's most well-known personal trainers .  Ms Bines apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program .  The real price was a
Bronze artefacts were found at the ` Rising Whale ' site in Cape Espenberg , Alaska .  Archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle .  This is a bronze whistle dating to around A.D. . 600 .  It is thought to have been created in China , Korea or Yakutia .  Researchers believe those who lived at the site may be part of the `
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory .  The 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot in the 49th minute .  It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia 's split in 1993 .
From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland , airports are offering ever more diverse activities .  From Qatar airport you can do half or full day dune bashing tours which can take the edge of a long flight .  For around # 7 -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land
Australian batsman Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring .  Finch sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League .  The 28-year-old has never played Test cricket .
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15 pm on Thursday from a woman trying to drive to the hospital .  A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery .  The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville .
The 25sq / m diorama was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle 's bicentenary .  Despite the enormous scale of the diorama , the number of troops featured is just a third of the true number who were killed or wounded in the battle-and less than 10 per cent of the total number who
Job listings were spotted by fan site AppleInsider in the past month .  They include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer .  Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page .  It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use .  This includes 90 time checks
Air Malta 's Airbus A319 flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff .  The unusual flight was to celebrate the wedding of a pilot and a cabin crew member .  The happy couple got married at Malta International Airport earlier that day .  A spokeswoman for Air Malta said the couple were married at the airport .
Starting in May , Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera .  He will be playing Nick , a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant , played by Karla Mosley .  Avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show .
Italian musician Andrea Furlan played a ` butterfly landscape ' designed didgeridoo .  He was filmed standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford , Milton Keynes .  He played a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background .  A cow steps out from behind the herd and begins walking towards the river .  The herd then stand and enjoy the music while Andrea serenades
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket .  The Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and
Jessica Ainscough , 30 , died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer .  She spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy , which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas .  After discussions with ` oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' , she began a course of targeted radiation , her partner Tallon Pamenter
Geoff Johnson , 37 , and his sister Jennifer McShea , also 37 , returned to the home of his mother , a compulsive hoarder , in Omaha , Nebraska , 20 years after he left in 1995 .  The house was left to them when their mother died of breast cancer in 2013 .  Geoff , a photographer , wanted to superimpose his son and Jennifer 's four-year-old daughter
The unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at Coles in Caboolture , north of Brisbane .  She pushed the trolley up the escalator before realising the brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store .  Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away .
Hattie Gladwell , 19 , from West Sussex , was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis .  Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine .  Under-going surgery left her with a surgically created opening in the abdomen .  Had to wear a bikini for the first time and have sex with a bag .  Says her stoma is a part of her now it
The First Lady and her mom , Marian Robinson , dined at Lupa , a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street in New York 's Greenwich Village on Saturday .  The two enjoyed a five-course Italian lunch before getting into a waiting SUV .  Owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali described Michelle Obama as ` a happy woman '  The menu , priced at $ 65 per person , plus
Six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger -LRB- part lion , part tiger -RRB- were taken from Kenny Hetrick 's Stony Ridge farm in January .  It was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ` unsafe '  Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild animals following an incident in 2011
Pietro Boselli , 26 , is an advanced maths lecturer at University College London .  He says he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from his colleagues .  He did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as Abercrombie and Fitch on his CV .  Boselli has now achieved his PHD and is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set
Hollywood Reporter 's ` Power Stylists for 2015 ' list features three Aussie stylists .  Elizabeth Stewart , a former fashion editor for Women 's Wear Daily and the New York Times , is credited with styling Cate Blanchett , Sandra Bullock , Julia Roberts and Amanda Seyfried .  Cristina Elrich , the stylist behind Margot Robbie 's glamour look , also made the top 10 .  Jeanann Williams ,
New survey by Ripley 's Believe It Or Not has revealed who we would most like to have as our family members .  David Beckham , Holly Willoughby and Ed Sheeran have been voted as the most like-to-be stars .  Sharon and Ozzy Osborne were the second choice mum and dad .  Katie Hopkins came bottom of the list .  Rhianna , Adele and Channing Tatum have also been named
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the sentimental ring at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday .  The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ` Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 , Love Jenny '  Roxy Walsh said she will be meeting with ` THE Joe and Jenny ' in Noosa on Sunday .  The pair are from
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland , the representative of her husband 's estate , has filed a $ 51 million lawsuit against Bassel Saad .  Saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter .  He expressed remorse in court and said he prays for her family .  Saad was involved in another assault on a soccer field in 2005
Andrew Else was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic Ephraim Norman .  The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder .  Norman had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill , the Old Bailey was told .  Mrs Else , 52 , said she
Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura after beating Monterrey 3-0 .  Former Barcelona and Brazil forward Ronaldinho scored a brace .  The 35-year-old replaced Queretaro team-mate Emanuel Villa with just six minutes left on the clock .
George Osborne admitted he was secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark .  Claimed the ` one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off was to watch the programme .  He said the show was a ` fantastic advert for Britain ' and particularly Cornwall .  Osborne said he was ` delighted ' that the series had been shot in Britain .
Stephen Curry scored 34 points for the Golden State Warriors .  The point guard outscored New Orleans with 11 first-quarter points .  Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland .  The Warriors recorded a 19th straight home win and 40th in 42 games this year .
Buddhist monk Wu Yunqing was mummified in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in central China 's Anyang City .  Now 17 years on , his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible .  Self-mummification was a way to preserve a person 's body after death and was practised in various areas of the world including Asia .  Mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were
Christine Lagarde , first female chief executive of International Monetary Fund , championing pink .  Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood wore hot pink for live election debate last Thursday .  Style icon Samantha Cameron is also a big fan of the colour .
Obama said he ` had to say hi ' to Bolt , the fastest sprinter of all time , when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982 .  Obama asked the six-time Olympic champion to show him the pose before joining him in his signature ` lightning pose '  The world-class sprinter 's lightning pose , which he strikes after winning a race , has
Angel Di Maria has a new tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm .  The 27-year-old has endured a mixed start to his Manchester United career .  The midfielder has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford .  The former Real Madrid star also wears the No 7 shirt for Argentina .
Researchers at Clarkson University in Potsdam , New York , claim older buildings often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains .  Exposure to the mou mold can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment , among other problems .  No-one is exactly sure of the psychoactive effects of indoor mouldeds on the brain , but spores have been linked
Gary Neville believes Manchester City would struggle to attract top players .  Paul Pogba and Mats Hummels would prefer to go to Manchester City .  City have been reined in by Financial Fair Play regulations .  Manuel Pellegrini 's side travel to Old Trafford to face United on Sunday .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram .  The 29-year-old chef said : ` Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week '  Hundreds of women have shared their own stretch marks on the social media site .  Some have shared pictures of their stomachs while others have showed their legs and bums .  Stretch marks are thin lines that appear on the surface of
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches .  These range from bruises and sprains to fractures , torn ligaments and at worst , concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord .  Professor Allyson Pollock , an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary , University of London , said these plans
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .  Ray Parlour believes Petr Cech would be a ` no brainer '  Cech has made just four league starts for the Blues this season .  Wojciech Szczesny has played second fiddle to Thibaut Courtois .  Arsenal are 10 points clear of Jose Mourinho 's side going into the game .  Cech is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night .  Pep Guardiola ripped a small hole in his trousers during the match .  The former Barcelona boss joked after the match : ` I 'll have to buy new ones for the next match '
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months .  The wild owl , which weighs around 6lbs , spends an average of one minute perched on the head of innocent bystanders , before flying off looking for its next perch .  Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird , as hoards of twitchers have flocked to the Netherlands
Mohammed Nisar , 55 , was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station .  Passenger jumped out of the vehicle in a rush , forgetting his rucksack .  He had been carrying the hefty sum after cashing a cheque from his inheritance .  Mr Quinn , 46 , realised he had left the bag in the car seconds after Mr Nisar dropped him at the station .  He
Former first minister mocked Labour after Jim Murphy claimed he would write the party 's budget north of the border .  He also joked that he would ` check his top pocket ' -- a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket .  David Cameron and Boris Johnson joined forces to warn of a looming ` constitutional crisis '  They questioned the
Sleepy Towie , population 300 , has a single road , a few houses , primary school , church , graveyard and a community hall .  The remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of ` significant size ' for decades .  A two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions .
The ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner is seen greeting Diane Sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released on Thursday .  The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete telling the journalist : ` It 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow I ' m gonna get through it `  It then shoots to footage of Bruce 's older children ; Burt ,
Jake Castner , from Ballarat in Victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest .  The 19-year-old boasted on the social media site : ` We do n't talk to police ! '  He was arrested in the Mount Helen area just after 11.30 am on Monday .  The troubled teenager 's Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of `
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states , including parts of Alabama , Arkansas , Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico , Ohio , Oklahoma and Texas .  Earthquakes , they said , were sometimes caused by fracking , in which large volumes of water , sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas .  Study identified 17 areas in the central and
Rebecca Calder , 24 , was jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to nine counts of theft .  At her peak she was draining up to # 300 a day from her disabled victims ` accounts .  She posted regular partying pictures of Facebook not knowing the family of the victims .  The couple in their late 80s who have now died , installed a spy camera and filmed
Natasha Elderfield , 41 , is accused of murdering her boyfriend Robert Dobinson , 33 .  The mother-of-two , from Abingdon , Oxfordshire , is on trial at Oxford Crown Court .  Elderfield 's boyfriend , Tony Steggles , had been drinking , dancing and having sex .  She flew into a rage when he interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man .  She told police who arrested
Jaap Stam 's son , Jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal .  Roy Keane would probably feel Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself , according to Keane .  Keane insists that a footballer should ` always look after No 1 '  The 20-year-old has ambitions not just to
Yvonne Deegan described the investigation as ` absolutely diabolical '  Her husband Bernie Deegan , 70 , died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle .  Police last week told Mrs Deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe into Dr Rory Lyons .  The retired stonemason was a close friend of Colin Cosheril ,
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster .  The video , taken from a plane yesterday , shows the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side .  The 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact .  The maneuver
Dr Mark Porter , head of the British Medical Association , said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges .  All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use .
Teresa Sheldon , 38 , has appeared in court charged with murdering son Tommy .  Five-year-old died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in car fire .  She is also charged with attempted murder of another child who was in the car .
Mauricio Pochettino insists Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane .  Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy 11 months ago .  Sherwood revealed he is still in touch with Tottenham chairman Levy and thanked the club for ending his five-month spell in charge at Villa Park .  Sherwood trusted in the likes of Harry Kane and Nabil
Rory McIlroy was joined by Niall Horan at the Masters on Wednesday .  Horan fell while caddying for the Northern Irish golfer in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National .  Horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in Boston .
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are due to wed in Dunblane on Saturday .  The Wimbledon champion announced his plans to say ` I do ' at the Scottish cathedral .  Shop owners have already sent gifts to either Andy , 27 , or his bride-to-be .  Lesley Anderson , 52 , who owns Point Nouveau Bridal shop , sent a crystal-covered garter to Kim Sears six weeks ago and
Dr John Parker has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus .  The humanitarian doctor was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney 's west for treatment on Saturday .  He had been working at an Australian-run treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year .  The World Health Organisation estimated more than 10,000 people have died from the deadly virus .
Michelle Schwab , 38 , has been charged with child endangerment .  She allegedly dangled her two-year-old son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo before he slipped and fell .  The mother-of-three is an assistant director at KinderCare in Columbus , Ohio .  She has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare .  She faces six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine for the incident
200-year-old book of poetry was given to George III in 1812 .  Was presented to the Hanoverian monarch by the Shah of Persia in 1825 .  Letters from Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during the American War of Independence .  Letters from Queen Charlotte to her children 's governess also shown .  Documents from George I , II , III and George IV will be made available .  Experts from
Tim Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club after sacking him .  Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday .  Sherwood joked : ` Just to see who he 's going to sell me ! '  Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's
Police were led to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW by the mother and brother of accused killer Vincent Standford .  Standford , 24 , has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott , 26 .  The Leeton school teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday .  The 26-year-old was due to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday .  A memorial service was held on Saturday
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer at the age of 33 .  The former Celtic striker said he felt ` as good as dead ' upon receiving the news .  Hartson admitted having a gambling addiction that he faced up to after beating cancer .  Hartson played for teams such as Arsenal , West Ham and Celtic .
Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st -- the king of the Continental Giant breed .  He is the size of an average eight-years-old child .  Annette Edwards holds the record for the world 's biggest rabbit , with different animals , since 2008 .  Aged only one , Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighing 2st .  With a rabbit 's peak weight and length
The We Are Handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night .  Former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk , Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett , and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp were among the models .  The ` models ' included ballerinas and sprinters , while Samantha Harris also made an appearance .  Lindy Klim said she was
Victims at Neerkol orphanage in Rockhampton have told of the horrific abuse they suffered at the hands of the priests and nuns who ran the institution .  The commission has heard a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age .  A retired nurse , who was sent to the orphanage in 1961 at the age of 10 , said she was
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid -LRB- STF -RRB- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature .  In a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and dispersing energy over a larger area .  The liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets , which can be placed inside the body armour .  When hit by a high-Speed projectile , a wide
Magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused a ` quick jolt ' to be felt in San Fernando Valley .  Quake was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210 .  Epicentre of the quake is around five miles , according to US Geological Survey .  There was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported .  Comes three days after a
David Lammy said Labour would look to ` forge a common alliance ' with SNP .  Said SNP was a party Labour could ` do business with ' in event of another hung Parliament .  Comes amid increasingly stark warnings from Tories that SNP will hold Labour to ` ransom '  Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon 's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7 .
Stacey Johnson , 22 , from Much Hadham , Hertfordshire , was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 .  Her sister Dannii , now 20 , was also diagnosed with a brain tumour .  She had been feeling ill and had suffered headaches , so went to her doctor who had referred her for tests that confirmed there was a growth in her brain .  She was shocked to
Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back .  Lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister , was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez 's home on June 17,2013 .  Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29 .
According to George R.R. . Martin 's books , Valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold governed Essos and covered more than half the known world .  It reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire , known as the ` Doom of Valyria '  Ryan Consell studied which materials could create a similar weapon .  He began by
Manchester United beat Manchester City 1-0 in the Premier League on Sunday .  Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai on Tuesday .  The club legend believes they are ` kings of the city ' after the win .  The former France international believes Louis van Gaal 's philosophy is a perfect fit for Old Trafford .  Cantona turned his back on football to preach about
Glen Walford , 75 , may be forced to sell her childhood home to pay for mother 's care .  The theatre director has spent two years fighting Worcestershire County Council .  Her mother Mary moved to a care home in 2006 but council reversed decision in 2013 .  Court ruled house should not be taken into account when means testing was carried out .  But High Court judge ruled
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier , Gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties .  Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .  When he reaches her on the floor , he eventually steps back down to four paws .  To
Frank Ernest Shepherd , III of Houston , Texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop .  The 41-year-old father of three had another baby on the way when he was shot by police on Wednesday afternoon .  The pursuit began a little after 10am , when Shepherd led a fleet of cars on a chase as he drove on the freeway
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh , Illinois , was struck by a St Louis MetroLink train .  The 58-year-old was responding to a report about an opossum on the tracks .  She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene .  She was licensed as a wildlife rehabilitator by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources .  She was involved with the Bi-State Wildlife Hotline of Missouri and Illinois
Daria Rose , 18 , has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to .  Rose and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012 .  Rose wrote about her Hurricane Sandy experience in a college application essay in which she talked about the storm and how reading helped her cope .  A college essay about her
Chris Wallace , 67 , made the comments on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday .  He was asked : ` Have you seen Kelly Clarkson ? Holy cow , did she blow up '  In reply , he said the ` American Idol ' winner has ` a lovely voice '  But added that she ` could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while '  Within
The tree was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson , Missouri on Saturday .  It was a dedication to the teenager , who was gunned down by a police officer last August .  The Black Caucus of the American Library Association donated the tree .  But by Sunday morning , the branches had been stripped , leaving just a shard of the trunk .  A second tree that was close
Wei Guiyi , 76 , guides her blind hubby Huang Funeng , 80 , around with bamboo pole .  Huang lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985 .  Pensioner never complains about their plight and says she looks forward to every new day .
Mike Brown was knocked out cold in England 's 47-17 victory over Italy at Twickenham in February .  The Harlequins flyer had hoped to recover in time to face Ireland in Dublin on March 1 , but pulled out in the build-up .  The England full back was immediately treated by the England medical team after being concussed against Italy .  Brown was determined not to suffer an extended break
Freddie Gray , 25 , was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury .  He was handcuffed and put in leg irons , but left without a seat belt , a police union 's lawyer said .  ` Nickel rides ' have caused spinal injuries in the past .  Baltimore police epartment rules were updated nine days before Gray 's arrest
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz .  The Blues are looking at alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem .
Millions of Britons could lose credit card perks because of EU legislation .  Capital One became the first provider to scrap cashback offer for new customers .  Company scrapped deal after announcement of EU cap limiting fees retailers can be charged for processing payments .  Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit .
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith has expressed regret .  He said : ` Our policy is that we will retain Trident , we will maintain a continuous at-sea deterrent '  But he added : ` On the issue of Trident : would but we could get rid of it but I fear that we ca n't '  Tories have warned that Labour could ` sell out ' Britain in a
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 17 Ligue 1 goals for Paris Saint-Germain this season .  Marco Verratti has heaped praise on his Swedish team-mate .  The 33-year-old believes his input off the pitch is just as important .  The Swedish striker was suspended for the club 's Champions League quarter-final .
Ryan Giggs has apologised to his brother Rhodri for the eight-year affair .  The Manchester United star phoned his brother out of the blue a few weeks ago .  The pair are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship .  The two brothers were spotted out together with friends on Easter Sunday .  The affair was first revealed in June 2011 when Rhoilli 's wife Natasha admitted an
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland .  Now it 's disappeared from around 80 per cent .  Kevin Bradley , CEO of Save the Bilby Fund told Daily Mail Australia that it is difficult to pin point the exact number of bilbies left in Australia because of their ` cryptic ' nocturnal habits .  Until recently , Australia had two species
Annegret Raunigk , 65 , is set to become the world 's oldest woman to give birth to quads .  Pensioner from Spandau , Berlin , is expecting quadruplets .  Daughter Leila , who turns ten this year , wants to have a little brother or sister .  But she says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision .  ` I have enough experience of childbirth
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg .  The 30-year-old Briton is looking to emulate Sir Jackie Stewart as a triple world champion .  Hamilton said grouchily that he was disappointed ex-drivers were not being more supportive .  Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help Hamilton .  Hamilton won his third race of the season to extend his lead in
Nikko Jenkins , 28 , murdered four people in 10 days after being released from prison .  A doctor described him as a ` psychopath ' and ` one of the most dangerous people ' he had ever encountered .  He may use the botched case as evidence he is mentally unstable .
Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask actor Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past .  The actor said : ` I ' m sorry , I really do n't ... what are we doing ? ` before walking out of the interview .  The American star is in London to promote his new film Avengers : Age of Ultron .  He became aggravated when the chat took a turn for the
Larry Kramer , 79 , says he believes what 's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles .  In Volume One of his two part book ` The American People , ' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln 's spurned gay lover .  According to Kramer , Abraham Lincoln
Anna Broom , 33 , of Gillingham , Kent , has not worked since the age of 19 .  She has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits during which time she has claimed # 100k .  She now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream ` traditional English wedding '  She is desperate for a church ceremony , designer dress , horse and carriage and champagne .
Navinder Singh Sarao , 37 , appeared at Westminster Magistrates ` Court on Wednesday .  He was bailed with a surety of # 5million after failing to pay # 5m bail .  Sarao allegedly caused the 2010 Wall Street ` flash crash ' and made # 550,000 in five minutes on the day of the ` Flash Crash ' , the biggest one-day collapse in Wall Street history .  He
Artefacts from 18th-century India will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams this month .  They include a rare quilted helmet with a gold koftgari bar , a tiger-paw from the foot of Tipu 's throne , and a gold-coloured gem-set sword with an artistic tiger 's head pommel .  The Sultan 's personal sporting gun , a four-foot-long rifle made by his own armoury , tipped to make
Shelley Dufresne , 32 , and fellow teacher Rachel Respess , 24 , were arrested in September after a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he had slept with both of them .  An investigation later revealed that the 16-year-old student had sex with both the two teachers-including an alleged a threesome with both at respess 's house .  The married mother-of-three pleaded not guilty to a count
Massachusetts couple Mimi and Joe Lemay 's son Jacob was n't always a boy .  The five-year-old was born Mia , the second of three sisters .  From a young age , Jacob would change his clothes up to 12 times a day , in an attempt to find something he felt comfortable in .  Shortly before he turned three , Jacob declared himself a boy .  The Lemays are
Vera Baird donated # 500,000 to charity Victims First Northumbria .  Ms Baird is a director of the charity which supports crime victims in her area .  She is a co-director of charity alongside force 's Chief Constable Sue Sim .  Last month Ms Baird boasted of securing funds for the charity .  In an article on the charity 's website , she wrote : ` I become responsible for
The 22-month-old was baptised in Jerusalem 's Old City on Monday .  North , Kanye and Khloe also visited Armenian church St James Cathedral .  The family had finished a tour of the Old City and Armenia .  North , who is the only child of Kim Kardashian , was chapened in Jerusalem .  The family also dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat at a restaurant .  North 's mother
Radamel Falcao spent his Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez .  The Manchester United striker posted a picture of the pair on Instagram .  The Colombia striker moved to Old Trafford on a season-long loan from Monaco .  He has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury .  The 29-year-old has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain , Juventus and Valencia .
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday .  The 23-year-old impressed for Northern Ireland last week .  Dallas spent three months on loan at Northampton .
The 250-year-old sex toy was found during a dig at the city of Gdansk .  Archaeologists said it dates back to the second half of the 18th century .  It has a wooden tip that has preserved in excellent condition .
Massaging your ` third eye ' , the point between your eyebrows , can help boost concentration .  Suzi Cinalli , from The Vital Touch , outlines her top tips for boosting concentration .  Oily fish deliver a powerful EFA boost in a form that 's easily absorbed by the body , containing both EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids .  Low DHA levels have been linked to a higher
Marouane Fellaini heaped praise on Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard in club interview .  The former Standard Liege man was on the pitch as Gersrard was dismissed .  Fellaino also praised Wayne Rooney as the best finisher he has played with .  United face his former club Everton on Sunday in the Premier League .  Nemanja Vidic and Sylvain Distin were also mentioned in the question and answer piece .  Click
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre in Sydney .  The former PM was pictured standing outside the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car .  Felicity Waterford was waiting for her daughter to finish a concert when she noticed the car and got out to offer some
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter 's and Son 's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age .  ` I ' m 51 , ` replied Michelle Obama .  ` You ' re too young for a 51-year-old ! ` replied the little girl .
Officers from Police Scotland 's Edinburgh division posted pictures on Facebook .  They were part of a campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of housebreaking .  Break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in the 12 months to April 2014 .  Across Scotland , housebreakings rose 4 per cent to 22,272 over the same period .  Victims branded the move as ` insensitive ' and ` a joke
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron 's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes .  But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost # 1million .  Tories said Miss Thornberry opposed right to purchase but not ` right to sell to let '  She lost her frontbench job
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska parted company on Friday .  The pair announced in December that they would work together .  Ravwanska is currently ranked No 9 in the world .
Tories ` have n't been able to win an election for 23 years , says former Chancellor .  Mr Clarke warns against offering ` blank cheques ' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets .  He also criticised the Tory leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband .  Mr Clarke has served under Margaret Thatcher , John Major and David Cameron .  He is one of the few remaining
Daniel Sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order at Liverpool .  The England international has played just 12 league games this season .  Brendan Rodgers said he is ` unsure ' as to whether the striker will play again .  Rodgers is keen on signing Burnley striker Danny Ings and PSV 's Memphis Depay .  Liverpool are also interested in signing Belgium striker Divock Origi this summer
Union conference heard today that schools are struggling to deal with an influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak English .  Some teachers are having to use Google Translate to plan lessons as they struggle to cater for migrant children .  They said English-speaking children are not getting their ` fair share ' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad .  It
Biologists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes .  They found skin cells on either side of the wound begin by ` sniffing ' each other out to find their opposing partners .  They then develop adhesive like structure made of microscopic tubes , called microtubules , that pull them closer together .  These attachments work a like velcro and pull the skin cells towards the
A 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges .  Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek , north-west of Brisbane , about 7.30 pm on Monday .  The say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it .  A terrifying
Sir John Major said the SNP would use power to foster division .  He mocked Nicola Sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a Labour government , when she is ` not even bothering ' to stand as an MP herself .  Labour had argued it would ` kill independence stone dead ' but instead it ` fanned the flame ' which lead to the referendum
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park .  Lucas Leiva missed three trips to the national stadium in 2012 .  The Brazil international missed all of them with a serious knee injury .  Lucas can play his first game at Wembley in a Liverpool shirt on April 19 .  Philippe Coutinho made the difference for Liverpool with a 70th-minute strike .  Lucas 's compatriot
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League final last season .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side have failed to win any of their last seven games against their city rivals .  The two sides met in the last 16 of the Copa del Rey in January .  Diego Simeone 's men have not beaten Atleti since last season 's final .  Sergio Ramos and Mario Manduzkic scored
Steven Gerrard lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .  The Liverpool captain 's final game at Anfield is scheduled for May 16 .  He will begin his new career in mid-July once the MLS transfer window opens .  The 25-year-old was denied the chance to end his Liverpool career at Wembley .  Liverpool face West Brom , Hull City and Queens Park Rangers on May
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles this evening .  Floyd Mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout .  The Filipino icon has promised to be on time .
Last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 °F -LRB- 13.6 °C -RRB- .  This is 1.5 °F -LRB- 0.85 °C -RRB- above the average for the 20th century .  This was the highest for March in the 1880 -- 2015 record , surpassing the previous record of 2010 .  It follows earlier announcements from US government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history .  Scientists warn
Prime Minister David Cameron and Labour 's Ed Miliband go head-to-head in unusual TV debate on Thursday night .  Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7 in what is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since the 1970s .  33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as ` the most impressive ' on the economy .  But
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon .  Marouane Fellaini has been in brilliant form for United in recent weeks .  Thibaut Courtois says the Blues have been working on a way to combat the midfielder .  Courtois has played alongside the 27-year-old for Belgium .  Courtois feels Eden Hazard will double his PFA Player of the Year award .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester
Angela Maxwell won # 53million with her husband Richard last week .  The 67-year-old thought he was playing an April Fools ` Day prank when he told her .  She returned to her five-hour shift at Coningsby Community Hall in Lincolnshire .  She said she would not give up her role at the club despite the windfall .  The couple said they planned to buy a new minibus for pensioners
Christopher Eccleston played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005 .  The 51-year-old has now suggested he quit the show after falling out with show bosses .  He said he wanted to ` move him away from RP -LSB- received pronunciation -RSB- for the first time '  He said : ` We should n't make a correlation between intellect and accent '  He has previously hinted about a row
Burlesque performer Lillian Bustle , from New Jersey , revealed in a TED talk that ` fat ' is just another word-and using it does n't have to be an insult .  She also called herself ` short ' , because she is 5 ` 3 `` , and ' wife ` because she 's married .  She also said that the word ` ugly ' is not the same
Mr Yuan , from Changsha , was involved in car crash on March 24 .  None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else-some for up to nine years-and one even had a son with him .
Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook has been granted Moldovan citizenship .  The 24-year-old is ranked No 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class .  Cook has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012 .
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle in 2006 .  He was attempting to block a John Arne Riise free-kick at Anfield .  Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith 's journey to hospital by throwing bottles , beer glasses and stones at the ambulance .
Lindsay Jo Rimer was 13 when she went to the shops in Hebden Bridge .  Her body was found in Rochdale canal five months later , weighing a 20lb rock .  The teenager 's sister Kate described her family 's struggle as a ` life sentence '  She said : ` Every memory of her is tainted-it is so painful and bleeds into everything we do '  Detectives are still
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger the Rochester and Strood by-election .  He is on course to lose the seat at the General Election .
The child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton .  She suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident .  Police are hunting the owner of a ` Staffy-type ' dog after the attack .
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family 's swimming pool in Upavon , Wiltshire .  The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water .  He was airlifted to Southampton General Hospital but later died .  Coroner Dr Clare Balysz said she was in ` little doubt ' of what had happened .  She is calling for a change in the law
Bernard Whalen 's new book ` The NYPD 's First Fifty Years ' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department .  The department 's first chief of police , William Devery , was known as the king of kickbacks .  He had to give a backhander just to get into the force and was never shy about trading dollars for ranks .  On the back of bribes
In 2018 , Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest , most powerful rocket booster ever built ; the Space Launch System -LRB- SLS -RRB- .  11 self-contained small satellites , each about the size of a large shoebox .  The first is a Near-Earth Asteroid -LRB- NEA -RRB- Scout , using solar sail propulsion , will fly by a small asteroid , taking pictures and making observations
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo reported witnessing ` a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of March 8 last year , when MH370 disappeared .  The island community of 3500 is located in the southern area of the Dhaalu Atoll in the Maldives , in the Indian Ocean .  acoustic scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that ` distinctive ' data they recorded from the area at
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased 's wife who booked them as a final gift .  Mrs Jian said she knew her spouse always had an eye for the ladies and wanted to ensure that his final journey was one that he would appreciate .  Taichung Funeral Home in Taipei , Taiwan was turned into a makeshift gentleman 's club when the dance music began pumping and neon
Barnet beat Gateshead 2-1 to secure promotion to the Football League .  Mauro Vilhete scored a brace as Barnet overcame Gateshead .  Manager Martin Allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful .  Bristol Rovers ended their season with a 7-0 defeat of Alfreton Town .  Allen is on-off relationship with Barnet could see him leave the club for a fourth time .  Chairman
ComRes put Nicola Sturgeon on 40 per cent as the best PM , with Miliband on 28 per cent .  Mr Farage on 10 per cent and Mr Cameron just ahead of the Tories .  Tories rushed out a poster depicting the SNP leader in his pocket last night .  Tories said he had ` dominated ' him in the debate .  Labour is battling to fend off an SNP
Aidan Fraley , 16 , believes everyone on the Tulsa police force is to blame for his father Eric Harris ` death and says ' they should all go down `  ` He should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad , ' he said .  ` The Lord has forgiven me for my sins , and who am I not
Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent .  The miniature chocolate amphibians , which weighed a plump 20g two years ago , will now weigh just 12g .  In February , chocolate lovers expressed their anger after the company announced plans to reduce the size .  of their family blocks by ` one row ' in a cost cutting deal .  The best-selling
Alan Pardew insists he is not interested in raiding former club Newcastle for Tim Krul .  Crystal Palace boss says he is happy with current No 1 goalkeeper Julian Speroni .  Pardews says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Srul over a transfer .  The 53-year-old is planning a busy summer in the transfer market .
President Barack Obama will be sending an administration official to Armenia this week , to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks .  As a presidential candidate , Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American , Kim Kardashian , and the Pope for the world to recognize the
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission .  Rockhold should be next in line for a pay-per-view title shot in the 185-pound division .  He will take on the winner of the UFC 187 fight between Chris Weidman and Vitor Belfort next month .  Jacare Souza won with an armbar at 2 : 33 of the first round .  Souza needed less than five minutes to earn victory and
Jordan Henderson believes Liverpool can catch Manchester City .  Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United .  Raheem Sterling opened the scoring in the ninth minute at Anfield .  Joe Allen capitalised on a defensive mistake to score his first Anfield goal .
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed .  Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies .  Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes .  It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with Anti-Islam groups has mocked protests being
David Cameron will today promise extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year .  The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a barrier to employment .  The Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than # 150,000 .  Mr Cameron will argue ` true compassion is n't giving people a benefits cheque -- it 's giving them
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website .  40 per cent of Airbnb 's listings in Cuba are in Havana .  The rest are mostly located in tourist hotspots along the coast .  One of the biggest hurdles Airbbb hosts are currently facing is the lack of internet access across the island .  It restricts their ability to check on bookings and respond to questions
