it got so bad for the miami dolphins on sunday that boos were even being directed at their coach , jimmy johnson .
don hewitt , the cbs newsman who invented the highly popular tv newsmagazine `` ## minutes '' and produced it for ## years , died wednesday .
the u.s. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in european trading wednesday morning .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said thursday an upsurge in taliban attacks in afghanistan was aimed at `` testing '' western public opinion and warned the alliance would take tough action against anyone trying to derail afghan reconstruction .
young said he 's inclined to go along with a sentencing agreement proposed by the government and ferber 's attorneys .
iraqi oil ministry tuesday gave a two-week extra time for foreign oil firms to send in documentation for the second round of licensing for long-term development contracts .
he 's leader of the world 's most populous nation , but a mystery to most .
south korea said wednesday it would consider scrapping food aid to impoverished north korea if pyongyang test-fired a missile .
authorities have freed about two thirds of the ### people arrested during three days of violent protests over increased food prices , security sources said wednesday .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said thursday the killing of al-qaeda 's leader in iraq , abu musab UNK , was a significant victory in the battle against terrorism but not the end of the violence .
group h favorites spain could be given an unexpected boost ahead of their opener against ukraine - if andriy shevchenko decides to sit out wednesday 's afternoon match in leipzig .
the deal between government officials and islamic militants in the scenic swat valley could presage broader accords with militants in the tribal areas bordering afghanistan .
the government has cut a dramatic hike in electricity charges after workers threatened to strike .
the us space shuttle atlantis separated from the orbiting russian mir space station early saturday , after three days of test runs for life in a future space facility , nasa announced .
the united states claimed credit tuesday for a ceasefire that ended fighting between israel and lebanese guerrillas , and rejected suggestions that it was forced to model the agreement after a french draft .
jean UNK , a prominent chef who opened le cirque , one of new york city 's premier restaurants , with UNK UNK in #### , died UNK his home in west palm beach , fla. .
foreign ministers of the group of eight countries began talks here thursday expected to raise pressure on iran over its nuclear program , as moscow sought to prevent next month 's g# summit becoming a magnet for criticism of russia 's democratic credentials .
result in a world cup group g match here on sunday .
leonardo piepoli of italy was the clear winner thursday of the fourth stage of the tour of burgos while frenchman laurent jalabert closed the gap on overall leader abraham olano .
the indian elephant will become extinct unless the government launches an all-out war against rampant poaching , wildlife experts say .
copenhagen ap -rrb- -- results from the danish first division -lrb- home teams listed first -rrb- : UNK
ukraine outclassed saudi arabia in their crunch group h game here monday , firmly setting their stuttering world cup campaign back on track with a convincing #-# win .
growing up in the slums of kabul and suffering from a life-threatening heart defect , ##-year-old UNK UNK feared that she may only have a few more years to live .
beatings and brutality are common at rio 's youth detention centers , but abuses often go unreported because there is no outside monitoring , human rights watch said thursday .
up to ## percent of the four million tourists expected to visit thailand in the first three months of the year may cancel their trips after deadly bombings in bangkok , a leading think-tank said friday .
a u.s. congressman expressed concern wednesday over the health of venezuela 's democracy and condemned pending conspiracy charges against a leading government opponent .
three-time world champions germany defeated albania #-# in a world cup european zone qualifying match wednesday night while poland suffered a minor setback in their attempt to take their first world cup berth since #### .
rio ferdinand admits manchester united 's recent defensive problems are causing concern ahead of the crucial , closing stages of the season .
new zealand completed their second grand slam in three years and third overall with a ##-# win over england at twickenham here saturday .
a bomb exploded in a crowded cafe thursday afternoon and injured seven people , the government said , in the latest of a wave of attacks on city restaurants .
a small arab party headed by an adviser to yasser arafat on tuesday quit the race for israel 's parliament after polls suggested it would fail to win a seat .
worried by dozens of abusive telephone threats received by doctors and nurses , police have tightened security at a hospital treating a man accused of murdering ## people in a shooting and arson spree .
it starts with a few whispered words over tiny cups of bitter black coffee , a narrow UNK glance or two -- and then comes the torrent of talk about betrayal and blood revenge .
it was a sickening feeling he hoped never to experience again , least of all three months later .
gold opened lower here on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
in process of divorcing from prince andrew , the cash-hungry duchess of york has clinched a deal with a u.s. publisher to write a new book , according to a news report friday .
defending national basketball association champions miami , who have battled injuries all season , booked their playoff berth thursday with a thrilling overtime victory over cleveland .
phil mickelson 's bid for a third straight major title was still on saturday as the american started the third round of the us open golf championship four shots off the lead .
several economists say thailand _ an asian economic success story until #### _ could see its first recession in ## years .
president george w. bush 's springer spaniel , spot , was old and ailing .
president clinton plans to round out his selection of a new cabinet on friday with the announcement of his choices for several remaining openings , including that of andrew cuomo , the eldest son of the former new york governor , mario cuomo , as secretary of housing and urban development , administration officials said on thursday .
president chandrika kumaratunga accused her political rival , sri lanka 's prime minister , of `` degrading '' the country 's military and raising the `` false hope '' that a safety net provided by friendly nations would protect against a resurgence of civil war .
algerian soldiers stepped up their patrols in the capital thursday , a day after a car bomb killed three people and wounded at least ## at an algiers cafe and a policeman was killed in a shootout .
the upcoming china visit by president ali abdulla saleh of the republic of yemen should further strengthen the friendly relations and cooperation between the two countries .
the government and opposition groups have reached agreement on bringing home more than ##,### refugees who fled to northern afghanistan to escape tajikistan 's civil war , an official said friday .
they rose gracefully from a wildflower meadow , two windswept UNK that towered over the spectacular tidal marshes of plum island .
