in the early ####s , the only thing most people knew about llamas was that michael jackson had one .
spanish conservative leader jose maria aznar will become prime minister no sooner than the beginning of may and not early next week as his party had hoped , sources within a potential coalition partner said friday .
the #-year-old should n't be here .
whether it 's a brilliant smile or tears of joy , helio castroneves lets you know how he feels .
now that `` buffy the vampire slayer '' is finished , fans might assume that anthony stewart head would be eager to escape his image as giles _ the proper british librarian whose UNK helped conquer evil .
iraq 's cabinet is expected to meet in baghdad on tuesday to discuss a military accord that will govern the presence of american troops in iraq beyond #### , a minister said on monday .
UNK lindner watches her boys asleep in a sofa bed .
cherie blair , wife of former british prime minister tony blair , visited bangladesh 's supreme court here on wednesday to observe the appeal proceedings of a graft case against former bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina .
in their private moments , coaches dream of what it would be like to have the perfect player at every position _ one who meets or exceeds all of the physical and mental standards to excel , without flaw or weakness .
with the world 's financial system in turmoil , it makes a certain amount of sense that financial stocks , especially those of banks and brokerage firms , have been pounded .
with deadlines for college applications looming and a UNK on procrastination , jacqueline lerner of wayland was getting nervous .
in september , the u.s. postal service issued two commemorative UNK stamps featuring kirby the puppy and samantha the kitten .
newcastle starts its new season in unfamiliar surroundings against very familiar opponents when it takes on west bromwich albion in the league championship on saturday .
a public prosecutor on monday asked a judicial council to determine if felony fraud and bribery charges should be brought against representatives of germany 's UNK , greece 's UNK and the state-owned telecommunications monopoly .
david rikl of the czech republic defeated croatian goran prpic #-# , #-# monday in the opening match of the croatian open .
manager terry collins got angry last week when he thought his angels overlooked the tampa bay devil rays before heading into their series with the texas rangers .
