-LRB- CNN -RRB- Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .   Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on May 12 .
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   The experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .   It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .
With the confirmation of Danilo 's summer switch to Real Madrid , Porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .   Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country 's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans .   Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez .
A dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   Carrie Reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , The Sun reported .   Ms Reichert went on to claim that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss .
A mother has been arrested for referring to her African-American neighbors as ` apes ' during a dispute over a parking space .   Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' I am not racist ' .   She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move .
Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters .   Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history .   ` I 'm really excited about the rest of the year now .   It 's a good momentum starter for me , ' said Rose , who was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters . '
A Pole with convictions for violence was on his way to Britain from Calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today .   Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' .   She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .   Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .
A couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in Hurricane Sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $ 250,000 in the lottery .   Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   The 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss , whose home in Brooklyn , New York , was also destroyed .   Ms Diano 's troubles first began when she stayed at home with her five cats during the storm brought on by Hurricane Sandy , which caused chaos when it hit 24 states in the US .
Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam on Saturday .   Jose Mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win but it did n't come without cost for Fabregas .   The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam , the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal .   However , the Spanish international was all smiles on Tuesday as he posted a picture to his Instagram account with the caption : ` Italy with Dr Paco '
The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford 's Jonathan Law High School , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25 , 2014 .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .   After a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted , with smiles and joy . '
Her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says Audrey Alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay .   It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family .   It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii .
Out of prison and free to stroll around Ireland 's capital , this is the notorious ` Black Widow ' killer who murdered her husband .   Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband Tom shot dead .   The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin 's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city 's Inchicore suburb .   She walked through the city centre to Dorset Street where she waited for a bus before attending the addiction studies course .
Following all his inspired charity work , Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy .   The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .   The 37-year-old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football .   The ` Didier Drogba Foundation , ' contribute financial and material support in education and health including school bags for the school children , as well as a medical clinic in his hometown of Abidjan , Ivory Coast , which will be opening its doors later this year .
Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   From a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .   But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
By the time Bobby Zamora caressed the ball with sublime precision on the gallop to lob Boaz Myhill from the edge of his area , the impression was firm that even the highly improbable can happen .   This was quite likely the finest goal of Zamora 's long career , a strike of rare quality that never looked on seconds before the ball was in the back of the net .   Chris Ramsey will hope Queens Park Rangers ' season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory .   Written off by many , this victory , only a second on the road all season , claws QPR closer to safety .
The Red Wings ' Drew Miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight . '   I feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' Miller said at practice on Wednesday .   Skating with a full face mask during practice , the Detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin , the Detroit Free Press reports .   The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday 's game between the Red Wings and the Senators .
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Barclays Premier League if he opts to continue his career in England .   Klopp , 47 , announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund when the current season draws to a close , prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the Premier League .   Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past , is not in their sights , but Germany international Mertesacker insists Klopp would be a good fit in the English top flight .   But for all that a new challenge lies ahead for Klopp , Mertesacker admits he can not work out what has gone wrong to prompt his exit from Borussia .
Apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage .   To address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts .   At least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page .
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in Dunblane this weekend .   And despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of the game , the 27-year-old Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday .   There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .   ` There 'll be no celebrities as such , I do n't have any celebrity friends so it was n't something that was planned , ' said Murray , before he flew back after his Miami Open final defeat to runaway world No 1 Novak Djokovic on Sunday .
A mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from Asda .   Paula Dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .   But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   Inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . '
A former Eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an MP despite dying two days ago .   Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   Due to stand as an independent , Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   An Electoral Commission spokesperson told The Sun Mr Carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought .
The disgraced ESPN sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm .   Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia , where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend .   When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .   But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .
A mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .   Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola , now three months old .   Like most first-time mums , Chloe and husband David , had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital .   The app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews .
It 's a question explored by BBC documentary Inside Harley Street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it 's famed for attracting business from those who do n't have to consider the cost .   Michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   His mother , Joy , who never spends money on herself and wears # 5.99 shoes from Oxfam , is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance .
Called the Chevrolet-FNR , it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features .   The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .   It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .   Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future . '
The televised debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia came to a crashing halt on Tuesday , when 74-year-old Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage .   It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor .   Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .
A Texas highway was thrown into chaos on Friday when the door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road .   Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .   The passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out .
The BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .   Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   In particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment .   However , despite the fact that Mr Elfwick 's Twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal Kim Kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in America .   The Miami-based Latina , who has already been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   She describes herself as a ` mamasota ' , meaning ` hot ' or ` sexy ' in Spanish and is as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol .   Her Instagram profile ` Kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars or on speed boats .
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East .   Now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of ISIS-affiliated accounts , Twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   Twitter does not publish data related to the accounts it suspends , but NDTV Gadgets reported that the social network 's so-called ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by ISIS militants or supporters of the terror group on April 2 .
Residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   They also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   Meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central London to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required ' .
This is the incredible moment a man narrowly missed being burnt alive by a massive fireball which erupted from the pavement .   Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands .   The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket .   The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the Bangkok Post .   Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .
A food supplier for supermarket giant Tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables .   A disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   The worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- The victory of a 72-year-old former general , Muhammadu Buhari , in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics .   Buhari , who some 30 years ago was Nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been .   But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history .
The former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   Research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for Bulgaria , which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer .   The figures , compiled for the annual Post Office Holiday Costs Barometer , show the spending basket in Turkey is up by 21.4 per cent on last year , at # 65.70 .
Islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . '   A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria .   The next photo , which is too disturbing to publish , shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .
A married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to IVF .   Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago .   The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth , Birmingham .   However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands .   Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013   Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
An 18-year-old University of Carolina freshman who was found dead after a St Patrick 's Day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled .   Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday .   He is the son of Columbia attorney Charles Terreni , a former staff member for then-Lt .
A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .   Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from the Shiite Houthi rebels , who are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government .   Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal , the Saudi King Abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in Riyadh , the Saudi Arabian capital , a free Bentley .   Prince Talal , who owns $ 300 million stake in Twitter , apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted , the International Business Times reported .
A shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released .   The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation .
On Sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon .   For one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route .   Cancer Research UK runners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   Unfortunately Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
But for Nasr Bitar , it was his time to shine .   The college student spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   To get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the Street View map .   Having figured out the pattern the Street View car was following , Nasr parked his car , jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap .
Rory McIlroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the Masters .   The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era , those being Jack Nicklaus , Tiger Woods , Ben Hogan , Gary Player and Gene Sarazen .   The 25-year-old looked in good spirits on Wednesday when he was caddied by One Direction superstar Niall Horan and shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest .
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by Roy Keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks I 've ever experienced ' .   Higginbotham and his Black Cats team-mates were about to take on Aston Villa during the 2007-08 Premier League season when Keane sat them down in the home changing room at the Stadium of Light .   But instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them , the former Manchester United midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk .   In his new autobiography Rise Of The Underdog : My Life Inside Football , Higginbotham - who scored in Sunderland 's 1-1 draw with Villa that day - describes Keane 's attempt to motivate his players . ''
A four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to King Henry VII -- and it could now be worth millions .   The intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green , Chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   Oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   It was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson , a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted the item , which was listed as 19th-century gothic revival , on the internet .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- On the surface , the mix-up seems incomprehensible : How can a volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a Taser , killing a man ?   That 's apparently what happened in Tulsa , Oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , Robert Bates , killed Eric Harris .   In a well-publicized 2009 case , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser , killing 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland , California .
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the Coachella music festival over the weekend .   The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California .   A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake 's gig .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .   Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association but it is as chairman of Everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered .   Under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners ' Cup , which is still the Toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   ` Sir Philip died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness .
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   Using a human as their base , pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   The brief clip , set to ` Les Toreadors ' from ` Carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old Ace on his lap .   Soon , Aoki puts his legs in the air - and 28-month-old Holly hops on .
A teenager from Illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing .   Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   This is one of several videos that Dayna has created .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford .   With plenty at stake for both United and City -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub .   However , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .   Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday , accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh .   ` From now on , I am a former president of the ICC .   Kamal , also president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board , criticised the umpires in the quarter-final , and questioned their partiality , over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .   Kamal said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as ` unfortunate . '
Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious , says Joe Calzaghe .   It is being billed as The Fight of the Century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to Mayweather and Pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome .   ` There will be a lot more pressure on Mayweather than there will be on Pacquiao , ' he told BBC Sport .   The Welshman , who is now 43 , retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .
Council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting Britain .   Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   But the HSE denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   Last night , former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion , now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England , accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next Gordon Ramsay or Jamie Oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune .   The new winner of Masterchef Simon Wood , who won the title last Friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   While Simon , who lives in Oldham , learns about his cooking from reading and watching programmes , he sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven .
With the Premier League season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window .   Many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from .   Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June .   At 36 years old , he is no spring chicken , but Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side .
A high school student and her best friend , who has Down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message .   Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt and Mikenzy on its Facebook page on March 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .   Before prom , Mikenzy took it upon herself to make sure that Matt had the opportunity to be elected onto prom court .
A Florida man wanted as a suspect in the murder of his own mother has been on the run from police since Saturday .   Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden .   The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .   He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern Munich supporters as Pep Guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   Muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of Bayern 's 6-1 demolition of Porto in the second leg of the Champions League quarter-final at the Allianz Arena to secure their place in the last four .   It was the World Cup winner 's 27th Champions League goal , taking him past former Bayern team-mate Mario Gomez and making him the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 .   But five first-half goals by Thiago Alcantara , Jerome Boateng , Robert Lewandowski -LRB- two -RRB- and Muller ensured Bayern 's safe passage into the semi-final .
A Sicilian Mafia fugitive dubbed the Godfather of Uxbridge who was set to be extradited to Italy will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence was dropped .   Domenico Rancadore , who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .   In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .   But today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   Once he 's put an item in the machine , Baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner .   Baron was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school .
Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike .   The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .   Images of the leaflet banning Nike clothing was shared online by the activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who translated it from Arabic .
Lorraine Bracco has revealed that The Sopranos creator David Chase wanted her to play the role of Tony 's wife Carmela and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi , his psychiatrist .   The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas , nine years previously .   Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .   Speaking about the untimely death of James Gandolfini in 2013 , Bracco said his passing was devastating and a wake up call .
A British barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes .   Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   Now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday .
Ed Miliband 's US adviser pays no tax in Britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   And he will have been aware of Labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week .
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12 .   The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- # 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming .   It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch .   The announcement comes weeks after Apple cut the price of its Apple TV device from $ 99 -LRB- # 65 -RRB- to $ 69 -LRB- # 45 -RRB- in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of Google Chromecast .
But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin .   And so , relishing her final taste of freedom before the presidential campaign kicks off , the notoriously low-profile staffer enjoyed a family day out in New York - with another Mexican bite .   The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two-year-old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon .   The family was pictured inside at a table , where Weiner swung his New York Mets baseball cap backwards while he ate .
The name Gary - once one of the most popular name in Britain - is now heading for extinction .   Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name , data from the Office of National Statistics shows .   That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain .   Helped by the popularity of actor Gary Cooper , there was a surge in Garys born in the US in the early 1950s .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 , after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final .   Now mentor Ricky Wilson , his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora , Tom Jones and Will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success .   Series one winner Leanne Mitchell , mentored to success in 2012 by Sir Tom Jones , blew everyone away with her version of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You in the live final .   After being dropped by her label Decca , Leanne is now working in the job she thought she 'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea , Norfolk .
A life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the Romanian Kim Kardashian .   Alexandra Harra , 28 , who now lives in Miami , has a BA degree in creative writing and classics .   She now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the Huffington Post and an author of The Karma Queens ' Guide to Relationships .   But when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the Romanian Playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee .   Former Portsmouth ace Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead .   The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .   It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place , as United 's poor run of domestic form continued .
That 's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney , with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .   Make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo .   Meanwhile eyebrow-raising head wear frequently outshone the designs on parade - from perspex masks made to look like plastic bags blowing in the wind , to giant animal heads , and Ned Kelly-inspired head pieces .
A British grandmother on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the Australian Bali Nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' .   Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad .   The Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal .
But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala .   It was August 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .   Bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything .
Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world 's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month .   Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .   For Prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins - who will lead his own team in the race for the first time - is only the start of his ambitions .   The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand .
When emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in Essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .   But the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in Epping Forest .   The report forms just part of a long list released by East of England ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs .   The service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day , and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .   As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20 , the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six-month ban .   The 27-year-old , who came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match , told the Daily Star Sunday : ' I was surprised how calm I was , with everything going through my head about doing the right things .   For the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them .
Inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the Belle Epoque , the newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris .   Considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the City of Lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the Maisons Closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes .   Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge , this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess .   Whether grabbing a drink in the lounge or hidden champagne bar or checking in to the one of the property 's extravagant suites , the plush velvet and gold-accented interiors , designed by Jacques Garcia , are not to be missed .
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England .   Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour , but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets .   Finn 's claims will be music to the selectors ' ears as they begin to fret about England 's fast-bowling stocks .   The 26-year-old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps , the last of which he won back in 2013 .
A holidaymaker who jetted off to Cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   Paul Armstrong , 26 , of Sunderland , flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager .   But after a spending spree on the trip , Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .   A court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to ` startle and repel ' .
Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia , Alex Perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week , and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA , Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .   This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .   The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .   After the students behind her plunged into the orchestra pit , she was so shocked that she was unable to move , she said , and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City 's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer by declaring the Anfield club are bigger than their Etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .   Ahead of Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley , Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for Sheik Mansour 's club to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United .   City have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for Sterling , who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .   The champions have also monitored vice-captain Jordan Henderson , who only has a season left on his Anfield contract .
One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .   The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club , on Baker Street in central London , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   Charity Bite-Back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after Jason Chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off .
A cafe owner has laid down a challenge to diners with a gut-busting morning meal that contains a whopping 4,000 calories .   Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   For # 7 , customers looking to get their day off to a jittery start will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg , with one half used as a bowl , served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate to support the structure .
The European Union will today accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .   In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , Europe could fine Google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies .   Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .   The 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 .   Mr Smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children ' .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane , with both the player and manager Mauricio Pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens .   But Adebayor 's wages will prove a key factor this summer , with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5.2 million salary before accepting a move .   However , Spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of Adebayor 's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .   Approaching the 30th anniversary of the Bradford City fire , it was inevitable I would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match I was commentating on for Yorkshire Television .   What I did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as Martin Fletcher has done with his book Fifty-Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire .
Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .   McIlroy was filmed battling with fellow Northern Irishman Dornan during a match of Circular Soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish .   McIlroy was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta where he overcame a slow to start to finish an impressive fourth .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .   Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .   Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .   The ice cream , The Tonight Dough , was named after the show by Ben & Jerry 's , and includes caramel and chocolate ice creams with chocolate cookie swirls and gobs of chocolate chip cookie dough and peanut butter cookie dough .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   The Australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .   Fairfax published an internal a memo sent by Captain Martin Gardiner , manager of base operations at Sydney , that details the airlines failings while insisting can staff improve their waning performance .   While Qantas ' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February , they are at serious risk of losing their landing spots at Heathrow before next flying season .
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer BT .   Starrs , along with fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   Both Starrs and Tamplin , 53 , who made # 124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses .   Tamplin was jailed for two years at January 's sentencing hearing , but Mr Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy ' - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a # 1,500 fine .
All eyes will be on Cristiano Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday .   The 30-year-old hit five in Real 's thumping 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   Ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in La Liga at the end of the season .   And going into Wednesday 's Madrid derby , Marca builds up to the match by focusing on Ronaldo .
Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .   Flintoff , speaking at the England and Wales Cricket Board 's NatWest T20 launch , sees a bright summer and lasting future ahead for ` probably the premier tournament ' in this country .   The dual Ashes-winning all-rounder is less convinced , however , about Pietersen 's prospects of forcing his way back into Test contention .   Pietersen already has three Ashes series wins on his CV but will be 35 before the 2015 edition begins , and Flintoff senses he no longer has age on his side .
Needless to say , we were disappointed to see Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr lose at the weekend against Andrzej Fonfara .   It was n't a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of Froch and Chavez fighting in Las Vegas -- a fight Carl wanted .   Now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what Carl does next .   There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline , Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell 's IBF world title fight against James DeGale , which is the biggest bout of this trio .
Eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO .   The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour on Saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared .
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .   Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred .   In a potentially incendiary move , Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .
Steve Clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist .   All of a sudden , there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes and a fire in his belly burned a little more fiercely .   As a Chelsea player and coach , Clarke has fought hard across the capital with Arsenal over the years but through the first-half at Wembley , his Reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents .   Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez , bought for a total of more than # 70million , combined to open the scoring .
England have finally arrived home from Turin after their delayed flight landed at Manchester Airport following Tuesday night 's 1-1 draw with Italy .   The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay .   Stopping in Manchester for the side 's northern-based players and staff before moving on to London , players from Manchester United , Manchester City , Everton , Liverpool , Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Barclays Premier League this weekend .   Wayne Rooney , Joe Hart , Chris Smalling , Phil Jones , Ross Barkley , Phil Jagielka , Jordan Henderson , Michael Carrick , Fabian Delph and Jack Butland were among the party leaving the plane in Manchester .
That 's not a light lunch , it 's just bad lighting , say administrators at a Virginia School standing up for their FLOTUS approved school meals .   A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .   Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .   ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said in a statement released to the media .
Rome -LRB- CNN -RRB- The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily , the Italian military said Friday .   The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -LRB- 56 miles -RRB- from the Libyan port of Misrata , according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces .   An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel , according to a statement by the Italian Navy .
A coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online .   Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother Jacques , 20 , in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web .   At Bolton Coroner 's Court today , Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way . '   The brothers , both from the Isle of Man , were found in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on 1st December last year after travelling to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford .
An amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white .   The effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related .   As non-identical twins , they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .   But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .
It was a tall order for workman but they have successfully completed the latest tourist attraction in China expected to draw the crowds .   The new ` Skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County , southwest China , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home .   The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .   Its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area - which is more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon in America .
Liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the FA Cup rather than Steven Gerrard , according to Reds legend Robbie Fowler .   Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading Brendan Rodgers ' side to the final at Wembley .   But ahead of Wednesday night 's quarter-final replay with Blackburn , Fowler has warned Gerrard 's team-mates not to concentrate on providing the 34-year-old with a fairytale ending to his Liverpool career .   Gerrard will miss the trip to Ewood Park as he serves the second match of a three-game suspension and Fowler hopes that Jordan Henderson and Co put their missing captain to the back of their minds
-LRB- CNN -RRB- Recently , a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .   In practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued .   As reliable as the U.S. mail is , regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers .
A telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by NHS doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .   When tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment .   Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust -LRB- UCLH -RRB- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -LRB- EBUS -RRB- allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .
England may be well on course to sealing their spot at Euro 2016 but it appears as if manager Roy Hodgson still does not know his best XI .   Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in France , assuming everyone is fit of course .   Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments section below .   England 's defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot .
The BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .   A new episode of mockumentary W1A , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .   The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .   Clarkson 's spokesman was unavailable for comment .
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races .   Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .   The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .   Under the rules of the bill passed in the state legislature , bail-bondsmen would no longer be allowed to accept the cards as payment .
A video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside , may be enough to scramble your brain .   YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! '   While the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .   In the video , Elman511 cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white .
-LRB- The Hollywood Reporter -RRB- Richard Dysart , the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick , long-running NBC drama `` L.A. Law , '' has died .   Dysart , who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize-winning `` That Championship Season , '' died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness , his wife , artist Kathryn Jacobi , told The Hollywood Reporter .   For playing the founder of the firm McKenzie , Brackman , Chaney and Kuzak , Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years , finally winning the trophy in 1992 .
Nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern , the winding track of Murodo looks like track that could be on Mario Kart .   However this steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .   The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .   The Murodo-daira area of Tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world , with the 65ft walls being created every year , and then melting by July .
A 31-year-old British woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the Bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip .   Louise Shepherd had been hiking through the remote Madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .   Ms Shepherd , from Cobham , Surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones , both 30 .   Her grief-stricken parents , Peter and Christine Shepherd from Cobham , Surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday .
Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister .   Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Miliband price ' for the same property .   Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the NHS .   Under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor Ed Balls , homeowners with properties worth between # 2million and # 3million will be forced to pay # 3,000 a year in mansion tax .
The family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home .   Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .   It came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West Lancashire , last year when they fell behind with their repayments .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night .   The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form .   Amid accusations of the team ` playing with their flip-flops on ' , United have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .   It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield , a venue at which they last won in 1994 .
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club Wolves moved Town closer to securing a place in the SkyBet Championship play-offs .   Despite Wolves bouncing back to take a point through Benik Afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a Richard Stearman own goal had given Ipswich a first-half lead , Town 's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining .   Former Wolves boss McCarthy was delighted with his side 's determined display and he said : ` It was a good performance and a good point .   McCarthy , who was sacked by Wolves in February 2012 after almost six years in charge of the club , insisted that he did not have anything to prove on his second return to Molineux .
An Australian kangaroo has hopped to it 's freedom , shocking onlookers in West Germany .   Police in Rhein Erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field .   They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call .   It was n't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided ` very believable ' answers , that the police realised that they were telling the truth .
Gloating as he relaxes with his AK-47 , these pictures show an al-Qaeda commander relaxing inside a palace in Yemen just days after terrorists liberated him from prison .   Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .   Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   Batarfi is among AQAP 's top regional commanders , known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops during which extremists seized large parts of the south and east of Yemen .
The sequel to the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy the novel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .   The Girl In The Spider 's Web , published worldwide on August 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .   The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   Mr Lagercrantz , known for co-authoring Swedish football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's autobiography , said the publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps .
Sunderland vs Newcastle United -LRB- Stadium of Light -RRB-   Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for Sunday 's derby clash with Newcastle .   Head coach Dick Advocaat has confirmed that Cattermole will be back against the Magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .   However , Advocaat will be without experienced defender Wes Brown , who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem , while midfielders Will Buckley -LRB- knee -RRB- and Emanuele Giaccherini -LRB- ankle -RRB- are still out .
But having taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life , the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism .   Sofia , the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich 's five offspring with second wife Irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   But now Sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .   Sofia is Roman 's daughter from his second marriage to Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina .
The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island , off South Korea 's southern coast .   On Thursday , the one year anniversary of the disaster , South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye called for the salvage of the Sewol 's wreck `` as soon as possible . ''
A Russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday .   The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .   Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow , on the White Sea .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of Real .   Yet , once the emotions have settled , Real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve .   United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract and his exploits in the Bernabeu will only strengthen their hand .
In 2008 , Naomi Jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   Overnight , she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .   The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on .   She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .
A prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing .   Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .   But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the US Government -- but it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the White House .   At least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to Google Maps .   A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely .   Mr Seely , from Seattle , told MailOnline that he created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems .
Then more ominously on December 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .   And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .   The latest high-profile digital incursion , in December , attempted to steal data from South Korea 's nuclear operator , including plant blueprints and personnel information .
This is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block .   The video - filmed by a passer-by in Shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports People 's Daily Online .   Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .   But before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in Germany .   The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .   The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30 pm .   Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .   A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12 .   McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. .   Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals .
An Ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a Holland America cruise ship docked in Puerto Rico .   The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press .   Cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .   He said the ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while .
A Washington high school teacher is being hailed a hero for tackling a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning .   No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey , about 60 miles southwest of Seattle , authorities said .   Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station .
The firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook 's site .   Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   Tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .   The firm has also used Facebook to boost its ` mutual friends ' feature .
Moors murderer Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .   The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .   Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley .   It comes four months after Brady - who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a Channel 5 News correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings .
They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .   The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .   The origin of the photos is not known .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle .   The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday .   Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .   Territory Duty Superintendent Brendan Muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
For the first time in the annals of boxing -- as Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao step on the scales next Friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .   This formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 when Ricky Hatton went to Las Vegas to take his Man Of La Mancha tilt at the Mayweather windmill .   No fewer than 30,000 of the Manchester Hitman 's army followed him across the Atlantic and thousands of them turned up for the weigh-in .   The atmosphere was electrified when Hatton yelled ` let 's be having him ' as Mayweather was about to follow him onto the stage .
Hillary Clinton 's now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs , Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials -- and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end .   Footage broadcast by KETV-7 in the nearby city of Omaha , Nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle .   Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if Scooby had been left unattended .   KETV trailed Clinton to the Main Street Cafe in Council Bluffs , and spoke to Pottawattamie County Democratic Chairwoman Linda Nelson .
A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .   Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .   Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .   The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' .
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of Sao Tope , off the Gabon coast .   The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   The Thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .   Sea Shepherd 's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean .
Guests attending a service in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the French .   Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .   But last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .   Napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths .
Doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .   The image , which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S , has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia .   University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz told Daily Mail Australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons .   ` They are suggesting that it 's the woman 's own fault if she need a caesarean .
Britain 's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .   The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices .   A further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .   More than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .
A teenager with a deadly brain tumour has raised the majority of $ 80,000 needed to fund his life-saving surgery .   With less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales has accumulated close to the target on hisGoFundMe page .   Three weeks ago Mr Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   Refusing to accept the dismal diagnosis , his family took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country , but insists he does n't need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger .   Ramsey 's QPR , who face Pulis 's West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday , are 19th in the Barclay 's Premier League table -- four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .   The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis 's 2013-14 campaign with Crystal Palace , in which they took 17 points from their final eight games to avoid the drop .   Indeed , Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp 's departure in February , but many of the Loftus Road faithful turned their noses up at his perceived long-ball tactics .
Brendan Rodgers has come out fighting after suffering Wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season .   Another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to Aston Villa but Rodgers said : ' I do n't think there is anyone better .   Liverpool have been putting in the hard yards on the Melwood training pitch in a bid to ensure they hit back from their FA Cup nightmare when they take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday .   The Reds welcome Adam Lallana back to the fold for the game against Tony Pulis ' team while Jordan Henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club .
A former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him , a court has heard .   Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .   This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .   The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties , reports NZ Herald .
According to specialist travel agency Planet Cruise , women regret their career choices more so than men .   Just under half -LRB- 47 per cent -RRB- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men .   More alarming is the fact that nearly half of women -LRB- 47 per cent -RRB- surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles .   Furthermore , one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to Earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over Britain and Ireland , experts say .   The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network -LRB- UKMON -RRB- in Portadown , County Armagh .   UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .   However , the group 's initial analysis of its trajectory , based on the 50 sightings that were reported to it , suggests that it may well have fallen into the Irish Sea .
Looking radiant , Daphne Selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .   Daphne said of the collection , in which she appears with 22-year-old Flo Dron : ` The & Other Stories ' collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist , all in lovely colours . '   The images show the new footwear which sees Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on .   At the time of the interview in 2011 Daphne , from Baldock , Hertfordshire , was still commanding # 1,000 per day for her work .
Traitor Edward Snowden has revealed he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked -- a move which put lives at risk from terrorists .   In a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency .   The former US spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda .   The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 -- less than a month after the murder of Lee Rigby by Islamic extremists -- when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents .
The guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn .   There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water .   Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .   Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   While in 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes -- today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .   She also eclipsed Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood -LRB- too feminine -RRB- and the Greens ' Natalie Bennett -LRB- too hemp -RRB- .
The image of Wembley , which overlooked his estate growing up , is clear amid a cluster of tattoos .   Rather than those two famous towers , synonymous with the national stadium for 77 years , it is the arc , unveiled in 2007 , that is unmistakable .   Back then , Sterling was a young kid dreaming of a career in professional football , playing jumpers for goalposts on streets and in parks .   Sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of # 100,000 per week from Liverpool , confident enough to express his views to the BBC without the knowledge of his club .
UEFA has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   However , FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .   Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up .   Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment ... and gave indirect free-kick instead .
A young waitress has claimed that England footballer Aaron Lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the VIP suite of a nightclub .   The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   The 28-year-old , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .   After taking part in Everton 's 1-0 win at home against Southampton on April 4 , Lennon is thought to have headed to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends .
A New York City skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes , their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   With these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like ' a Dickens novel ' , and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client .   But that has n't stopped skin-obsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location .
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers .   Hibs had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the Light Blues knew they had to respond .   They bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South , with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double .   Stuart McCall had suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager against Queens last week .
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills .   Total cost , according to his favourite website TMZ , is $ 25,000 .   As the value of the richest fight of all time keeps rising ever closer to the half-billion mark , so does the value of Manny Pacquiao 's target .   Mayweather has just spent $ 300,000 on yet another vehicle , according to his favourite website TMZ .
Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly , 67 .   Though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support .   It may sound as though Angela was struggling with a debilitating disease or catastrophic accident .   In fact , she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels .
Charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .   The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .   The bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run and today the organisers - Bournemouth Borough Council - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a ` gesture of goodwill . '
Here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views .   Toronto 's CN Tower is one of Canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .   At 1,815 ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers .   The transparent horseshoe-shaped cantilever bridge is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon .
It proved too much too soon for Paris Saint-Germain 's David Luiz as the Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain Thiago Silva in the first half against Barcelona .   What ensued was a night to forget for the former Chelsea man as he encountered ex-Liverpool ace Luis Suarez in an especially audacious mood for the Catalans , who take a 3-1 lead to the Nou Camp after the Uruguayan 's deadly double .   With his side already 1-0 down through the imposing combination of Lionel Messi and Neymar , the night went from bad to worse when Luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes .   Unfortunately for Luiz , both of the Uruguayans goals came about after Suarez cheekily nutmegged him and , unsurprisingly , internet jokers had a field day .
Chris Ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure Queens Park Rangers ' top flight status .   Rangers are in the drop zone of the Barclays Premier League with 28 points as they prepare for a London derby at home to West Ham .   ` If you win three games you 're probably going to stay up , ' said Ramsey .   He believes QPR 's chances of achieving these victories from games against West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester will hinge on their an ability to kick the habit of conceding late goals , like the one which turned a draw into defeat on their last outing against Chelsea .
An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .   The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .   The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .   Programme makers had hoped to use the drone to capture the enclosure from above .
A Missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born .   For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home .   When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .   But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .
It has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill .   Now New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` Spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .   Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week .   The cannabinoid , also commonly called ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .
The Red Cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into Yemen after receiving approval from the Saudi-led military coalition , an ICRC spokeswoman said .   The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis .   The coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space .   The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
A self-confessed neo-Nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table .   The outburst unfolded as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina after being extradited from Florida .   He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .
A mother set up a fight between her 13-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old girl , drove her child to meet her and then encouraged them to brawl , according to police .   Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in New Port Richey , Florida .   Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , Pasco County Sheriff 's officials said .   She is accused of sending a Facebook message to the older girl on April 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl , according to an affidavit .
The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .   But the Philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far .   ` Hello to all my fans in New York and thank you to Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for supporting Team Pacquiao , ' Pacquaio said via Instagram on Thursday . '   The duo are just the latest to show their support for the ` Pac-man ' ahead of his fight against Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next month .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3-1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control in the tie .   The double on Wednesday night took his tally to 17 goals for Barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games .   Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night , threading the ball between Luiz 's legs at pace , holding off a challenge from Maxwell and firing home .
A 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on Monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .   Alfred Guy Vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , on Prince Edward Island last August .   Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .   Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .
These rusting ` ghost ' ships are the last remnants of what was once the United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet , set to protect and serve in the hour of need .   The NDRF was set up in the wake of the Second World War , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States .   But as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .   At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites : James River , Virginia ; Beaumont , Texas ; Suisun Bay , California ; Stony Point , New York ; Wilmington , North Carolina ; Mobile , Alabama ; Astoria , Oregon ; and Olympia , Washington .
Confusion over Ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the Tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .   Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' -- but Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration .
A fight over stolen vegetables may have led to a British expat being murdered and dumped at the bottom of a well , French police fear .   The macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of David King , a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham , east London , who retired to Normandy 15 years ago .   His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south-west of Caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .   The alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area .
A rare Bentley which has lain gathering dust for years has been bought for almost four times its estimated value - but still needs a full restoration .   The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   More than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet .
Dozens of Jet Airways passengers experienced some frightening moments today when a plane 's landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at an airport in India .   The plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho .   The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   In statements posted on Twitter , Jet Airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue .
Family and friends who travelled from around the world for an Australian bride 's wedding instead face having to attend her funeral after she was allegedly murdered just a week before her big day .   Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson-Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .   But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .   Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   Mrs Miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders .   The mother-of-two was campaigning with her husband in the north west at several events .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor .   Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying : ` It would be a shame for Burnley to go down . '   Arsenal were made to fight hard for their eighth win in a row and Wenger said : ' I understand now why they took points from other teams like Chelsea and Manchester City .   Burnley have won only once in 11 games , a famous 1-0 victory against City , but Dyche still believes they can escape the drop .
A militant group which opposes both ISIS and the Syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   These men form a small part of Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria .   Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011 .   The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and their ongoing battle against President Bashar Al-Assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia .
According to the ABC , the largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres .   The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. .   All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .   Western Australia offers Innamincka , Macumba and Tungali in South Australia ; Helen Springs in the Northern Territory and Ruby Plains .
Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer .   The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .   Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club .   Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp
Now the Green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .   The video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   The song , Change The Tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition .   According to the Green party , the quartet ` sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking ' .
Since Herman Melville penned his novel Moby Dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .   Now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   The well-preserved skulls of two individuals were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama .
Teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way .   Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the National Union of Teachers -LRB- NUT -RRB- .   At its annual conference in Harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .   It is also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for ` coaching and cramming ' , depriving youngsters of their ` fundamental human right to play ' with their classmates .
A mother-of-two lost more than ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man .   Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .   However , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .   Kim 's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight .
But now a study says it 's not an instrument at all - but rather , simply a bone chewed by hyenas and left in a cave .   The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals .   The latest analysis was conducted by Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences .   In a paper published in the Royal Society of Open Science , he took a look at several ` musical instruments ' that had been attributed to Neanderthals .
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .   Froch had hoped to take on the Mexican this month in Las Vegas but a shoulder injury forced the Nottingham world champion to pull out .   Instead , Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night but has said he is open to facing the Brit later this year .   ` Chavez is back in action and hopefully he 'll do the business .
UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women 's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .   The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .   England 's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2 .   Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson , who is set to take the last minute spot-kick against Norway , earned some practice as she scored past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot from 12-yards .
Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid after the entrance the squad made to the Santiago Bernabeu .   French defender Raphael Varane uploaded an astonishing video to Twitter of the fire-hot arrival Madrid 's players were given from their supporters , who mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation .   ` Live from the bus before the match !   VIDEO - Scroll down to see Real Madrid 's welcoming from their fans
