With the confirmation of Danilo 's summer switch to Real Madrid , Porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .   Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country 's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans .   Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez .
A former Eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an MP despite dying two days ago .   Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   Due to stand as an independent , Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   An Electoral Commission spokesperson told The Sun Mr Carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .   Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association but it is as chairman of Everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered .   Under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners ' Cup , which is still the Toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   ` Sir Philip died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness .
The name Gary - once one of the most popular name in Britain - is now heading for extinction .   Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name , data from the Office of National Statistics shows .   That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain .   Helped by the popularity of actor Gary Cooper , there was a surge in Garys born in the US in the early 1950s .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- Recently , a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .   In practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued .   As reliable as the U.S. mail is , regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers .
England may be well on course to sealing their spot at Euro 2016 but it appears as if manager Roy Hodgson still does not know his best XI .   Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in France , assuming everyone is fit of course .   Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments section below .   England 's defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night .   The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form .   Amid accusations of the team ` playing with their flip-flops on ' , United have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .   It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield , a venue at which they last won in 1994 .
An Ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a Holland America cruise ship docked in Puerto Rico .   The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press .   Cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .   He said the ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while .
Moors murderer Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .   The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .   Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley .   It comes four months after Brady - who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a Channel 5 News correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings .
Now the Green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .   The video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   The song , Change The Tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition .   According to the Green party , the quartet ` sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking ' .
UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women 's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .   The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .   England 's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2 .   Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson , who is set to take the last minute spot-kick against Norway , earned some practice as she scored past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot from 12-yards .
