Called the Chevrolet-FNR , it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features .   The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .   It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .   Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future . '
This is the incredible moment a man narrowly missed being burnt alive by a massive fireball which erupted from the pavement .   Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands .   The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
A food supplier for supermarket giant Tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables .   A disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   The worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
Council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting Britain .   Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   But the HSE denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   Last night , former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion , now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England , accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
A Florida man wanted as a suspect in the murder of his own mother has been on the run from police since Saturday .   Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden .   The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .   He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
A Sicilian Mafia fugitive dubbed the Godfather of Uxbridge who was set to be extradited to Italy will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence was dropped .   Domenico Rancadore , who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .   In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .   But today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   Once he 's put an item in the machine , Baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner .   Baron was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school .
A British grandmother on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the Australian Bali Nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' .   Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad .   The Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal .
But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala .   It was August 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .   Bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .   As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20 , the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six-month ban .   The 27-year-old , who came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match , told the Daily Star Sunday : ' I was surprised how calm I was , with everything going through my head about doing the right things .   For the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them .
A holidaymaker who jetted off to Cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   Paul Armstrong , 26 , of Sunderland , flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager .   But after a spending spree on the trip , Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .   A court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to ` startle and repel ' .
A cafe owner has laid down a challenge to diners with a gut-busting morning meal that contains a whopping 4,000 calories .   Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   For # 7 , customers looking to get their day off to a jittery start will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg , with one half used as a bowl , served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate to support the structure .
The European Union will today accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .   In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , Europe could fine Google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies .   Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .   The 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 .   Mr Smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children ' .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .   Approaching the 30th anniversary of the Bradford City fire , it was inevitable I would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match I was commentating on for Yorkshire Television .   What I did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as Martin Fletcher has done with his book Fifty-Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire .
Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .   McIlroy was filmed battling with fellow Northern Irishman Dornan during a match of Circular Soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish .   McIlroy was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta where he overcame a slow to start to finish an impressive fourth .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .   Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .   Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .   The ice cream , The Tonight Dough , was named after the show by Ben & Jerry 's , and includes caramel and chocolate ice creams with chocolate cookie swirls and gobs of chocolate chip cookie dough and peanut butter cookie dough .
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .   Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred .   In a potentially incendiary move , Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .
That 's not a light lunch , it 's just bad lighting , say administrators at a Virginia School standing up for their FLOTUS approved school meals .   A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .   Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .   ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said in a statement released to the media .
Rome -LRB- CNN -RRB- The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily , the Italian military said Friday .   The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -LRB- 56 miles -RRB- from the Libyan port of Misrata , according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces .   An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel , according to a statement by the Italian Navy .
A telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by NHS doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .   When tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment .   Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust -LRB- UCLH -RRB- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -LRB- EBUS -RRB- allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .
The BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .   A new episode of mockumentary W1A , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .   The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .   Clarkson 's spokesman was unavailable for comment .
The sequel to the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy the novel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .   The Girl In The Spider 's Web , published worldwide on August 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .   The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   Mr Lagercrantz , known for co-authoring Swedish football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's autobiography , said the publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps .
They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .   The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .   The origin of the photos is not known .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle .   The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday .   Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .   Territory Duty Superintendent Brendan Muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
Doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .   The image , which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S , has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia .   University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz told Daily Mail Australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons .   ` They are suggesting that it 's the woman 's own fault if she need a caesarean .
Britain 's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .   The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices .   A further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .   More than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .
Rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to Earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over Britain and Ireland , experts say .   The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network -LRB- UKMON -RRB- in Portadown , County Armagh .   UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .   However , the group 's initial analysis of its trajectory , based on the 50 sightings that were reported to it , suggests that it may well have fallen into the Irish Sea .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .   Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   While in 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes -- today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .   She also eclipsed Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood -LRB- too feminine -RRB- and the Greens ' Natalie Bennett -LRB- too hemp -RRB- .
UEFA has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   However , FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .   Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up .   Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment ... and gave indirect free-kick instead .
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills .   Total cost , according to his favourite website TMZ , is $ 25,000 .   As the value of the richest fight of all time keeps rising ever closer to the half-billion mark , so does the value of Manny Pacquiao 's target .   Mayweather has just spent $ 300,000 on yet another vehicle , according to his favourite website TMZ .
These rusting ` ghost ' ships are the last remnants of what was once the United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet , set to protect and serve in the hour of need .   The NDRF was set up in the wake of the Second World War , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States .   But as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .   At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites : James River , Virginia ; Beaumont , Texas ; Suisun Bay , California ; Stony Point , New York ; Wilmington , North Carolina ; Mobile , Alabama ; Astoria , Oregon ; and Olympia , Washington .
A fight over stolen vegetables may have led to a British expat being murdered and dumped at the bottom of a well , French police fear .   The macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of David King , a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham , east London , who retired to Normandy 15 years ago .   His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south-west of Caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .   The alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area .
Family and friends who travelled from around the world for an Australian bride 's wedding instead face having to attend her funeral after she was allegedly murdered just a week before her big day .   Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson-Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .   But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .   Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .
According to the ABC , the largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres .   The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. .   All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .   Western Australia offers Innamincka , Macumba and Tungali in South Australia ; Helen Springs in the Northern Territory and Ruby Plains .
But now a study says it 's not an instrument at all - but rather , simply a bone chewed by hyenas and left in a cave .   The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals .   The latest analysis was conducted by Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences .   In a paper published in the Royal Society of Open Science , he took a look at several ` musical instruments ' that had been attributed to Neanderthals .
