-LRB- CNN -RRB- Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .   Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on May 12 .
A dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   Carrie Reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , The Sun reported .   Ms Reichert went on to claim that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss .
Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters .   Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history .   ` I 'm really excited about the rest of the year now .   It 's a good momentum starter for me , ' said Rose , who was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters . '
A couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in Hurricane Sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $ 250,000 in the lottery .   Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   The 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss , whose home in Brooklyn , New York , was also destroyed .   Ms Diano 's troubles first began when she stayed at home with her five cats during the storm brought on by Hurricane Sandy , which caused chaos when it hit 24 states in the US .
The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford 's Jonathan Law High School , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25 , 2014 .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .   After a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted , with smiles and joy . '
Following all his inspired charity work , Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy .   The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .   The 37-year-old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football .   The ` Didier Drogba Foundation , ' contribute financial and material support in education and health including school bags for the school children , as well as a medical clinic in his hometown of Abidjan , Ivory Coast , which will be opening its doors later this year .
By the time Bobby Zamora caressed the ball with sublime precision on the gallop to lob Boaz Myhill from the edge of his area , the impression was firm that even the highly improbable can happen .   This was quite likely the finest goal of Zamora 's long career , a strike of rare quality that never looked on seconds before the ball was in the back of the net .   Chris Ramsey will hope Queens Park Rangers ' season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory .   Written off by many , this victory , only a second on the road all season , claws QPR closer to safety .
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in Dunblane this weekend .   And despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of the game , the 27-year-old Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday .   There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .   ` There 'll be no celebrities as such , I do n't have any celebrity friends so it was n't something that was planned , ' said Murray , before he flew back after his Miami Open final defeat to runaway world No 1 Novak Djokovic on Sunday .
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal Kim Kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in America .   The Miami-based Latina , who has already been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   She describes herself as a ` mamasota ' , meaning ` hot ' or ` sexy ' in Spanish and is as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol .   Her Instagram profile ` Kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars or on speed boats .
Residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   They also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   Meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central London to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required ' .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- The victory of a 72-year-old former general , Muhammadu Buhari , in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics .   Buhari , who some 30 years ago was Nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been .   But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history .
The former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   Research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for Bulgaria , which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer .   The figures , compiled for the annual Post Office Holiday Costs Barometer , show the spending basket in Turkey is up by 21.4 per cent on last year , at # 65.70 .
An 18-year-old University of Carolina freshman who was found dead after a St Patrick 's Day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled .   Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday .   He is the son of Columbia attorney Charles Terreni , a former staff member for then-Lt .
A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .   Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from the Shiite Houthi rebels , who are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government .   Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal , the Saudi King Abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in Riyadh , the Saudi Arabian capital , a free Bentley .   Prince Talal , who owns $ 300 million stake in Twitter , apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted , the International Business Times reported .
Rory McIlroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the Masters .   The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era , those being Jack Nicklaus , Tiger Woods , Ben Hogan , Gary Player and Gene Sarazen .   The 25-year-old looked in good spirits on Wednesday when he was caddied by One Direction superstar Niall Horan and shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest .
Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious , says Joe Calzaghe .   It is being billed as The Fight of the Century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to Mayweather and Pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome .   ` There will be a lot more pressure on Mayweather than there will be on Pacquiao , ' he told BBC Sport .   The Welshman , who is now 43 , retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .
With the Premier League season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window .   Many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from .   Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June .   At 36 years old , he is no spring chicken , but Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side .
Ed Miliband 's US adviser pays no tax in Britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   And he will have been aware of Labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane , with both the player and manager Mauricio Pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens .   But Adebayor 's wages will prove a key factor this summer , with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5.2 million salary before accepting a move .   However , Spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of Adebayor 's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves .
All eyes will be on Cristiano Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday .   The 30-year-old hit five in Real 's thumping 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   Ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in La Liga at the end of the season .   And going into Wednesday 's Madrid derby , Marca builds up to the match by focusing on Ronaldo .
Steve Clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist .   All of a sudden , there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes and a fire in his belly burned a little more fiercely .   As a Chelsea player and coach , Clarke has fought hard across the capital with Arsenal over the years but through the first-half at Wembley , his Reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents .   Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez , bought for a total of more than # 70million , combined to open the scoring .
An amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white .   The effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related .   As non-identical twins , they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .   But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .
A video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside , may be enough to scramble your brain .   YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! '   While the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .   In the video , Elman511 cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white .
Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister .   Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Miliband price ' for the same property .   Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the NHS .   Under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor Ed Balls , homeowners with properties worth between # 2million and # 3million will be forced to pay # 3,000 a year in mansion tax .
Sunderland vs Newcastle United -LRB- Stadium of Light -RRB-   Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for Sunday 's derby clash with Newcastle .   Head coach Dick Advocaat has confirmed that Cattermole will be back against the Magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .   However , Advocaat will be without experienced defender Wes Brown , who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem , while midfielders Will Buckley -LRB- knee -RRB- and Emanuele Giaccherini -LRB- ankle -RRB- are still out .
But having taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life , the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism .   Sofia , the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich 's five offspring with second wife Irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   But now Sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .   Sofia is Roman 's daughter from his second marriage to Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of Real .   Yet , once the emotions have settled , Real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve .   United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract and his exploits in the Bernabeu will only strengthen their hand .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in Germany .   The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .   The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30 pm .   Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp
For the first time in the annals of boxing -- as Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao step on the scales next Friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .   This formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 when Ricky Hatton went to Las Vegas to take his Man Of La Mancha tilt at the Mayweather windmill .   No fewer than 30,000 of the Manchester Hitman 's army followed him across the Atlantic and thousands of them turned up for the weigh-in .   The atmosphere was electrified when Hatton yelled ` let 's be having him ' as Mayweather was about to follow him onto the stage .
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country , but insists he does n't need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger .   Ramsey 's QPR , who face Pulis 's West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday , are 19th in the Barclay 's Premier League table -- four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .   The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis 's 2013-14 campaign with Crystal Palace , in which they took 17 points from their final eight games to avoid the drop .   Indeed , Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp 's departure in February , but many of the Loftus Road faithful turned their noses up at his perceived long-ball tactics .
Here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views .   Toronto 's CN Tower is one of Canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .   At 1,815 ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers .   The transparent horseshoe-shaped cantilever bridge is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon .
It proved too much too soon for Paris Saint-Germain 's David Luiz as the Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain Thiago Silva in the first half against Barcelona .   What ensued was a night to forget for the former Chelsea man as he encountered ex-Liverpool ace Luis Suarez in an especially audacious mood for the Catalans , who take a 3-1 lead to the Nou Camp after the Uruguayan 's deadly double .   With his side already 1-0 down through the imposing combination of Lionel Messi and Neymar , the night went from bad to worse when Luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes .   Unfortunately for Luiz , both of the Uruguayans goals came about after Suarez cheekily nutmegged him and , unsurprisingly , internet jokers had a field day .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3-1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control in the tie .   The double on Wednesday night took his tally to 17 goals for Barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games .   Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night , threading the ball between Luiz 's legs at pace , holding off a challenge from Maxwell and firing home .
Dozens of Jet Airways passengers experienced some frightening moments today when a plane 's landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at an airport in India .   The plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho .   The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   In statements posted on Twitter , Jet Airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue .
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   Mrs Miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders .   The mother-of-two was campaigning with her husband in the north west at several events .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor .   Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying : ` It would be a shame for Burnley to go down . '   Arsenal were made to fight hard for their eighth win in a row and Wenger said : ' I understand now why they took points from other teams like Chelsea and Manchester City .   Burnley have won only once in 11 games , a famous 1-0 victory against City , but Dyche still believes they can escape the drop .
Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer .   The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .   Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club .   Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp
Teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way .   Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the National Union of Teachers -LRB- NUT -RRB- .   At its annual conference in Harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .   It is also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for ` coaching and cramming ' , depriving youngsters of their ` fundamental human right to play ' with their classmates .
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .   Froch had hoped to take on the Mexican this month in Las Vegas but a shoulder injury forced the Nottingham world champion to pull out .   Instead , Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night but has said he is open to facing the Brit later this year .   ` Chavez is back in action and hopefully he 'll do the business .
Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid after the entrance the squad made to the Santiago Bernabeu .   French defender Raphael Varane uploaded an astonishing video to Twitter of the fire-hot arrival Madrid 's players were given from their supporters , who mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation .   ` Live from the bus before the match !   VIDEO - Scroll down to see Real Madrid 's welcoming from their fans
