Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   The experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .   It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .
A mother has been arrested for referring to her African-American neighbors as ` apes ' during a dispute over a parking space .   Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' I am not racist ' .   She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move .
A Pole with convictions for violence was on his way to Britain from Calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today .   Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' .   She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .   Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .
Her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says Audrey Alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay .   It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family .   It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii .
Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   From a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .   But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Barclays Premier League if he opts to continue his career in England .   Klopp , 47 , announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund when the current season draws to a close , prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the Premier League .   Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past , is not in their sights , but Germany international Mertesacker insists Klopp would be a good fit in the English top flight .   But for all that a new challenge lies ahead for Klopp , Mertesacker admits he can not work out what has gone wrong to prompt his exit from Borussia .
A mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from Asda .   Paula Dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .   But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   Inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . '
The disgraced ESPN sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm .   Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia , where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend .   When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .   But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .
It 's a question explored by BBC documentary Inside Harley Street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it 's famed for attracting business from those who do n't have to consider the cost .   Michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   His mother , Joy , who never spends money on herself and wears # 5.99 shoes from Oxfam , is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance .
The televised debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia came to a crashing halt on Tuesday , when 74-year-old Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage .   It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor .   Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .
A Texas highway was thrown into chaos on Friday when the door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road .   Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .   The passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out .
The BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .   Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   In particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment .   However , despite the fact that Mr Elfwick 's Twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East .   Now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of ISIS-affiliated accounts , Twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   Twitter does not publish data related to the accounts it suspends , but NDTV Gadgets reported that the social network 's so-called ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by ISIS militants or supporters of the terror group on April 2 .
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket .   The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the Bangkok Post .   Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .
Islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . '   A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria .   The next photo , which is too disturbing to publish , shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .
A married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to IVF .   Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago .   The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth , Birmingham .   However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands .   Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013   Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
On Sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon .   For one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route .   Cancer Research UK runners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   Unfortunately Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
But for Nasr Bitar , it was his time to shine .   The college student spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   To get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the Street View map .   Having figured out the pattern the Street View car was following , Nasr parked his car , jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap .
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by Roy Keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks I 've ever experienced ' .   Higginbotham and his Black Cats team-mates were about to take on Aston Villa during the 2007-08 Premier League season when Keane sat them down in the home changing room at the Stadium of Light .   But instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them , the former Manchester United midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk .   In his new autobiography Rise Of The Underdog : My Life Inside Football , Higginbotham - who scored in Sunderland 's 1-1 draw with Villa that day - describes Keane 's attempt to motivate his players . ''
A four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to King Henry VII -- and it could now be worth millions .   The intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green , Chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   Oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   It was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson , a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted the item , which was listed as 19th-century gothic revival , on the internet .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- On the surface , the mix-up seems incomprehensible : How can a volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a Taser , killing a man ?   That 's apparently what happened in Tulsa , Oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , Robert Bates , killed Eric Harris .   In a well-publicized 2009 case , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser , killing 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland , California .
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the Coachella music festival over the weekend .   The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California .   A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake 's gig .
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   Using a human as their base , pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   The brief clip , set to ` Les Toreadors ' from ` Carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old Ace on his lap .   Soon , Aoki puts his legs in the air - and 28-month-old Holly hops on .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford .   With plenty at stake for both United and City -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub .   However , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .   Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday , accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh .   ` From now on , I am a former president of the ICC .   Kamal , also president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board , criticised the umpires in the quarter-final , and questioned their partiality , over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .   Kamal said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as ` unfortunate . '
Wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next Gordon Ramsay or Jamie Oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune .   The new winner of Masterchef Simon Wood , who won the title last Friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   While Simon , who lives in Oldham , learns about his cooking from reading and watching programmes , he sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven .
A high school student and her best friend , who has Down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message .   Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt and Mikenzy on its Facebook page on March 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .   Before prom , Mikenzy took it upon herself to make sure that Matt had the opportunity to be elected onto prom court .
Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike .   The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .   Images of the leaflet banning Nike clothing was shared online by the activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who translated it from Arabic .
Lorraine Bracco has revealed that The Sopranos creator David Chase wanted her to play the role of Tony 's wife Carmela and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi , his psychiatrist .   The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas , nine years previously .   Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .   Speaking about the untimely death of James Gandolfini in 2013 , Bracco said his passing was devastating and a wake up call .
A British barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes .   Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   Now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday .
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12 .   The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- # 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming .   It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch .   The announcement comes weeks after Apple cut the price of its Apple TV device from $ 99 -LRB- # 65 -RRB- to $ 69 -LRB- # 45 -RRB- in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of Google Chromecast .
But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin .   And so , relishing her final taste of freedom before the presidential campaign kicks off , the notoriously low-profile staffer enjoyed a family day out in New York - with another Mexican bite .   The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two-year-old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon .   The family was pictured inside at a table , where Weiner swung his New York Mets baseball cap backwards while he ate .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 , after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final .   Now mentor Ricky Wilson , his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora , Tom Jones and Will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success .   Series one winner Leanne Mitchell , mentored to success in 2012 by Sir Tom Jones , blew everyone away with her version of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You in the live final .   After being dropped by her label Decca , Leanne is now working in the job she thought she 'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea , Norfolk .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee .   Former Portsmouth ace Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead .   The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .   It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place , as United 's poor run of domestic form continued .
That 's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney , with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .   Make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo .   Meanwhile eyebrow-raising head wear frequently outshone the designs on parade - from perspex masks made to look like plastic bags blowing in the wind , to giant animal heads , and Ned Kelly-inspired head pieces .
Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world 's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month .   Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .   For Prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins - who will lead his own team in the race for the first time - is only the start of his ambitions .   The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand .
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England .   Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour , but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets .   Finn 's claims will be music to the selectors ' ears as they begin to fret about England 's fast-bowling stocks .   The 26-year-old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps , the last of which he won back in 2013 .
Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia , Alex Perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week , and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA , Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .   This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .   The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .   After the students behind her plunged into the orchestra pit , she was so shocked that she was unable to move , she said , and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City 's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer by declaring the Anfield club are bigger than their Etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .   Ahead of Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley , Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for Sheik Mansour 's club to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United .   City have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for Sterling , who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .   The champions have also monitored vice-captain Jordan Henderson , who only has a season left on his Anfield contract .
One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .   The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club , on Baker Street in central London , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   Charity Bite-Back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after Jason Chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   The Australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .   Fairfax published an internal a memo sent by Captain Martin Gardiner , manager of base operations at Sydney , that details the airlines failings while insisting can staff improve their waning performance .   While Qantas ' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February , they are at serious risk of losing their landing spots at Heathrow before next flying season .
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer BT .   Starrs , along with fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   Both Starrs and Tamplin , 53 , who made # 124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses .   Tamplin was jailed for two years at January 's sentencing hearing , but Mr Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy ' - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a # 1,500 fine .
Needless to say , we were disappointed to see Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr lose at the weekend against Andrzej Fonfara .   It was n't a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of Froch and Chavez fighting in Las Vegas -- a fight Carl wanted .   Now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what Carl does next .   There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline , Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell 's IBF world title fight against James DeGale , which is the biggest bout of this trio .
Eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO .   The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour on Saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared .
A coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online .   Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother Jacques , 20 , in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web .   At Bolton Coroner 's Court today , Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way . '   The brothers , both from the Isle of Man , were found in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on 1st December last year after travelling to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford .
Liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the FA Cup rather than Steven Gerrard , according to Reds legend Robbie Fowler .   Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading Brendan Rodgers ' side to the final at Wembley .   But ahead of Wednesday night 's quarter-final replay with Blackburn , Fowler has warned Gerrard 's team-mates not to concentrate on providing the 34-year-old with a fairytale ending to his Liverpool career .   Gerrard will miss the trip to Ewood Park as he serves the second match of a three-game suspension and Fowler hopes that Jordan Henderson and Co put their missing captain to the back of their minds
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races .   Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .   The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .   Under the rules of the bill passed in the state legislature , bail-bondsmen would no longer be allowed to accept the cards as payment .
-LRB- The Hollywood Reporter -RRB- Richard Dysart , the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick , long-running NBC drama `` L.A. Law , '' has died .   Dysart , who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize-winning `` That Championship Season , '' died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness , his wife , artist Kathryn Jacobi , told The Hollywood Reporter .   For playing the founder of the firm McKenzie , Brackman , Chaney and Kuzak , Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years , finally winning the trophy in 1992 .
Nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern , the winding track of Murodo looks like track that could be on Mario Kart .   However this steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .   The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .   The Murodo-daira area of Tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world , with the 65ft walls being created every year , and then melting by July .
The family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home .   Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .   It came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West Lancashire , last year when they fell behind with their repayments .
An Australian kangaroo has hopped to it 's freedom , shocking onlookers in West Germany .   Police in Rhein Erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field .   They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call .   It was n't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided ` very believable ' answers , that the police realised that they were telling the truth .
Gloating as he relaxes with his AK-47 , these pictures show an al-Qaeda commander relaxing inside a palace in Yemen just days after terrorists liberated him from prison .   Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .   Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   Batarfi is among AQAP 's top regional commanders , known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops during which extremists seized large parts of the south and east of Yemen .
The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island , off South Korea 's southern coast .   On Thursday , the one year anniversary of the disaster , South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye called for the salvage of the Sewol 's wreck `` as soon as possible . ''
A Russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday .   The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .   Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow , on the White Sea .
In 2008 , Naomi Jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   Overnight , she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .   The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on .   She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .
A prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing .   Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .   But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the US Government -- but it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the White House .   At least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to Google Maps .   A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely .   Mr Seely , from Seattle , told MailOnline that he created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems .
Then more ominously on December 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .   And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .   The latest high-profile digital incursion , in December , attempted to steal data from South Korea 's nuclear operator , including plant blueprints and personnel information .
This is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block .   The video - filmed by a passer-by in Shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports People 's Daily Online .   Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .   But before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge .
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .   A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12 .   McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. .   Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals .
A Washington high school teacher is being hailed a hero for tackling a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning .   No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey , about 60 miles southwest of Seattle , authorities said .   Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station .
The firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook 's site .   Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   Tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .   The firm has also used Facebook to boost its ` mutual friends ' feature .
A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .   Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .   Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .   The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' .
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of Sao Tope , off the Gabon coast .   The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   The Thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .   Sea Shepherd 's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean .
Guests attending a service in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the French .   Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .   But last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .   Napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths .
A teenager with a deadly brain tumour has raised the majority of $ 80,000 needed to fund his life-saving surgery .   With less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales has accumulated close to the target on hisGoFundMe page .   Three weeks ago Mr Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   Refusing to accept the dismal diagnosis , his family took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .
A former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him , a court has heard .   Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .   This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .   The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties , reports NZ Herald .
Looking radiant , Daphne Selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .   Daphne said of the collection , in which she appears with 22-year-old Flo Dron : ` The & Other Stories ' collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist , all in lovely colours . '   The images show the new footwear which sees Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on .   At the time of the interview in 2011 Daphne , from Baldock , Hertfordshire , was still commanding # 1,000 per day for her work .
The guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn .   There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water .   Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .
A young waitress has claimed that England footballer Aaron Lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the VIP suite of a nightclub .   The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   The 28-year-old , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .   After taking part in Everton 's 1-0 win at home against Southampton on April 4 , Lennon is thought to have headed to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends .
A New York City skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes , their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   With these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like ' a Dickens novel ' , and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client .   But that has n't stopped skin-obsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location .
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers .   Hibs had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the Light Blues knew they had to respond .   They bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South , with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double .   Stuart McCall had suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager against Queens last week .
Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly , 67 .   Though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support .   It may sound as though Angela was struggling with a debilitating disease or catastrophic accident .   In fact , she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels .
Charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .   The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .   The bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run and today the organisers - Bournemouth Borough Council - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a ` gesture of goodwill . '
An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .   The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .   The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .   Programme makers had hoped to use the drone to capture the enclosure from above .
A Missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born .   For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home .   When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .   But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .
The Red Cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into Yemen after receiving approval from the Saudi-led military coalition , an ICRC spokeswoman said .   The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis .   The coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space .   The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen .
A self-confessed neo-Nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table .   The outburst unfolded as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina after being extradited from Florida .   He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .
A mother set up a fight between her 13-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old girl , drove her child to meet her and then encouraged them to brawl , according to police .   Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in New Port Richey , Florida .   Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , Pasco County Sheriff 's officials said .   She is accused of sending a Facebook message to the older girl on April 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl , according to an affidavit .
The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .   But the Philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far .   ` Hello to all my fans in New York and thank you to Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for supporting Team Pacquiao , ' Pacquaio said via Instagram on Thursday . '   The duo are just the latest to show their support for the ` Pac-man ' ahead of his fight against Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next month .
A 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on Monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .   Alfred Guy Vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , on Prince Edward Island last August .   Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .   Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .
Confusion over Ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the Tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .   Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' -- but Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration .
A rare Bentley which has lain gathering dust for years has been bought for almost four times its estimated value - but still needs a full restoration .   The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   More than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet .
A militant group which opposes both ISIS and the Syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   These men form a small part of Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria .   Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011 .   The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and their ongoing battle against President Bashar Al-Assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia .
Since Herman Melville penned his novel Moby Dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .   Now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   The well-preserved skulls of two individuals were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama .
A mother-of-two lost more than ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man .   Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .   However , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .   Kim 's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight .
