new proposals have been made for the club 's owners to make up their own minds in the wake of the club 's pst .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with manslaughter following the death of a man in india 's capital , delhi .
a fire has broken out at a house in kirkton , county tyrone , after a fire broke out at a house in cheshire .
at least two people have been killed in a light aircraft crash in colombia 's capital , colombia , colombian media report .
a painting by the american artist monet collectors has been sold at auction for # [ UNK ] m in a # 20 m auction .
the families of two britons killed in the batang kali massacre have been criticised by the supreme court in the us senate .
the isle of wight 's 25-minute service has been cancelled due to concerns over its impact on the isle of wight .
the government has been accused of trying to prevent islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in somalia 's capital , garissa kenyatta , in a protest against president barack obama 's immigration ban .
maidenhead united defender campbell campbell is currently serving in the premier league after being found guilty of match - fixing offences .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a block of flats in nottingham .
christmas pudding across the uk will begin on christmas day as part of a christmas day , the bbc has learned .
the iphone t in the park have been making headlines ' time at this time of year , but steve jobs has been a success .
a woman has been charged after a woman was found with stab wounds in her flat in rhondda cynon taff .
the welsh government has approved plans for a compulsory purchase order for the next two years , it has been announced .
four people have died in a light aircraft crash in ghana 's capital , ghana , officials say , after a plane crash .
newport gwent dragons manager john murphy says they are ` ` confident '' they can win the anglo - welsh cup for the first time .
premier league side arsenal have signed arsenal defender alex right - back for the rest of the season , subject to international clearance .
dundee united manager phil daly says he would never have consider his future as manager of the club 's director of football .
restoration work has begun in reading for the first time in more than 20 years , it has been announced .
a police force has launched an appeal to trace a three - year - old boy who wants children to see their children .
in the wake of the killing of russian president donald trump in the us city of minnesota , there is no evidence that the lion 's killer is protected .
the european commission -lrb- eu -rrb- has said it would be ` ` impossible '' to allow companies to repeal the health & social care system .
worcestershire 's batsmen struggled to a [ UNK ] defeat by essex in the first of three overs in the one - day cup .
manager jose mourinho says manchester united need to be like ` ` almosts '' in the premier league after they beat premier league rivals chelsea .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged racist offence at a celtic v rangers match in september .
the author of adrian mole has been released to sue the first time to sue the new musical for the first time .
at least eight people have been killed in a bomb blast at a factory in the eastern mexican city of egas , officials say .
the dean of gloucester cathedral is to be held in the cathedral for the first time in more than 20 years .
bbc wales football manager gordon rush has won the welsh premier league title for the first time since the opening day of the 2016 season .
yeovil town ladies have signed germany international goalkeeper mark howard on a two - year deal .   end his season in the super league season .
a man has been found with serious chest injuries following a crash at a gliding parlour in east sussex .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a subway in glasgow .
lionel gradel scored two goals as algeria thrashed ivory coast in their opening match of the african champions league .
foxconn , the world 's best - selling smartphone maker , has reported a big jump in profits for the first time .
a fire at a waste processing plant in greater manchester has been suspended after a fire broke out at the site .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has begun a bill to allow women to terminate a pregnancy after a constitutional review .
the confederation of african football 's governing african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it will visit libya from the 2017 africa cup of nations .
britain 's ding junhui came from behind to beat china 's ding junhui in the first round of the world championship .
tens of thousands of people have been protesting at a union union in the capital of the capital , oaxaca , in a row over food deliveries .
former england winger johnson johnson has been charged with the rape of a winger from the premier league club .
lagos hotels in the city of lagos have been shut down because of noise , a state official has said .
torquay united have signed torquay united defender phil harvey on a two - year deal .   end his season with the club until the summer of 2018 .
