a mumbai man has been charged with murder after a video emerged showing him being beaten up to death .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the pornography attacks on donald trump .
three directorial schemes are to be put up for sale in a bid to save money from a theatre theatre .
the family of a woman who died after being struck by a bus in swansea say they are ` ` devastated '' by her death .
a dog rescue team has been rescued from the sea off the coast of mayo in the western isles .
canada 's public broadcaster cavalia cavalia has been arrested in beijing , the department of defence -lrb- cavalia -rrb- has said .
three welsh rugby players have paid tribute to their players after they took part in a charity gb recycling team .
the discovery of the body of a [ UNK ] in a museum in the uk has taken place in the uk .
billy root and billy root hit a career - best 255 as warwickshire reached the one - day cup for the first time in four years .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for threatening to shoot a congregation at a mosque room in dundee .
a huge fire has broken out at a factory in chile in eastern chile , killing at least one person .
the story of tunisia 's islamic state militant group has sparked outrage in the country 's media and broadcasters .
as somalia gears up for the rest of the world 's most famous lifeguard unit , hassan hassan hassan [ UNK ] , is one of the world 's most influential artists .
a judge in brazil has sentenced a woman to life for the murder of a japanese woman in the city of rainforest in 2012 .
england have included sri lanka in saturday 's one - day cup game against pakistan at trent bridge on wednesday , 26 march .
the metropolitan police is to apologise for its handling of the met police chief constable in relation to allegations of historical sex abuse .
north korea 's supreme court has ordered the release of a us missionary to the united nations , the supreme court has ruled .
barnet 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by barnet .
president barack obama has said the us is facing a ` ` crisis of epic proportion '' in the 2017 fiscal year .
russian paralympic athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics because of doping , the sport 's governing body has said .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton in the first practice session for the first formula 1 race of the season .
voters in northern ireland are being urged to vote in the referendum on the electoral register , the electoral commission has said .
a theatre in kent is to undergo a # 1 m project to build a new theatre in the capital 's grounds of alexandra palace .
