The service is available to Three customers travelling to the Republic of Ireland, Australia, Italy, Austria, Hong Kong, Sweden and Denmark. European authorities have been clamping down on roaming charges. But Three is the first network to abolish them altogether, albeit in selected countries, where it has sister networks. Three says customers on a pay monthly contract would be able to use their allowances of free minutes, texts and data with no extra charges for being abroad. However, those on unlimited plans will be subject to some restrictions. In a press release, Thomas Malleschitz, marketing director at Three, said: "By abolishing expensive roaming charges in select countries, we are allowing our customers to get even more value from their minutes, texts and data abroad by removing the fear associated with staying in touch while travelling." Analysts say that other operators of mobile phone networks are likely to follow Three's lead, particularly those who already have a presence in other countries. Matthew Howett, a senior analyst at consultancy firm Ovum, says the deal from Three is also interesting because it applies to nations outside the European Union, where there has been pressure from authorities to lower roaming charges. "Reducing roaming charges outside of that bloc will welcomed by many, since prices have remained stubbornly high in some countries," he said.
Croker starts at hooker for the hosts at Twickenham, with Amy Cokayne dropping to the bench. Ciara Griffin is handed her first Six Nations start at flanker for Ireland, while Paula Fitzpatrick moves to number eight and Heather O'Brien to the bench. Experienced fly-half Nora Stapleton comes in for Nikki Caughey, who will provide back-up from the replacements. Ireland, led by Tom Tierney, defeated Wales 21-3 in their opening fixture, but went on to lose 18-6 against France in Perpignan. England won their opening two fixtures, against Scotland and Italy. "Ireland is going to present a tough challenge this weekend and there will be no margin for error," said England's lead coach Scott Bemand. "Recent history testifies that our games have been fiercely contested and, as a group, we are very excited to play at the home." Tierney added: "While the result in France didn't go our way, I thought there were a lot of positives to take from that game and we will be looking to carry them into this fixture. "We made too many unforced errors in Perpignan, so if we can rectify that I think we have got a very good chance on Saturday. "Twickenham is a special place to play, so it will be a great experience for the girls, but it is important that we go there looking to perform and hopefully come away with a result." England women: Katie Mason (Bristol); Lydia Thompson (Worcester), Lauren Cattell (Saracens), Ceri Large (Worcester), Lotte Clapp (Saracens); Amber Reed (Bristol), La Toya Mason (Darlington Mowden Park); Rochelle Clark (Worcester), Emma Croker (Richmond), Vickii Cornborough (Richmond); Abbie Scott (Darlington Mowden Park), Emily Braund (Lichfield); Harriet Millar-Mills (Lichfield), Izzy Noel-Smith (Bristol), Sarah Hunter (Bristol) Replacements: Amy Cokayne (Lichfield), Heather Kerr (Darlington Mowden Park), Bee Dawson (Wasps), Tamara Taylor (Darlington Mowden Park), Poppy Leitch (Bristol), Bianca Blackburn (Worcester), Ruth Laybourn (Darlington Mowden Park), Leanne Riley (Richmond) Ireland women: Niamh Briggs (Munster); Elise O'Byrne-White (Leinster), Aine Donnelly (Leinster), Sene Naoupu (Connacht), Mairead Coyne (Connacht); Nora Stapleton (Leinster), Larissa Muldoon (Skewen); Ruth O'Reilly (Connacht), Cliodhna Moloney (Leinster), Ailis Egan (Leinster); Sophie Spence (Leinster), Marie Louise Reilly (Leinster), Ciara Griffin (Munster), Claire Molloy (Bristol), Paula Fitzpatrick (Toulouse). Replacements: Zoe Grattage (Munster), Fiona Hayes (Munster), Fiona Reidy (Munster), Ciara Cooney (Leinster), Heather O'Brien (Toulouse), Mary Healy (Connacht), Nikki Caughey (Ulster), Jackie Shiels (Richmond).
Derby City Council wanted to shut Moorways Pool from April in a bid to save about Â£350,000 a year. The Labour-led authority, which needs to save Â£79m over the next three years, said it had found the savings by making cuts in other areas. Campaigners who gathered more than 4,000 signatures on a petition said they were delighted at the news. Ranjit Banwait, leader of the authority, said the council had committed to keep it open for a year. He said the council had identified savings "in back-office areas" and a restructuring of management jobs, which had been "untouched" since 2010. However, he stressed if the authority failed to get a "fair deal" from central government in the future, the pool would still have to close. Campaigners had accepted the pool, which is 33m in length, was in need of repair. There are plans for a new 50m pool to be built by 2018 to replace it. However, closing it would have left only one other public pool in the city - the Queen's Leisure Centre, they said. Doug Whitlam, of the Derbyshire Amateur Swimming Association, said: "One of the main things for me would have been the loss of teaching. "Twelve hundred young people use this facility every week and that would be lost forever."
Negotiators for the two sides at peace talks in Cuba said they would ask the UN to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire. The UN has yet to agree to the proposal. The two sides have been holding peace talks for three years. Both sides say they hope to reach a final peace deal by March 2016. The BBC's Colombia correspondent Natalio Cosoy says the mechanism would only start to work once a final deal is agreed. However both sides have insisted the announcement is more than a mere formality, suggesting it should be read as a signal that a definite deal is close, our correspondent adds. "We have decided to ask the UN Security Council to create (a mission) of unarmed observers for a period of 12 months," the two sides said in a joint statement at peace talks in the Cuban capital, Havana, on Tuesday. They said the mission would guarantee that any ceasefire and disarmament would be genuine and permanent, reports say. Humberto de la Calle, the government's lead negotiator, described the announcement as a "transcendental" moment. He said it was an "unequivocal demonstration of our desire to end confrontation", according to the Associated Press. The joint announcement in Havana is a clear indication that the Colombian peace process is moving towards its final phase. Since the negotiations were launched in November 2012, the Farc has announced several unilateral ceasefires and urged the government to do the same. But even though the government has scaled down military operations recently, it has refused to join the Farc in a bilateral ceasefire. President Juan Manuel Santos has said repeatedly that the rebels must first agree to lay down their weapons and give up their armed struggle. Government and negotiators have now invited the UN Security Council to join them as an honest, reliable broker and oversee the end of the conflict. The two sides have invested too much politically to let more than three years of negotiations fail at such a late stage, when difficult issues such as justice for the victims have been dealt with. The Farc and the Colombian government seem to be working together now towards a safe, smooth landing. An estimated 220,000 people have been killed in the fighting between Farc and the Colombian military, which began in 1964. It is the longest-running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. Since official peace talks started in Havana in November 2012, negotiators have reached agreement on key issues such as the political participation of the rebels, land rights, drug trafficking and transitional justice. However it is unclear whether a final deal can be reached by the 23 March deadline set last year. In September, President Juan Manuel Santos and Farc chief Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, said they wanted an agreement within six months. But the Farc said last week that "substantial hurdles" were putting the deadline under threat. The request for a UN mission comes two days after Cuban President Raul Castro met with negotiators from both sides of the conflict.
In the three months to June 2014, there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption, compared with 1,830 in the three months to September 2013. The figures were released by the Adoption Leadership Board (ALB). The ALB says the drop in adoptions may have been influenced by recent court judgements in care and adoption cases. The board, which was established by the government as part of a shake-up of the adoption system, said applications for court orders allowing a child to be placed for adoption had fallen by 34%. There had also been a fall of 54% in the number of placement orders granted by courts, from 1,650 to 750, it said. In recent years, adoption figures had risen to record levels, with an increase of 63%, the ALB said. But last September, the most senior family court judge criticised the "sloppy practice" of social workers when bringing cases for adoption before the courts and said they were not looking closely enough at all the other options. President of the Family Division, Sir James Munby, also implied that, at a time of tight budgets, adoption may be seen as a cheaper option than helping troubled families or foster carers and warned about "resource issues" affecting local authorities' thinking. He said there had been four cases during 10 days in July alone in which judges had expressed concerns about inadequate analysis by social services in support of the case for adoption. ALB chairman, Sir Martin Narey, said these court judgements had been "entirely sensible". But he warned that they were being misinterpreted by local authorities who thought the law on adoption had changed. He told the BBC that the recent drop in children being put forward for adoption was primarily due to fewer local authorities deciding adoption was the best option for a child. "It's then been compounded by the refusal of some applications at the court," he said. Sir Martin said some councils seemed to have taken some court rulings to mean that if a child could remain in foster care, then "that will do", when in fact the best interests of the child must be pursued. Sir Martin said the drop followed two years of significant progress in finding more adoptive homes for the thousands of children waiting. The number of children adopted across the UK has risen from 3,100 in 2011 to 5,050 in the last year. The recent fall in children being put forward for adoption in England has prompted Sir Martin to issue guidance to clarify the meaning of recent court judgements. "It is clear from my discussions with social workers and managers in local authorities and in voluntary adoption agencies that there is a belief that the law has been fundamentally changed by a number of court judgements. "So I am pleased to produce this simple myth-busting guide - drafted by a senior queen's counsel - to what those judgements do and do not say. "I am extremely grateful to Sir James Munby, president of the Family Division, for his advice. He has seen the document and is supportive of its aim of dispelling the myths that have arisen." Messages included in Sir Martin's guidance reiterated that the legal test for adoption had not changed, and courts must be provided with expert, high quality, evidence-based analysis of all realistic options for a child and the arguments for and against each of these. Sir Martin said: "The board and I have published this guide to help everyone working for children understand the law around these complex cases, and be confident in making the right decisions for the child."
Mr Obama asked Congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices. Ferguson in Missouri was rocked by riots after a grand jury decided not to charge a white police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man. Protests spread across the US and a mass walkout was held on Monday. Students and workers held a lunchtime protest in several cities to highlight the issue. "This is not a problem just of Ferguson, Missouri. This is a national problem, Mr Obama said. "But it's a solvable problem." The president spoke after a day of meetings with mayors, civil rights leaders and law enforcement officials at the White House. They discussed a programme that currently provides redundant US military tactical gear to local police departments, free of charge. Mr Obama said he has asked federal agencies for recommendations to ensure the programme is not building a "militarised culture" in domestic police forces. Police in Ferguson, Missouri, were criticised for being heavy-handed in dealing with protests sparked by the shooting of Michael Brown in August. The funds requested by Mr Obama would be spread over three years and some of the money will go towards purchasing 50,000 body cameras for police officers as well as resources to reform law enforcement departments. Body cameras can provide evidence of encounters between police and civilians, particularly in disputed cases such as the Ferguson shooting. The president said the stories of discrimination that young people had told him at the White House on Monday "violate my belief about what America can do". He also unveiled a taskforce on modern policing, to be chaired by Philadelphia police commissioner Charles Ramsey. Also on Monday, a commission tasked with making recommendations on issues stemming from the fatal shooting has convened in Ferguson. The 16-member panel, stood up by Missouri Governor Jay Nixon, will consider changes in areas including public interaction with law enforcement and community stability. The officer who shot Brown in Ferguson, Darren Wilson, resigned from the force over the weekend. The decision not to charge Mr Wilson days earlier triggered a nationwide debate over relations between black communities and law enforcement. The policeman said he had feared for his life. Brown's supporters said the teenager was attempting to surrender when he was shot. Some witnesses said the 18-year-old, who was unarmed, had his hands up.
With a fifth successive title win all but wrapped up, the PFA Scotland Player of the Year says thoughts are now turning to defending the crown next season. "We're fired up again for next year," Griffiths said. "We've got five in-a-row and next year we'll look at making it six." Griffiths scooped the Player of the Year prize after a season in which he has contributed 39 goals, and is humbled to be marked out by his peers as the top player in the country in this campaign. "As a professional footballer to be voted as the player of the year is the main one, you are playing against teams week in week out and for them to vote you the best player in the country is special," said the Celtic striker. "I still have {my young player award} in the house. My mum's wanting this one, but she's not getting it." Griffiths' individual displays have kept Celtic's title defence on-track this season, but failure in the cup competitions and in Europe has left many fans disillusioned with the club, and questioning the direction it is heading. Failure to qualify for the group stages of the Champions League was an early-season blow, and a winless run in the Europa League did little to appease the Celtic support. Then came a League Cup semi-final defeat to Ross County and, most painfully of all, a Scottish Cup loss at the same stage to bitter rivals Rangers. These factors combined left manager Ronny Deila feeling he had no option other than to step down at the end of the current campaign. "We were disappointing," admits Griffiths. "The European campaign wasn't great and the cup defeat against Rangers - everybody said it was a disaster but you know we played one of our worst games of the season and we drew, but got beaten on penalties which we all know is just a lottery." "{Players} could've been performing better, you know we've lost silly points in silly games. We were beaten twice by Aberdeen, we've drawn a couple of home games we didn't score in but we still managed to wrap up a league title and that's the most important thing." The list of potential candidates to succeed Deila is a long one. David Moyes, Paul Lambert, Malky Mackay, Michael O'Neill, Brendan Rodgers, Neil Lennon, Roy Keane - just some of the names that have been linked with the soon-to-be-vacant Parkhead hotseat since Deila announced he would be exiting Parkhead in the summer. Griffiths has already paid tribute to the Norwegian for coaxing out of him the best form of his career, but says a new man in the dugout represents an opportunity for every player at Celtic. "Everybody in the changing room is going to have a clean slate," said the Scotland international. "There are players in the dressing room who will be in favour and others who won't be in favour and it will be up to them to work their way back into the squad. "I've had a good season so far but a new manager coming in will have his own ideas - hopefully I'm part of that plan." The football world has been captivated by the fairytale story of Leicester City defying the odds to become Premier League champions. Aberdeen did provide a challenge for the Premiership title, but the feeling among many was that Celtic, for all their shortcomings, would have too much strength in depth over the course of the season. So it has proved, and Griffiths is pleased that another Leicester-style underdog triumph has not unfolded in Scotland. "As players we are delighted with what Leicester have achieved as it shows why football is the best sport in the world. But we don't want any underdogs winning leagues up here, we want it to be us. "Aberdeen may have run us close this year, but ultimately we want to be Scottish champions at the end of the year." Celtic can clinch the title with a point when the Dons visit Parkhead at the weekend. "The boys are buzzing, we can't wait to go out and confirm ourselves as champions on Sunday. "We know there's going to be a big crowd coming and we want to send the fans home happy. Hopefully it's three points, we only need one, but we know Aberdeen will come down and make it difficult for us." Having established himself beyond doubt as Celtic's leading forward, Griffiths' next target is to gain the same status in the Scotland team. The former Hibs striker has seven caps to his name, but has yet to establish himself in Gordon Strachan's side, more often than not finding himself behind Steven Fletcher in the pecking order. Griffiths hopes the end-of-season friendly internationals against Italy on 29 May and France on 4 June will give him a chance to prove his worth before the 2018 World Cup qualifiers kick off with a trip to Malta in September. "I'm just happy to be back in the squad now and if I get a start I'll be buzzing, if not sit on that bench and wait my turn. "We've got a lot of good strikers all vying for that one place. You've got to be playing well and in favour so hopefully come the World Cup qualifiers I'll be that man."
French President Francois Hollande expressed "deep sadness" at the death of Huguette Dupeu in a statement. Most of the dead in the raid were foreign tourists. Two of the attackers were killed by security forces. A huge march against terrorism is planned for Sunday that will finish outside the Bardo museum. President Hollande is among those expected at the event in the capital Tunis. Lyse Doucet: Tunisia's test of transition . Cradle of 'Arab Spring' under threat . The museum's planned reopening earlier this week was postponed over security concerns. Schoolchildren and students were allowed in on Friday, with the general public to be readmitted Monday. The attack, claimed by Islamic State (IS), was the deadliest in Tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of long-serving ruler Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011. Over 20 people have been arrested in connection with the attack, although just two gunmen are thought to have carried out the raid. They are said to have been trained in Libya in an area controlled by IS. The Tunisian Prime Minister, Habib Essid, has admitted "shortcomings" in the country's security system and has dismissed six police chiefs over the attack.
Apart from good chefs, many restaurateurs will tell you that an excellent menu boasting many scrumptious dishes is a must. That seems like a good formula but not everyone would agree. Some Indian restaurants have relied on one signature dish to become legendary among food lovers. The BBC's Vikas Pandey profiles five such restaurants across the country. Giri Manjas has established itself as an institution in the southern coastal city of Mangalore. It's a small eatery and people have to often wait patiently for their turn to eat its signature fish fry. Seating only 25 people at a time, Giri Manjas serves around 200-300 portions of fried fish to its customers every day from 11am to 9pm. The restaurant's owner, Nandini M Pai, says the secret of the popularity of her famous dish is "freshness and love". "We always use fresh fish and spices and we still have the same cooks who started this journey with us 40 years ago. And we serve the dish with a lot of love," she says. Ms Pai adds that she has no ambition of opening more branches of her famous restaurant because "it's a tiny place for Mangaloreans and we are happy with that". To find Alamgir restaurant, you literally have to embark on a treasure hunt along the tiny winding bylanes of old Lucknow city in northern India. But the hard - and often confusing - work is worth it just for the mouth-watering taste of bund gosht, which literally translates from the Hindi as "closed meat". The owner of Alamgir Mujeeb Ahmed, 30, claims his father Rasheed Ahmed invented the famous dish in 1963. He explains that the dish is named bund gosht because "the meat, spices and herbs are mixed and then cooked in a sealed pot for hours on a low flame". However Mr Ahmed is not as forthcoming about the actual recipe, saying it is a "closely-guarded" secret. "The recipe stays in the family. I learnt how to cook it from my father when I was 10 years old," he says. This is the 16th article in a BBC series India on a plate, on the diversity and vibrancy of Indian food. Other stories in the series: . Tasting India's coveted holy sweet . The street food so good, it is waved through airport checks . The Indian state that is obsessed with beef fry . The dark history behind India and the UK's favourite drink . Why this Indian state screams for ice cream . The dosa, a crispy, savoury pancake, is a staple dish in most restaurants in southern India. But if you are trying to find one of the best dosas in in the region, do pay a visit to the city of Mysore. More than 80 years have passed since the first Mylari dosa was served in this tiny restaurant, but very little has changed, including the taste. Unlike most other dosa variants, the Mylari is moist and almost melts in your mouth. And the coconut-based chutney that accompanies the dosa also has a unique taste. But when asked what goes into making it, the proprietor M Rajashekar says "let it be a secret". The recipe was invented by his father N Mylareshwara Swamy. "Our recipe hasn't changed. My mother is 74 but she still keeps a very close eye on the ingredients to ensure that our taste remains the same," he says. The samosa, a savoury pastry often filled with potato, spices and onions, is one of the most popular street snacks and is sold in tiny shops across the country. But in the 1920s, Hari Ram gave the snack a radical twist, inventing what is now known as the "Hariram samosa". He used finely-ground spices as the filling and added some herbs to the pastry. The result was a mouth-watering dish which made the shop an instant hit in the entire region. More than 90 years later, his son, Sri Ram, continues his legacy. "Our samosas are different because you can keep them for a month, unlike normal samosas, which you have to eat on the same day," he says. But again, he refuses to reveal the recipe. "Forget the recipe and just enjoy the samosa. I will ensure that my family continues to run this shop even after I am gone and that too without changing the recipe," he says. Babu Bawarchi is a landmark for food lovers in Delhi. The humble shop has been selling its unique biryani, a one-dish meal made of rice, aromatic spices and meat, since 1967. The shop's main chef and owner, Moinudeen, says he is the fourth-generation chef of his family. "My father invented the recipe of our biryani and I learnt it when I was 12-years-old, but only after four years of hard work," he says. "Our recipe is complex and involves several stages of cooking. I don't mind sharing it with you, but you will need at least five years to master it under the watchful eyes of a senior chef," he explains. He adds that he wants to keep the shop small and humble to ensure that "everybody, rich or poor gets to taste the biryani". "If you haven't eaten biryani, you haven't lived," he says. Additional reporting by BBC Monitoring's Aditi Mallya .
Walker, who has 27 caps and spent eight seasons at Spurs has signed a five-year deal with City. The deal, which comes to £50m including £5m of add-ons, could make him the most expensive English player ever. "I am thrilled to be signing for City and can't wait to get started," said Walker. "Pep Guardiola is one of the most respected managers in the world." Walker, who joined Spurs from Sheffield United in 2009 and made 183 Premier League appearances, added: "I feel he can help me take my game to a new level." The 27-year-old, who will wear the number two shirt, is expected to travel with City on Monday for their tour of the USA. City boss Guardiola released three full-backs at the end of last season, including both right-sided players - Pablo Zabaleta and Bacary Sagna. He missed out on the signing of free agent Dani Alves, with the Brazilian joining Paris St-Germain on Wednesday. Walker, selected in the 2016-17 Premier League team of the year, is City's third signing of the summer, after the arrivals of midfielder Bernardo Silva and goalkeeper Ederson Moraes. Walker made 31 league starts under Mauricio Pochettino last season as Tottenham recorded their highest top-flight finish since the 1962-63 season. The right-back recorded five assists for the Premier League runners-up, the joint-most for a defender in the division alongside Bournemouth's Adam Smith and Spurs team-mate Kieran Trippier, who made six of his 12 appearances from the bench. Walker also ranked highly among chances created by defenders and his 75 dribbles attempted was only less than Cherries full-back Smith (87) and Watford's Jose Holebas (88). Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker on Twitter: . Kyle Walker becomes the world's most expensive defender at £50m plus. Imagine how much he would cost if he could cross the ball. Former Spurs midfielder and Match of the Day pundit Jermaine Jenas‏ on Twitter: . I think it's great business for City. I am surprised Spurs are selling to a direct competitor. He's been a huge part of why Spurs have had one of, or the best defence in the league for two years. This content will not work on your device, please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser . This content will not work on your device, please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser . Premier League clubs' spending has already surpassed £500m since the end of last season, with Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez calling this summer's transfer window "a little bit crazy". "Every Premier League club now has more money and are willing to spend that on players," said Chris Stenson, a senior consultant from Deloitte's sports business group. "It is the wealthiest league in the world and increasing its value makes it more attractive to sponsors and commercial partners. "So far we estimate Premier League clubs have spent about £500m in the transfer window, compared with £340m at the equivalent stage last year." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The patrols at Camber Sands in East Sussex will be funded with Â£51,000 allocated by Rother District Council as part of its annual budget. Councillor Sally-Ann Hart said the council needed to act after the "significant and unprecedented" deaths. Families of the men who drowned said a lifeguard service could have saved their lives. Five men died during a day-trip to the beach last August. A month earlier, two others also lost their lives. The council said the beach attracted more than one million people each year. It said lifeguards would be present from the late May bank holiday until the end of the summer holidays "to offer reassurance" to visitors. Speaking after a council meeting on Monday night, Mrs Hart, the cabinet member for tourism, said: "Our thoughts remain with the families of those who lost their lives. "The incidents were significant and unprecedented and we need to react to the changing circumstances. "We not only need to protect the visiting public, but also the economy and livelihoods of our coastal tourism businesses." However, she stressed the importance of "people from all communities across Britain being better informed" on beach and water safety before they visit. She said: "[The beach] can never be completely risk-free but we are committed to investing in our beach patrol, the lifeguard service and working with other agencies to ensure visitors to the beach are aware of the dangers of the sea." Full inquests into the deaths are awaited. The council said it would act on any recommendations the coroner might make. Five men from south-east London died on 24 August: . Two others lost their lives in July: .
It is likely to include a scrappage scheme for older diesel cars in areas with high levels of dirty air. Speed bumps could be removed in some cities to cut pollution from cars slowing down and speeding up. Environmental lawyers ClientEarth said they would "thoroughly analyse" the proposals. According to the Royal College of Physicians, air pollution across the UK is linked to around 40,000 premature deaths every year. The UK has struggled to keep within EU limits on some pollutants, particularly nitrogen dioxide (NO2), which is produced by diesel engines and is linked to a range of respiratory diseases including asthma. Some 37 of the 43 regions of the UK are in breach of NO2 limits. Under earlier government plans, some parts of the UK would not have met EU NO2 standards until 2030. The original deadline to achieve these limits was 2010. Exasperated by what they believed was government foot-dragging on the question of cleaner air, ClientEarth mounted a legal challenge to force faster action. In April 2015, the UK Supreme Court ruled the government had to take immediate steps on the issue. Unhappy with the timescales in the plan that was then produced, ClientEarth went to the High Court last November for a judicial review. Once again the court supported the lawyers, telling the government that its scheme was "woefully inadequate" and giving ministers until 24 April this year to produce a new draft. With a general election in the offing, the government last week asked the judge for permission to delay the draft plan. But Mr Justice Garnham disagreed and ordered publication by 9 May. "These steps are necessary in order to safeguard public health," he said. Earlier this week, the government said it would not appeal against the ruling and would publish. In their previous plans, ministers wanted to create "clean air zones" in five cities outside London with high levels of NO2. Only the most polluting vehicles would have to pay a charge to enter the zone under that scheme. The new draft plan is expected to create many more such zones. Councils will be given the power to impose fines or restrictions on all polluting vehicles in these areas. In the worst cities, so called "toxin taxes" could range up to Â£20 a day but the government is said to be keen not to punish drivers who bought diesels as a result of incentives brought in by a previous Labour administration. This is something that the lawyers at ClientEarth support. "Successive governments have encouraged people to buy diesel. We don't want to see diesel drivers vilified, and we think the plans should also include properly funded incentives to help people move to cleaner forms of transport," said ClientEarth CEO James Thornton. "We will thoroughly analyse the government's draft plans when they are produced. If we do not think they are in line with the court order, to deal with illegal levels of pollution as soon as possible, then we will consider our next steps." According to newspaper reports, the government has agreed to back a "targeted" scrappage scheme for older diesel cars, but limited to vehicles in areas of high pollution. There may also be funding for a retrofitting scheme to help existing diesel car and van owners cut their emissions of NO2. The government is also said to be pushing for councils to use alternatives to charging, including the removal of speed bumps in some places and the better sequencing of traffic lights in others. Both of these measures could limit cars having to slow down and speed up repeatedly, actions that can almost double the amount of NO2 produced. However, the idea that speed bumps which slow down traffic would be sacrificed to help clean up the air we breathe is not a welcome concept according to road safety charity Brake. "We ought not to be made to choose between having cleaner air and safer roads," a spokesman said. "The evidence shows that air pollution is contributing to the early deaths of thousands of people. It's now clear that there's more than one way a car can kill you." The new proposals will be out for consultation for six weeks before the government produces a final plan at the end of July. Follow Matt on Twitter and on Facebook.
Carwyn Jones told The Guardian newspaper that people's "sense of disengagement with Brussels" could attach itself to London after Brexit. The UK government said it will trigger the Article 50 process on March 29. Mrs May, visiting Swansea, promised to seek the "best possible deal" that would work for everyone across the UK. Mr Jones told The Guardian the prime minister had a "tin ear" on matters of devolution. He warned the future of the UK could be under threat if the UK government did not listen to the other administrations. "If they are not careful, people's sense of disengagement with Brussels will simply attach itself to London," he said. "They are giving the impression sometimes that they do not listen. "And what kind of message is that to the people of Wales?" Amid calls in Scotland for a second referendum on independence, the first minister said Wales needed to see a "dividend" for his government's continued support of a United Kingdom. "Otherwise people in Wales are going to start saying, well, the government is listening to the Scots, we need to be like them," he said. "And that's a dangerous path for the UK." Last week, Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced her intention to seek approval for a second independence referendum, to be held between Autumn 2018 and Spring 2019. Mr Jones met Mrs May in her visit to Swansea on Monday, during which she also signed the Â£1.3bn Swansea Bay Region city deal. Following the meeting, the first minister said the talks had been "constructive". "It was made clear that Welsh interventions had helped change and strengthen the UK positions on transition arrangements and on workers' rights," Mr Jones said. He called for more "partnership working" in the vein of the city deal as Article 50 approaches. Mrs May said she wanted to get "the best possible deal for the United Kingdom that works for everyone across the United Kingdom". She said the objectives included a "good free trade deal" and co-operation on matters such as security. Later in the afternoon, Mr Jones warned the assembly's constitutional and legislative affairs committee there could be Supreme Court challenges if the UK government took back powers from Europe and then decided which were to be devolved. "I think that's wrong," he said. "That's not the way we read our devolution settlement. It is the way that many in the UK government see it." He also told the committee, meeting in Newport, that it was "not always clear" that the Wales Office had "much influence" within the UK government.
The sculpture, depicting a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape, was crowned winner of the Cornwall Beach Games sandcastle competition. But Devon and Cornwall Police was criticised after boasting officers tweeted about their victory. Labour councillor Hannah Toms said some would find it "very offensive". The force said it was a "fun event" and officers had not intended to cause any offence. Ms Toms acknowledged officers had intended to be "light-hearted" but said the sandcastle "somewhat misses the mark and is in a bit of poor taste". "I like a joke as much as the next person but this is a family beach event," she said. "As a parent I would not be very happy to explain to my child what it was all about. "It's trivialising quite a serious matter." Ms Toms added: "I think there's a level of sexual stereotyping with the large bottom and the large breasts. Police have been working really hard to break down barriers on reporting sex crimes and I don't think this image really helps their cause." Reaction on social media was mixed, with some defending the sandcastle. Hazel Jago said on Facebook: "So it's a team of police officers representing the type of work they deal with. What's the problem!? There is always someone that will whinge about something." Lorraine Lardon said: "People need an injection of humour." A spokesman for Devon and Cornwall Police said: "If any offence has been cause by the nature of the sculpture, this was never intended and we apologise for that."
The boy, named locally as Reggie, was attacked at a house in Falkland Road at about 04:15 BST. He was taken to hospital where he later died. Police said the small terrier dog had been removed from the address and was likely to be destroyed. Northumbria Police said a 30-year-old man had been arrested in connection with the incident. A family member, who did not want be identified, said the baby's mother - named locally as Maria Blacklin - was not in the house when the youngster was attacked. The man said the baby's mother never left her son alone with the dog and she was devastated by what had happened. A neighbour said the baby was a "lovely bairn". She said: "They're all right [the family], they're no bother and his wife, she looks after them bairns, she was over the moon with her little boy. "It's a shock more than anything else, I cannot get over it. It's shocking." Flowers have been laid against the front wall of the house, along with cards bearing messages of support. Superintendent Gillian Mitchell said: "As you can appreciate, we have concerns with regards to the care of the child at the time this incident occurred. "They [the family] are absolutely devastated as you would imagine, it's tragic to lose a child at any stage, but in these circumstances it is just unbelievable. "They are receiving support... it is a very difficult time, the officers attending the scene this morning were faced with quite a significant incident to deal with. "It's a tragic isolated incident and our thoughts are with the family and friends of the baby and indeed our officers who have dealt with this incident." Police said additional officers were in the area to provide reassurance to support the public during an "horrendous time in the community". A police car remains parked directly outside the front of the property. Police said the family's dog posed no threat to the wider public and is now in secure kennels. More than 200,000 people a year are estimated to be bitten by dogs in England, according to research for the British Medical Journal. Since 2005, 22 people have been killed by dogs in the UK, 12 of them children, according to the Office for National Statistics. Everybody you speak to in this quiet tree-lined street knows the family of little Reggie. His proud mum had introduced him to their neighbours in recent days. They also knew the family had a dog, a small terrier which they believed had a good temperament. It obviously didn't. Those same neighbours have spent the afternoon leaving flowers outside the three week old baby's home - many of them in tears. "He was a bonny little lad", one of them remarked. A relative came by to tell us the terrier dog was usually kept in a brick outhouse at night. He couldn't understand why the dog was in the house. He also told us the dog was always well behaved around the other children in the home. The animal is now being kept in secure kennels while police continue their investigation. Meanwhile, a family is trying to come to terms with the loss of their new born child in such horrific circumstances.
Northampton's North has a hamstring injury while Leinster's Henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle. Both were injured during Tuesday's 31-31 draw with Hurricanes. Neither featured in the Lions' opening Test defeat and they will leave the tour party after Saturday's second Test in Wellington. Media playback is not supported on this device . North, 25, starred with two tries in three Test appearances when the Lions beat Australia 2-1 in the 2013 series. Henshaw, 24, was on his first Lions tour, having played 29 times for Ireland. Lions coach Warren Gatland said: "It's unfortunate with Robbie doing the pectoral muscle, which puts him out so he's heading back to Ireland - I think he has an operation on Monday. "And then George with the hamstring as well. It's unfortunate for him and his tour is over as well." However, Gatland says the Lions have been "lucky" overall. Scotland full-back Stuart Hogg was first to leave the tour after suffering a facial injury in their third tour game. He was followed by Wales back-rower Ross Moriarty, who succumbed to a back problem. The Lions lost the series opener 30-15 in Auckland, and go into the second Test in Wellington on Saturday with captain Sam Warburton coming in on the flank. Gatland has also brought in Johnny Sexton at fly-half with Owen Farrell moving to inside centre.
A San Francisco judge has placed January's executive order in limbo, but the White House is vowing to appeal. San Francisco and Santa Clara County sued in February. The Trump administration has warned so-called sanctuary cities they could lose federal funds if they do not co-operate with federal immigration officials. On Tuesday, Judge William Orrick issued a temporary injunction against the presidential order as the case continues in the courts. "It's the 9th Circuit going bananas," White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said, in reference to the San Francisco-based appeals court, which conservatives often accuse of liberalism. Mr Trump's measure cast doubt on the transfer of some $1.2bn (Â£940m) for San Francisco and $1.7bn to Santa Clara County, home to many Silicon Valley communities. It is another legal defeat for President Trump in his efforts to curb immigration - his plan to curtail travel from seven Muslim-majority nations was twice blocked in federal courts. Lawyers for the federal government had argued in the sanctuary cities case that only funding related to law enforcement would be withheld. But Judge Orrick said any doubt about the scope of the "vague" order was erased by public comments made by President Trump, such as those calling the measure a "weapon" to use against jurisdictions that disagree with his immigration policies. He accused the Trump administration of a "schizophrenic approach" to the order. The 49-page court ruling added that the plaintiffs challenging President Trump's order are likely to succeed in proving the order unconstitutional. "Federal funding... cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the President disapproves," the judge wrote. However, Judge Orrick's ruling allowed the justice department to follow through with threats made to nine cities last week to cut specific programme grants if they do not adequately co-operate with federal immigration officers. In a press release last week, the department accused sanctuary cities of "crumbling under the weight of illegal immigration and violent crime". There are several sanctuary cities across the US, including Mr Trump's home of New York. New York's Mayor Bill de Blasio praised Tuesday's ruling, saying the president went beyond his authority to cut funding to cities that "don't share his illogical and unconstitutional desire to scapegoat immigrants". Trump starts a 'sanctuary city' war with liberal America .
Former Dons midfielder Sheerin, 39, has been player-manager at the Red Lichties since 2010 and replaces Neil Cooper at Pittodrie. Arbroath were relegated to Scottish League Two after finishing season 2013-14 bottom of League One. Aberdeen chief executive Duncan Fraser said boss Derek McInnes chose Sheerin after "a comprehensive process". Speaking on the club's website, Fraser added: "Despite wishing to retain Paul's services, Arbroath chairman John Christison was good to deal with and completely appreciated Paul's desire to come back to Aberdeen." Sheerin played for several Scottish clubs and also featured for Östersunds in Sweden before moving into coaching. He won a Scotland Under-21 cap in in the mid-1990s. Sheerin guided the Arbroath to their first national trophy in their history by winning the Scottish Third Division title and promotion in 2011.
Thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the Great Pyramid. Officials said possible causes included the existence of empty areas inside the pyramid, internal air currents, or the use of different building materials. It comes as experts search for hidden chambers within the pyramids. The tombs of the pharaohs Khufu (Kheops), Khafre (Khephren) and Menkaure (Mycerinus) were built in the Fourth Dynasty, about 2613-2494BC. A team of architects and scientists from Egypt, France, Canada and Japan used infrared thermography to survey the pyramids during sunrise, as the sun heats the limestone structures from the outside, as well as at sunset when they cool down. In a statement, the Egyptian antiquities ministry said the experts had "concluded the existence of several thermal anomalies that were observed on all monuments during the heating-up or the cooling-down phases". "To explain such anomalies, a lot of hypotheses and possibilities could be drawn up: presence of voids behind the surface, internal air currents," it added. An "particularly impressive" anomaly was found at ground level on the eastern side of the Great Pyramid, also known as the Pyramid of Khufu, the statement said. "The first row of the pyramid's stones are all uniform, then we come here and find that there's a difference in the formation," Antiquities Minister Mamdouh al-Damati said as he showed reporters the three stones showing higher temperatures. Other thermal anomalies were detected in the upper half of the Great Pyramid. The structure will be the subject of further investigation during the Operation Scan Pyramids project, which began on 25 October and is expected to last until the end of 2016.
Their remains were found in a single grave in Coghalstown, County Meath, in the Republic of Ireland in June. Mr McKee's sisters said they were glad that 43 years after his death they can bury him with their mother. The Disappeared are victims murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Northern Ireland conflict. Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright were both IRA members who were abducted and murdered by the organisation in 1972. Their bodies were found unexpectedly during a search for another of the Disappeared, Joe Lynskey. After the official identification, Mr McKee's sisters, Maria and Philomena, told the BBC: "It is bittersweet news that our brother's remains have been identified. "The news has hit us with the shock of reality, even though we were expecting it. "We are so so glad that, after 43 years, he will now be buried with our mother who never recovered from his disappearance." Over the past 16 years, the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains (ICLVR) has searched for 16 people who were officially listed as the Disappeared. The remains of 12 of the victims have been recovered and formally identified to date. In a joint statement, ICLVR commissioners, Sir Ken Bloomfield and Frank Murphy, said they had received the results from DNA samples. "The results positively indicate that the remains are those of Seamus Wright and Kevin McKee," the statement said. "Dr Brian Farrell, coroner for the City of Dublin, has accepted this as evidence of identification and will shortly authorise the release of the remains to the families." Sinn FÃ©in leader Gerry Adams said the news would "bring an end to the uncertainty for the McKee and Wright families". "I want to appeal again for anyone with any information on those remains still not found to bring that information forward to the families, to the commission or myself," he said.
Gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal before Slimani doubled the lead shortly after. The Algerian scored his second four minutes later as he bundled home Gray's cross from close range. Caolan Lavery's fortuitous late strike cut the deficit but Musa fired home in stoppage time. The first half was largely uneventful as both sides made eight changes from the weekend's league matches. Gray's goal was the first moment of quality in the match as he collected the ball 30-yards from goal on the left wing, drove in field and beat three defenders before slotting through Blades' goalkeeper Jake Eastwood's legs. Slimani then scored a four-minute brace which looked to have settled the tie as the striker - signed for £29m in 2016 - showed excellent movement and composure. But, Lavery pulled a goal back in the 83rd minute as his miscued cross beat Ben Hamer at the near post before the Blades pushed further with 19-year-old Foxes debutant Josh Knight making a fine block to deny Billy Sharp. The Leicester defence continued to hold strong and in the 93rd minute Musa powered through the United defence and drove home to confirm the result. Match ends, Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Second Half ends, Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Goal! Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Ahmed Musa (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Attempt blocked. Ahmed Musa (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by David Brooks (Sheffield United). Foul by Ahmed Musa (Leicester City). David Brooks (Sheffield United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed. David Brooks (Sheffield United) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by John Lundstram with a cross following a corner. Corner, Sheffield United. Conceded by Josh Knight. Attempt blocked. Billy Sharp (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Caolan Lavery. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by Chris Basham. Attempt missed. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Goal! Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 3. Caolan Lavery (Sheffield United) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the right to the bottom right corner. Assisted by David Brooks. Foul by Nampalys Mendy (Leicester City). Caolan Lavery (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Leicester City. Josh Knight replaces Harry Maguire. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by Chris Basham. Attempt blocked. Demarai Gray (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Substitution, Leicester City. Nampalys Mendy replaces Wilfred Ndidi. Foul by Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City). Samir Carruthers (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Video Review:. Offside, Leicester City. Ahmed Musa tries a through ball, but Wilfred Ndidi is caught offside. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by John Lundstram. Attempt blocked. Ben Chilwell (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Corner, Sheffield United. Conceded by Ben Chilwell. Substitution, Sheffield United. Paul Coutts replaces George Baldock. Substitution, Sheffield United. Chris Basham replaces Jake M Wright. Goal! Sheffield United 0, Leicester City 3. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Demarai Gray with a cross. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by Jake Eastwood. Attempt saved. Demarai Gray (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Andy King. Attempt blocked. Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner, Sheffield United. Conceded by Wilfred Ndidi. Goal! Sheffield United 0, Leicester City 2. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Andy King with a through ball. Substitution, Sheffield United. Billy Sharp replaces Ched Evans. Christian Fuchs (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by George Baldock (Sheffield United). Offside, Sheffield United. Ched Evans tries a through ball, but George Baldock is caught offside. Offside, Leicester City. Daniel Amartey tries a through ball, but Islam Slimani is caught offside.
The new plan is for training to be split across three different sites. There would be some joint training, but the three services would each have their own facilities. The big winner would be the fire and rescue service - it would get a £44m purpose-built complex at Desertcreat, near Cookstown in County Tyrone. Timeline: Ten years of stop and start for NI's public services college . The BBC revealed in March that a programme board in charge of the Desertcreat project had concluded it was no longer economically viable. It said the joint college as originally planned was no longer needed because of reduction in the number of training days required by each of the three services. The Office of First and deputy First Minister then asked for a revised business case, setting out preferred options for future training needs. That review has now been completed and the BBC has obtained a copy of a draft report setting out the board's recommendations. It says the preferred option is for the fire service to have a training facility at Desertcreat at an estimated cost of £44m. If the plan is approved by the Northern Ireland Executive, it is understood the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) would also be allocated about £20m to refurbish its existing training facilities at Garnerville police station in east Belfast. The Northern Ireland Prison Service would be given funding for training at Maghaberry and Magilligan prisons as its training centre in Millisle, County Down, has been closed. The proposed new complex for the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) would be built on the site bought 10 years ago for a new policing college at Desertcreat. That plan was later changed to include the fire and prison services, but has now been revised. It would include what is called a 'hot house'. This is a building that can be set on fire in a controlled fashion, or heated to extremely high temperatures, to give firefighters realistic training. Northern Ireland does not currently have such a facility. The NIFRS would like it to have different sections to replicate the different conditions and challenges involved when tackling a blaze in domestic homes, commercial premises and high-rise buildings. The money for all of the training facilities would have to be provided by the executive. That is because a £53m funding package from the Treasury was withdrawn earlier this year due to a failure to build the proposed joint college within a stipulated timeframe. The programme board's report will be sent to Justice Minister David Ford and Health Minister Simon Hamilton for their approval as their departments are responsible for the project. In a statement to the BBC, a project steering group said the draft business case "has yet to be finalised or formally signed-off" by the accounting officers for the fire and prison services and the PSNI. But senior officials from the departments of justice and health sit on the programme board and were heavily involved in producing the draft report. If Mr Ford and Mr Hamilton endorse the preferred option, they will make a joint recommendation to the executive by the end of November.
Archibald was on Swindon Town's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies. Osman says the loss of Archibald - who guided Thistle to a top six finish last season - would be a hard act to follow. "Since I signed, he's only got better, every season. It's no surprise teams are interested in him," Osman said. "We don't want him to go anywhere. He's probably one of the best managers I have played under. The boys love him. We just pray he stays here for another season." Osman's Partick Thistle team-mate Adam Barton echoes his captain's sentiments. "I would be personally disappointed because what he has done is really good," the midfielder said. "As a footballer, you like managers who really stick by their players. You come across so many managers who chop and change things and I have been through that many managers that many times. "New managers come in and they don't even want to see you play, they just want to bring their own players in and chop and change. To see him go would not be a good thing." Partick Thistle are on the verge of losing promising centre-back Liam Lindsay, who has travelled to Barnsley for a medical following the clubs agreeing a fee for the player. Subject to the completion of the medical, Lindsay will sign a three-year deal at Oakwell.
Iain Duncan Smith, in what he said was his first interview on Europe in 10 years, has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in Paris, while the prime minister was on the TV sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union. This is the new, if temporary reality: cabinet ministers disagreeing totally with each other on the record, and in public. Traditionally unthinkable, certainly risky, and difficult to control. Plenty of disagreements are spilling out into the public domain now. After lots of speculation, Boris Johnson has just declared he'll be campaigning for Britain to leave the EU. But many are still wondering about the motivations that lie behind his decision. Unless Machiavellian machinations deep in the Conservative party interest you, you probably shouldn't read much further. But believe me, on long days in Westminster, this is the kind of hypothesising that concerns politicians and their teams. Ready? Conspiracy One - Michael Gove's decision to go with the Vote Leave campaign was taken to make sure that Chancellor George Osborne will be challenged in the eventual Tory leadership by someone who is a chum, who looks on him favourably, but who would get onto the final ballot (which crucially only has two contenders) as someone who can claim to the party membership which is broadly Eurosceptic, that they fought to leave the EU, even though they were then sadly defeated. This, so Conspiracy One goes, is why Mr Gove's decision to join Vote Leave has not impressed some true believers in the cause and, in any case, his public image may well not be a benefit to them. Conspiracy Two - Doing the rounds inside Number 10 and Number 11 (the chancellor's abode) so the theory goes, is that Boris is intent on becoming 'The Man Who Tried'. What? Well, Downing Street has concluded that Mr Johnson is going for Leave precisely because he is confident that they will lose. This allows him to create the perfect platform for his leadership ambition - campaign for Leave, Remain wins, but Boris manages to then glide onto the leadership ballot as the man who gave it his damnedest, didn't quite pull it off, but can scoop up oodles of votes from the broken-hearted Tory membership, despairing in defeat, but ready to go over the top for their hero. This kills Mr Gove, or anyone else's chances of opposing Mr Osborne in the final round of the leadership contest. If you got this far, and feel enlightened by it all, then marvellous. If it seems fanciful, then don't say I didn't warn you! But with the prime minister having already announced that he's leaving his job before the next election, there is no escaping the fact that the future of the Tory leadership is a factor in both sides' campaigns.
Ece Heper, 50, was arrested on 30 December in the north-eastern town of Kars, her lawyer Sertac Celikkaleli told The Canadian Press. Canadian officials say they are offering consular assistance, but released no further information. Turkey's penal code states that anybody who insults the president can face up to four years in prison. Ms Heper's friend Emrah Bayram told the BBC she was arrested for Facebook posts critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. "It's ridiculous, she's expressing her opinion," he said. Friends say Ms Heper, who lived in Ontario and is reportedly a Canadian-Turkish citizen, has "some health issues" and they are worried about her access to medication while in detention. Along with her lawyer, they fear it could be at least a month before her case goes to trial. They have contacted human rights organisations over her case. Mr Erdogan has been accused of mounting a growing crackdown on freedom of speech. Almost 2,000 cases for insulting Mr Erdogan have been opened in recent years. They include a former Miss Turkey and a 16-year-old student. Another man was found guilty of insulting the president and given a suspended one-year jail sentence after he shared images comparing Mr Erdogan to the fictional character Gollum.
But there are about 500 deaths a year in the UK from cardiac arrest among the under-30s. When it happens it is shocking. Doubly so when it affects a sports star like 23-year-old Fabrice Muamba. He is said to be one of the fittest players at his club, Bolton Wanderers. The same sentiments were expressed about Marc-Vivien Foe, the Cameroon footballer who collapsed and died during an international match in 2003. But the underlying cause of such deaths are likely to be inherited rather than a reflection on their fitness. Genetic abnormalities are usually associated with arrhythmias - irregular heart beats - or cardiomyopathies, which is a disease of the heart muscle. But where sport can play a role is on the likelihood of these conditions leading to a cardiac arrest. The evidence is not clear-cut. But research has suggested that those with inherited conditions are twice as likely to suffer a cardiac arrest if they play sport at a high level. Dr Leonard Shapiro, a consultant cardiologist and medical adviser to the Football Association, says it is always difficult to know exactly what triggers the attack. But he says: "There is a predisposition in some individuals to have a cardiac event under very high physical and emotional stress." The question that is always asked after such events is whether anything can be done to prevent them. Many sports in Britain regularly screen top athletes, although it is not mandatory as it is in some countries such as Italy. In football, players are checked at 16 and then are likely to have regular check-ups as their career goes on. Those that are diagnosed with a problem often have to give up top-level sport. Sports cardiologist Sanjay Sharma, who also works for the charity Cardiac Risk in the Young, says the tests are thorough, but not perfect. "It involves taking a history relating to cardiac symptoms, which include chest pain during exertion or breath which is disproportionate to the amount of exercise being performed, and blackouts, and asking about a family history because many of these conditions that can cause cardiac arrest are hereditary. "We then perform a cardiac examination and following that we do an ECG (electrocardiogram), which is an electrical tracing of the heart which looks for electric faults of the heart, and a cardiac ultrasound, which looks at heart muscle problems or problems with the heart valves." However, they do not guarantee that an abnormality will be picked up. The difficulty is that such abnormalities are not always permanent. They can come and go - as the Muamba case suggests. It has been reported that the Bolton player had four such screenings during his career, the latest of which was done last summer.
Media playback is not supported on this device . Platini wants to restore the image of world football's governing body in the wake of serious corruption allegations. "We want a reform candidate," said FA chairman Greg Dyke. "We believe he will reform Fifa in the way that reform is needed." Sepp Blatter has already announced he will quit as Fifa president, with an election set for 26 February. Frenchman Platini, president of European football governing body Uefa, is likely to face a number of challengers, among them Prince Ali Bin al-Hussein of Jordan and Liberian FA president Musa Bility. Dyke added: "We understand there will be a number of candidates, which should result in a strong and healthy debate. "However, we should not underestimate how challenging it will be for anyone to lead an organisation that has been so tainted. The whole structure of Fifa must be reviewed and fundamentally changed." Platini has found himself at odds with the FA over Qatar's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup. The 60-year-old championed the Gulf nation despite concerns over its human rights record and severe summer temperatures. But Dyke attempted to play down any differences for the time being, saying: "Mr Platini has always made it very clear that he voted for Qatar. "If all the other people who voted for Qatar had been quite as transparent it would have been more helpful." Not everyone shares the FA's confidence in Platini, a former France international who won the coveted Ballon d'Or three times. Just hours after confirming his candidacy on Wednesday, he was criticised by two potential presidential rivals. Prince Ali and Bility both claim Platini would be a bad choice as a successor. Prince Ali, who stood against Blatter in the last presidential election, said that "football's fans and players deserve better". A member of the Jordanian royal family, he added that Fifa needed a "new, independent leadership, untainted by the practices of the past". Bility agreed, telling the BBC's World Football programme that Platini would bring "chaos", "more division" and "more problems".
Martin Foran, 71 and from Manchester, served a total of 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal. The Ministry of Justice said it only pays compensation when a conviction is quashed "because of a new fact." But, Mr Foran says despite being found innocent his ordeal has left him ill and unable to pay basic bills. Mr Foran was convicted in 1978 of robbery following an investigation by the since discredited West Midlands Serious Crime Squad. He was portrayed as an IRA member by a regional paper and served six years of a 10-year sentence. The conviction was finally quashed last year. Between his release and his successful appeal, he was found guilty in 1985 of robbing a Birmingham pub landlord. That conviction was quashed on appeal in 2013, but not before he had served 12 years inside, during which time he spent 47 days in a rooftop protest and hunger strike at Nottingham jail. His wife Valerie even scaled a nearby roof in a show of solidarity. Last year, Mr Foran held a three-week protest outside the Ministry of Justice in London as part of his compensation fight. He said he was told the justice secretary would speak to the West Midlands chief constable, but has not heard any update about this since. Speaking exclusively to the BBC, he said the London protest "nearly killed me". "It is affecting my health but I will continue fighting to my grave. My health is worsening." He added: "I've had to walk the streets trying to find a solicitor who would represent me on a no-win no-fee basis. It has been soul-destroying. "I can't even afford to run the car and the phone is about to be cut off. I'm also behind with the gas and electricity bill." Mr Foran said his dying wish is to get an apology for his family. "It destroys me that no-one has apologised to my wife Valerie and children for what has happened as they have suffered more than I have," he added. "I would like to be able to go on holiday with my wife and enjoy what time we have left, but I cannot do this." Speaking about Mr Foran's case, a Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "The fact that a conviction has been quashed by the Court of Appeal does not mean it was necessarily a miscarriage of justice." The BBC has yet to receive a response from West Midlands Police.
The much-anticipated film sparked controversy last week after it emerged it would feature a "gay moment". It was due for release in Malaysia on Thursday, but Disney said it was being held for a "review" of its content. The Malaysian Censorship Board (LPF) said on Tuesday it had approved the screening but with "a minor edit concerning a gay moment in the film". Homosexual activity is illegal in Muslim majority Malaysia, although the country's tourism minister has said banning the film is "ridiculous". A new release date has yet to be announced. The live-action remake was granted a "P13 parental guidance classification". "We have approved the film so there is no more issue. Once a film receives approval, it means it can be screened," LPF Chairman Datuk Abdul Hamid said. "However, the date of screening and where the screening takes place is not under LPF's jurisdiction. We only look at the content and give a decision on whether the movie gets approved or not." Local cinema chains have been offering refunds for customers who have purchased tickets in advance. Beauty and the Beast director Bill Condon has spoken about the "exclusively gay moment" in the film. It involves LeFou - the sidekick of the film's main antagonist Gaston - who tries to come to terms with feelings for Gaston that swing between lust and admiration, as a side-plot to the main story. The decision to review the Disney classic in Malaysia courted criticism from netizens, many of whom called it "stupid and laughable". "Malaysia bans 'Beauty and the Beast' but is okay with nonsense Malay movies with no moral values, just full of brainless jokes," wrote a Twitter user in a tweet which drew more than 4,500 re-tweets. Priyanka Laxmiâ€ .
The Amateur International Boxing Association has said pro boxers will compete in Rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month. But Tyson, 49, a former Junior Olympic winner, said: "Some pro fighters are going to get beat by the amateurs. "It's just going to happen, I really believe that." Tyson won gold at the 1981 and 1982 Junior Olympics and, speaking at the 33rd IBF convention in China, said professional boxers would find the fast-paced fighting style of their amateur counterparts difficult to contend with. "If they are like the amateur fighters that I was fighting in the 80s... they are going to beat some of the champions, it's just going to happen," he insisted. Lennox Lewis, another former world heavyweight champion and Olympic gold medallist, is also not in favour of the idea, branding it "preposterous". Tyson has also revealed he is an admirer of Briton and controversial current world champion Tyson Fury. Fury ended Wladimir Klitschko's nine-year reign as champion in November but has become better know since for a string of outspoken remarks. "One guy, Tyson Fury, I like to watch him because he has my name and stuff," Tyson said. "Everybody says 'ah, he's a bum', but I like him. "He beat Klitschko, so what are you going to say? That this guy is still a bum, but he beat the greatest fighter in the last 15 years?"
The latest Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 52.7 last month, down from January's reading of 55.6. Any figure above 50 means expansion, but the rise in service sector activity was the weakest since March 2013. The service sector accounts for more than three-quarters of the UK economy. Surveys from Markit/CIPS earlier in the week put the manufacturing sector's PMI at 50.8 and construction at 54.2. "The weaker increase in services activity mainly reflected a slower expansion in the volume of incoming new business," the survey said. Markit chief economist Chris Williamson added: "Survey responses reveal that firms are worried about signs of faltering demand, but boardrooms have also become unsettled by concerns regarding the increased risk of 'Brexit', financial market volatility and weak economic growth at home and abroad." He added that the extent of the slowdown would come as a "shock" to policymakers and would put an end to talk of a possible interest rate rise. Mr Williamson described February's three PMI readings as "a triple whammy of disappointing survey news". Last week, official figures confirmed that the UK economy grew 0.5% in the final three months of 2015, with the services sector highlighted as the key factor driving growth. The Office for National Statistics said the "buoyancy" of services had offset the "relative sluggishness" of the rest of the UK economy. Signs of weakening growth in the UK economy have pushed back estimates of when the Bank of England might begin to raise interest rates. Commenting on the latest PMI survey, Jeremy Cook, chief economist at World First, said: "The May Bank of England meeting had previously been seen as a possible time for a rate hike. The volatility of global markets and the self-inflicted wound of the EU referendum put paid to that months ago. "We still believe, however, that some measures that foresee the Bank of England holding rates at 0.5% until 2020 are little short of absurd." Martin Beck, senior economic adviser to the EY Item Club, said the PMI readings would provide "plenty of food for thought" for the Bank of England's rate-setting Monetary Policy Committee. He added: "Members will have to judge the degree to which the surveys are flagging a genuine slowdown in activity growth, or merely reacting to the negative headlines since the start of the year. In reality, growth may be softening, but perhaps not as sharply as the survey data suggest." Meanwhile, a similar survey indicated that eurozone businesses had their worst month for more than a year in February, bolstering the case for more monetary policy easing by the European Central Bank. Markit's final composite PMI, which is regarded as a good guide to growth, fell to 53 last month from January's 53.6 - its lowest reading since the start of 2015. However, that was better than the preliminary reading of 52.7 and well above the 50 mark that denotes growth.
Sally Shalloe, 51, of Attenborough, Nottinghamshire, died when her bicycle was hit by David Staley's motorbike in Middleton Boulevard in April last year. At Nottingham Crown Court, Staley, 32, admitted causing Ms Shalloe's death by dangerous driving. Staley, of Arnold, Nottingham, is due to be sentenced on 13 May. Ms Shalloe worked as a research fellow at the University of Nottingham, and husband Jim Hill said his wife previously produced studies on road safety. "She was cycling to work that morning," said Mr Hill, who had been married to Ms Shalloe for 16 years. "I had a policewoman walk into my work office and tell me she'd been killed. It was like being split in two with an axe. "It's turned my life upside down completely. I've got a constant feeling of loss." Staley was disqualified from the roads before being bailed ahead of his sentencing.
