mobile phone users in the uk are being urged to abolish roaming charges in a deal to abolish roaming charges .
england flanker chris tierney has been called up for ireland 's six nations clash against italy in twickenham on saturday .
plans for a new 50 m swimming pool in derby have been put up for sale in a bid to save money .
the un security council -lrb- un -rrb- has announced that two observers are expected to leave the un in havana .
the number of people being placed in foster care in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to official figures .
president barack obama has called for a ` ` solvable problem '' in the wake of the shooting of an unarmed black man in philadelphia .
celtic manager brendan griffiths has said the club are ` ` fired up again '' for the year to june 's champions league game .
tunisia 's president omar al - bashir has been taken to hospital after a deadly bomb attack on a museum in tunisia .
it 's a tale of us food and spices , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
tottenham have completed the signing of striker bafetimbi walker from tottenham for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 8 m .
the deaths of five men at a beach in sussex are being treated as ` ` unprecedented '' , a council leader has said .
the uk government is to impose a draft draft plan for the uk to cut pollution in the uk , a high court judge has ruled .
welsh secretary alun jones has said the uk government is ` ` giving the best possible deal '' for a second independence referendum .
a sculpture has been sculpture of a [ UNK ] sculpture by a police officer in cornwall , police have said .
a woman has been arrested after a newborn baby 's mother was stabbed to death in a house in glasgow .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has a ` ` unfortunate operation '' in the british and irish lions in the third test in wellington on monday .
a judge in san francisco has begun legal action against the us federal reserve over its use of federal immigration officers .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract . '   place in the scottish premiership .
a hidden chambers of the pyramid has been discovered at a pyramids in suffolk , the egyptian antiquities ministry has said .
the remains of a man murdered in the republic of ireland have been identified by the city of dublin , the bbc has learned .
ahmed slimani scored twice as leicester came from behind to beat sheffield united in the first game of the season .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- nifrs -rrb- is calling for a change in the future of the northern ireland fire service .
partick thistle manager lee osman has said he would be ` ` personally disappointed '' by signing a pre - contract agreement .
chancellor george osborne has said he will not join the vote leave campaign in the eu referendum result in the wake of the paris attacks .
a canadian man has been arrested in turkey for allegedly insulting president recep tayyip erdogan , the lawyer says .
it 's been a year since the death of cameroon footballer [ UNK ] foe , who died at the age of 67 .
fifa president sepp platini says he will reform the football association in the wake of the qatar football crisis .
the family of a man who served 12 years in jail have criticised the west midlands chief constable for failing to pay compensation .
the live - action remake of the live - action remake of beauty and the beast has been approved by the malaysian government .
tyson fury 's rematch with wladimir klitschko is ` ` just going to happen '' , says former world heavyweight champion tyson fury .
activity in the uk 's dominant service sector fell by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who died after being hit by a car .
