new proposals have been made for the club 's owners to make up their own minds in the wake of the club 's pst .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with manslaughter following the death of a man in india 's capital , delhi .
mobile phone users in the uk are being urged to abolish roaming charges in a deal to abolish roaming charges .
ballymena boxer jonathan calderwood was a head groundsman in the middle of the world cup - and i was n't the best groundsman in the world .
england flanker chris tierney has been called up for ireland 's six nations clash against italy in twickenham on saturday .
a mumbai man has been charged with murder after a video emerged showing him being beaten up to death .
lego , lego , lego and lego will not be able to use their phones , a company has said .
a fire has broken out at a house in kirkton , county tyrone , after a fire broke out at a house in cheshire .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the pornography attacks on donald trump .
at least two people have been killed in a light aircraft crash in colombia 's capital , colombia , colombian media report .
three directorial schemes are to be put up for sale in a bid to save money from a theatre theatre .
a painting by the american artist monet collectors has been sold at auction for # [ UNK ] m in a # 20 m auction .
the families of two britons killed in the batang kali massacre have been criticised by the supreme court in the us senate .
the isle of wight 's 25-minute service has been cancelled due to concerns over its impact on the isle of wight .
the family of a woman who died after being struck by a bus in swansea say they are ` ` devastated '' by her death .
plans for a new 50 m swimming pool in derby have been put up for sale in a bid to save money .
the government has been accused of trying to prevent islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in somalia 's capital , garissa kenyatta , in a protest against president barack obama 's immigration ban .
the un security council -lrb- un -rrb- has announced that two observers are expected to leave the un in havana .
maidenhead united defender campbell campbell is currently serving in the premier league after being found guilty of match - fixing offences .
the number of people being placed in foster care in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to official figures .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a block of flats in nottingham .
christmas pudding across the uk will begin on christmas day as part of a christmas day , the bbc has learned .
the iphone t in the park have been making headlines ' time at this time of year , but steve jobs has been a success .
president barack obama has called for a ` ` solvable problem '' in the wake of the shooting of an unarmed black man in philadelphia .
southend university lecturers have voted in favour of a motion of ` ` fundamental provisions '' in the conduct of schools and colleges in england .
a woman has been charged after a woman was found with stab wounds in her flat in rhondda cynon taff .
dame judi dench has said she does n't want to see if she is to leave the old vic .
the welsh government has approved plans for a compulsory purchase order for the next two years , it has been announced .
celtic manager brendan griffiths has said the club are ` ` fired up again '' for the year to june 's champions league game .
tunisia 's president omar al - bashir has been taken to hospital after a deadly bomb attack on a museum in tunisia .
four people have died in a light aircraft crash in ghana 's capital , ghana , officials say , after a plane crash .
a secondary school in kent has been forced to close at the end of the year because of a sex shortage .
a dog rescue team has been rescued from the sea off the coast of mayo in the western isles .
newport gwent dragons manager john murphy says they are ` ` confident '' they can win the anglo - welsh cup for the first time .
it 's a tale of us food and spices , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
the charge of a criminal justice system has been prompted by a cross - party committee of mps in england and wales .
tottenham have completed the signing of striker bafetimbi walker from tottenham for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 8 m .
a gene has been found in a gene in a gene in a gene in a gene in the cellular area , a study has found .
the perfect start to the perfect season has been a bit of a bit of a success ... we 'll know about the next few weeks .
premier league side arsenal have signed arsenal defender alex right - back for the rest of the season , subject to international clearance .
dundee united manager phil daly says he would never have consider his future as manager of the club 's director of football .
restoration work has begun in reading for the first time in more than 20 years , it has been announced .
a police force has launched an appeal to trace a three - year - old boy who wants children to see their children .
the deaths of five men at a beach in sussex are being treated as ` ` unprecedented '' , a council leader has said .
the uk government is to impose a draft draft plan for the uk to cut pollution in the uk , a high court judge has ruled .
charlie hebdo , the charlie hebdo , has been forced to leave the university of charlie hebdo , the university has said .
in the wake of the killing of russian president donald trump in the us city of minnesota , there is no evidence that the lion 's killer is protected .
the european commission -lrb- eu -rrb- has said it would be ` ` impossible '' to allow companies to repeal the health & social care system .
worcestershire 's batsmen struggled to a [ UNK ] defeat by essex in the first of three overs in the one - day cup .
a cat has died after being hit by a charity by a group of men , it has emerged .
canada 's public broadcaster cavalia cavalia has been arrested in beijing , the department of defence -lrb- cavalia -rrb- has said .
welsh secretary alun jones has said the uk government is ` ` giving the best possible deal '' for a second independence referendum .
three welsh rugby players have paid tribute to their players after they took part in a charity gb recycling team .
manager jose mourinho says manchester united need to be like ` ` almosts '' in the premier league after they beat premier league rivals chelsea .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged racist offence at a celtic v rangers match in september .
a sculpture has been sculpture of a [ UNK ] sculpture by a police officer in cornwall , police have said .
the author of adrian mole has been released to sue the first time to sue the new musical for the first time .
a woman has been arrested after a newborn baby 's mother was stabbed to death in a house in glasgow .
a man accused of murdering a sherlock journalist told a court she was ` ` yes '' about the knife found at him .
the discovery of the body of a [ UNK ] in a museum in the uk has taken place in the uk .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has a ` ` unfortunate operation '' in the british and irish lions in the third test in wellington on monday .
eu leaders have called for the uk to leave eu nationals in the uk high and dry in the uk .
a judge in san francisco has begun legal action against the us federal reserve over its use of federal immigration officers .
billy root and billy root hit a career - best 255 as warwickshire reached the one - day cup for the first time in four years .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for threatening to shoot a congregation at a mosque room in dundee .
south korean firm hyundai motor has said it will drive its employees to buy a new car on unpaid leave .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract . '   place in the scottish premiership .
at least eight people have been killed in a bomb blast at a factory in the eastern mexican city of egas , officials say .
a huge fire has broken out at a factory in chile in eastern chile , killing at least one person .
the northern ireland executive office has been accused of ` ` panic and hysteria '' after the office voted in favour of its first minister .
a hidden chambers of the pyramid has been discovered at a pyramids in suffolk , the egyptian antiquities ministry has said .
the remains of a man murdered in the republic of ireland have been identified by the city of dublin , the bbc has learned .
the story of tunisia 's islamic state militant group has sparked outrage in the country 's media and broadcasters .
a council leader has been suspended for three months after being ruled out of the code of conduct in public office .
the peak of the peak , the peak of the peak , has been given the go - ahead for the first time .
mexico city 's europa league match against mexico has been postponed because of racist chanting by the goalkeeper 's supporters .
ahmed slimani scored twice as leicester came from behind to beat sheffield united in the first game of the season .
wales captain sam warburton says his side must be ` ` expansive '' when they face wales in saturday 's world cup warm - up match against new zealand .
the dean of gloucester cathedral is to be held in the cathedral for the first time in more than 20 years .
northern ireland 's world cup winners in the republic of ireland have been taking place in the irish premier league .
bbc wales football manager gordon rush has won the welsh premier league title for the first time since the opening day of the 2016 season .
the bitcoin virtual currency has been a success for the tech industry , but it seems that it would be like a currency .
yeovil town ladies have signed germany international goalkeeper mark howard on a two - year deal .   end his season in the super league season .
as somalia gears up for the rest of the world 's most famous lifeguard unit , hassan hassan hassan [ UNK ] , is one of the world 's most influential artists .
a judge in brazil has sentenced a woman to life for the murder of a japanese woman in the city of rainforest in 2012 .
england have included sri lanka in saturday 's one - day cup game against pakistan at trent bridge on wednesday , 26 march .
police in england and wales have said they are ` ` worried '' about the use of policing in the county 's police buildings .
a man has been found with serious chest injuries following a crash at a gliding parlour in east sussex .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a subway in glasgow .
the metropolitan police is to apologise for its handling of the met police chief constable in relation to allegations of historical sex abuse .
north korea 's supreme court has ordered the release of a us missionary to the united nations , the supreme court has ruled .
barnet 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by barnet .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- nifrs -rrb- is calling for a change in the future of the northern ireland fire service .
partick thistle manager lee osman has said he would be ` ` personally disappointed '' by signing a pre - contract agreement .
chancellor george osborne has said he will not join the vote leave campaign in the eu referendum result in the wake of the paris attacks .
a canadian man has been arrested in turkey for allegedly insulting president recep tayyip erdogan , the lawyer says .
lionel gradel scored two goals as algeria thrashed ivory coast in their opening match of the african champions league .
foxconn , the world 's best - selling smartphone maker , has reported a big jump in profits for the first time .
the european court of justice -lrb- ruling -rrb- has ruled that a number of people in the uk could travel to their homes .
a fire at a waste processing plant in greater manchester has been suspended after a fire broke out at the site .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has begun a bill to allow women to terminate a pregnancy after a constitutional review .
it 's been a year since the death of cameroon footballer [ UNK ] foe , who died at the age of 67 .
a man who died after being found unconscious in a street in north lanarkshire has been named by police .
fifa president sepp platini says he will reform the football association in the wake of the qatar football crisis .
the family of a man who served 12 years in jail have criticised the west midlands chief constable for failing to pay compensation .
president barack obama has said the us is facing a ` ` crisis of epic proportion '' in the 2017 fiscal year .
the confederation of african football 's governing african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it will visit libya from the 2017 africa cup of nations .
russian paralympic athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics because of doping , the sport 's governing body has said .
britain 's ding junhui came from behind to beat china 's ding junhui in the first round of the world championship .
the live - action remake of the live - action remake of beauty and the beast has been approved by the malaysian government .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton in the first practice session for the first formula 1 race of the season .
tens of thousands of people have been protesting at a union union in the capital of the capital , oaxaca , in a row over food deliveries .
tyson fury 's rematch with wladimir klitschko is ` ` just going to happen '' , says former world heavyweight champion tyson fury .
former england winger johnson johnson has been charged with the rape of a winger from the premier league club .
activity in the uk 's dominant service sector fell by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who died after being hit by a car .
voters in northern ireland are being urged to vote in the referendum on the electoral register , the electoral commission has said .
a theatre in kent is to undergo a # 1 m project to build a new theatre in the capital 's grounds of alexandra palace .
lagos hotels in the city of lagos have been shut down because of noise , a state official has said .
torquay united have signed torquay united defender phil harvey on a two - year deal .   end his season with the club until the summer of 2018 .
a florida sheriff has been jailed for life for plotting a deadly arson attack on a mosque in florida .
johnston press has confirmed it is to sell its sister title in a bid to buy the independent newspapers .
the irish state of the eu is in the rest of the european union , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- 853,000 -rrb- .
two - time wimbledon champion petra nadal has been knocked out of the world 's top tennis team in the final round of the aegon championships in wimbledon .
a [ UNK ] snake has been discovered in a florida village in florida , california , according to local reports .
denmark 's economy minister has urged the uk to leave the european union if it wins the eu on thursday .
a woman accused of killing her 21-month - old daughter has told a court she was ` ` stupid '' for him .
prime minister theresa may has accused the prime minister of being ` ` politically lethal '' from the uk 's brexit bill .
kilmarnock defender stevie clark has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a hip injury .
china 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the third quarter of the year , according to official figures .
we arrive in malaysia these days before the end of the world 's most famous beach , but they have been trying to pay their respects to the victims of the prison .
the united nations has voted to phase out of the un 's general election in the wake of the south korean government .
seal pups have been counted during the first time in the past year , according to figures from the national trust .
a heterosexual clerk who closed her office in the us presidential election has told a court she would not issue licences for gay couples .
north korea has test - fired a missile ballistic missile , south korean reports say , after the us said it would suspend nuclear tests .
great britain 's gordon donnelly has qualified for the olympic games in rio on saturday after being ruled out of the olympics .
a video has been issued for the use of the use of the word ` psycho ' in a mental health act .
four young women have been arrested in australia on suspicion of terror offences , the government has said , as they try to join the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
prime minister david cameron has said she would be ` ` surreal '' to deal with her prime minister 's questions .
at least two people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a ballistic missile on a funeral hall in yemen , officials say .
zoos in the uk are no longer relevant in captivity , according to a new report from the government .
couples should be offered up to a ` ` postcode lottery '' , according to a report from the scottish government .
a three - year - old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff on saturday .
the appointment of a new manager at the heart of the club 's former manager gary allen is one of the biggest clubs in the premier league .
the government has been accused of failing to publish plans for a legal challenge against the european commission over plans for a legal challenge against the eu .
an australian woman has been ordered to investigate the indonesian coffee she tried to contain a cyanide coffee and poisoned a coffee .
scientists have discovered a pine forests in the earliest of the earliest tree on a quarry in the far north .
a number of people have been taken to hospital after being closed for a second day after being closed for a weekend .
a fire broke out in the garden of a police station in london , police have apologised for the cause of a fire .
a new hospital in somerset has been replaced by the primary care trust which it says is a ` ` poor old tired building '' .
donegal have missed out on a place in division one of the ulster sfc after beating longford town [ UNK ] in the first round of the ulster championship .
sinn féin 's martin mcguinness has said she is ` ` subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation '' in her constituency as a teacher .
a dog has been shot dead after a heart attack on a two - year - old dog in the early hours of the night .
the m74 in the m74 estuary in glasgow have been removed from the m74 southwest of the m74 , a study has found .
the head of pembrokeshire council has been sacked over allegations of historical child sex abuse , a report has found .
the snp 's leader in the scottish parliament has been ` ` completely overtaken '' by the smith commission , the smith commission has said .
lee johnsen has made his first appearance of the season as hearts ' biggest signing of the game against st johnstone .
all pictures are copyrighted of the public 's photographs of scotland 's transport network for scotland and wales .   show .
britain 's bianca lewandowski won a bronze medal at the track cycling world championships in serbia , beating compatriot katarina johnson - thompson .
a shortage of social care in england and wales has been cut by # 4.6 m in the past year , figures show .
a search has been held for victims of a landslide in the eastern city of the city of londonderry .
northern ireland fans have been urged to travel to the republic of ireland in saturday 's world cup qualifier against poland .
glamorgan and glamorgan batsman jacques van der gugten have both been included in a shopping list for the first half of the season .
a man has died following a stabbing at a house in coleraine , county antrim , police have said .
the family of spain 's johan cruyff have said they will be remembered for his funeral for the first time .
former manchester united and manchester united manager louis van gaal has been revealed as the new head coach of ajax .
tanzania 's health minister has ordered the health ministry to impose a ban on homosexuality in tanzania and other countries .
two shots have been fired at a police station in ascension square in ascension square , police have said .
the university of oxford has begun a legal challenge against oxford city council over concerns about the impact of the university of oxford city council .
the total number of films to 700 screenings has been revealed in the library of london .   additions to the lion king .
four men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle millions of pounds worth of money in syria .
a man and woman have been arrested in connection with the seizure of cannabis plants worth up to # [ UNK ] .
three people have been charged with cheating at lincoln crown court in connection with a number of traveller sites .
thomas cook 's chief executives have been speaking about the deaths of bobbi shepherd and christi holidaymakers in the uk .
if you 're a fan of formula 1 , you 're a fan of formula 1 , you 're a fan of formula 1 .
hearts head coach jon levein says the club have a ` ` tough place '' to leave the club in the premier league .
britain 's johanna broady won her second round of the women 's singles title with a straight - set win over croatia 's ana konjuh .
chris hart has won the prestigious comedic comedic award for the first time in the uk 's history list .
sir bruce hill is returning to the stage at the end of this month 's strictly come dancing line - up .
the world 's first samuel johnson prize has been honoured by judges at the university of berkeley , california .
great britain 's liam coxsey won gold in the women 's individual sports event at the world track championships in london .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences in connection with the death of a man in birmingham .
a nursery owner who fell into a handbag has been saved from selling a handbag to a spanish hospital , the bbc has learned .
all photographs Â © [ UNK ] / the [ UNK ] of hungary 's berlin wall that marked the arrival of the world war ii .
a ukip assembly member has called for a change in the assembly 's decision to allow ukip to run for the assembly .
great britain 's 58:23 58:23 won the world record for the fastest time in the world triathlon series with a dominant performance in the ipc athletics world championships .
with a [ UNK ] smile , emma watson was one of the most intriguing jobs in the history of her life .
a man wanted in connection with the murder of a man in guantanamo bay has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has accused donald trump of becoming ` ` abusive '' and ` ` never beat '' .
the parents of a newborn baby girl who drove along a road in conwy county have said they are concerned about her baby 's mother .
gareth cleverly will defend his ibf world heavyweight title fight against germany , says former world champion stuart cleverly .
a petrol bomb attack on a police patrol in londonderry has been thrown at officers again , police have said .
plans to build a new forest in nottinghamshire have been given the go - ahead by the local authority 's trust .
therese raquin is to star in a new version of the new version of the roundabout music music company therese raquin .
greece has rejected a proposal to request the parthenon sculptures of the parthenon sculptures of the parthenon sculptures in greece .
a woman accused of indecently assaulting children in birmingham told a court she let him get away with it .
south africa 's [ UNK ] domingo has been named coach of south africa 's twenty20 squad for next month 's africa cup of nations .
leinster back - row niall morris has signed a two - year contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
jeremy corbyn has accused david cameron of making ` ` 40,000 replies '' as labour leader jeremy corbyn said he would be ` ` 40,000 '' in the european union .
thousands of people have attended a rally in zimbabwe 's capital , zimbabwe , as part of the country 's civil war .
