Portsmouth Supporters ' Trust ( PST ) chairman David Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the club .
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan , who is accused of killing a man in a car crash in 2002 .
Mobile phone network Three has become the first in the UK to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad .
As I stood on the pitch at the Parc des Princes in Paris at the start of last month 's Champions League final , I was overcome with emotion .
Emma Croker will start for England in Saturday 's Six Nations match against Ireland after being named in the starting line - up for the first time .
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man who was being beaten up .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of " censorship and discrimination " after the toy company refused to sell its bricks to him .
A fire has broken out at an 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway .
Kenneth Starr , the man who led the inquiry into Bill Clinton 's affair with a White House intern , has given his support to Hillary Clinton in her bid for the presidency .
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia .
Two directors of arts organisations on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant .
A Monet painting of a lily pond , known as the Nympheas , has sold at auction for £ 31.7 m .
Relatives of four Chinese men killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost an appeal against the UK government 's refusal to hold a public inquiry .
A cross - Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by Hovertravel .
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road .
A council has backed down over plans to close a public swimming pool in a bid to save money .
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia that have been shut by the government .
Colombia 's government and the Farc rebel group say they will ask the UN Security Council to set up a mechanism to oversee any ceasefire and disarmament .
Former Blackburn Rovers and Millwall striker Drax Campbell is playing for non - league Maidenhead United .
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last three months , figures show .
The body of a man has been found at a flat in Edinburgh .
Hospitals , care homes and nursing homes across the UK will be serving up a festive feast on Christmas Day .
Ten years ago I was reporting for the BBC ’s Ten O’Clock News on the launch of the iPhone in San Francisco .
US President Barack Obama has asked for $ 1.6bn ( Â£1.1bn ) in federal funds to help police departments across the country deal with racial discrimination .
Requiring schools to promote " fundamental British values " could have " unintended consequences " , a union has warned .
A woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in a flat in west Belfast .
Dame Judi Dench , best known for playing James Bond 's M in Skyfall and Mrs Brown , says she is struggling to cope with the loss of her eyesight .
Work has started on a Â£2.3 m project to transform a former market hall in Anglesey into a community centre .
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are " buzzing " as they prepare to confirm their status as Scottish Premiership champions on Sunday .
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum , in which at least 39 people were killed , officials say .
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana 's main airport , killing 10 people , officials say .
A boarding school in Hampshire has announced it is to close .
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in Devon .
Leicester Tigers ' Anglo - Welsh Cup semi - final win over Saracens can be the " catalyst " for the Premiership strugglers to challenge for a top - four finish , says forwards coach Shaun Murphy .
When it comes to food , Indian restaurants are no different from any other in the world .
MPs have expressed " grave misgivings " about a new criminal courts charge , saying it has created " perverse incentives " to plead guilty .
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right - back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for £ 50 m .
A gene defect linked to male infertility has been identified by scientists for the first time .
EastEnders fans will be celebrating the 30th anniversary of the death of Lucy Beale with a big party this weekend .
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Morgan has signed a new contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
Former Dundee United and Rangers midfielder Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Ibrox .
Plans have been submitted to turn two former Reading University buildings into flats .
A police force has posted a poster on its Facebook page urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish children .
Lifeguards will be on duty at a popular beach where five men drowned last year , a council has announced .
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK later this week .
An international symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled .
The US hunter who shot and killed a lion in Zimbabwe has been arrested for murder .
Friends of the Earth and War on Want are among those who have signed a petition calling on the European Union to stop trade talks with the US .
Alastair Cook hit a half - century for Essex on a rain - affected first day against Worcestershire at New Road .
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze , the RSPCA has said .
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking , according to reports .
Wales ' first minister has accused Theresa May of giving the impression the UK government does not listen to devolved administrations as Article 50 approaches .
A group of Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in Powys .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side prepared for the game they wanted to play against Manchester United and that his side were able to control the game .
A 19-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Celtic Park last month .
A police force has apologised after winning a sandcastle competition with an image of a woman with a " large bottom " and breasts .
A musical version of Adrian Mole , based on the best - selling children 's book by Sue Townsend , has opened in Leicester .
A three - week - old baby boy has been killed by a dog in Gateshead .
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of an acid attack on a journalist has been found on a jacket at the scene , a court has heard .
The entrance to the Natural History Museum in London 's Trafalgar Square is ajar .
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full - back Robbie Henshaw will miss the rest of the New Zealand tour because of injuries .
The prime minister has defended the government 's refusal to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK that their rights will be protected after Brexit .
US President Donald Trump 's plan to withhold federal funding from so - called sanctuary cities has been blocked by a judge in California .
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 as the hosts beat Warwickshire in the One - Day Cup at Trent Bridge .
A man who punched and headbutted worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months .
US carmaker Hyundai Motor has offered financial help to federal employees who have been affected by the government shutdown .
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager .
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in Portugal killed at least eight people , officials say .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes as wildfires continue to burn in Chile .
Northern Ireland 's first and deputy first ministers have been accused of breaching due process after the appointment of a new press secretary .
Egyptian experts say they have found " anomalies " in three of the pyramids oframids of Giza that may be related to the way they are built .
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright , two of the Disappeared , have been formally identified as those of two IRA members , the Irish government has said .
Prank TV shows have become increasingly popular in the Middle East and North Africa during Ramadan , but they have also become increasingly controversial .
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him .
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off a mountain in northern Finland to mark the centenary of its independence from Russia .
Mexico 's Football Federation ( FMF ) has been warned by Fifa that it could be fined or expelled from matches if it fails to stop homophobic chanting .
Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani scored twice as Leicester City beat Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup third round .
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take risks against New Zealand in Saturday 's first Test in Auckland .
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first girl choristers as part of a new recruitment drive .
There are few sporting rivalries as passionate as those between Italy and Northern Ireland , but the rivalry between the two sides has been as colourful as they have been .
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2 - 0 victory over England at Wembley in 1986 .
The price of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen sharply after one of its most prominent developers said it was doomed .
Women 's Super League Two side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed former England Under-21 international midfielder Lauren Howard .
Lido beach in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the country , and it has become a magnet for foreign visitors .
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest .
England all - rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the one - day international series against Pakistan .
Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) has asked the public for their views on whether stations should be moved to public areas such as supermarkets and public buildings .
A man has died in a hang gliding accident in East Sussex .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a London subway have appealed for witnesses to come forward .
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police 's handling of child sex abuse allegations , the force has announced .
A North Korean court has sentenced a US citizen to life in prison with hard labour for " hostile acts " against the state .
Barnet moved level on points with League Two leaders Newport County at the top of the table after beating Hartlepool .
Northern Ireland 's fire , prison and police services are to get their own training facilities after a 10-year battle to build a joint college was abandoned .
Partick Thistle captain Jordan Osman says the club 's players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill .
Iain Duncan Smith has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of terrorism .
A Canadian - Turkish woman has been charged with insulting the president of Turkey , her lawyer says .
Wilfried Bony scored twice and set up a third as Ivory Coast reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi - finals with victory over Algeria .
Taiwan 's Foxconn , the world 's biggest contract electronics maker , has reported a 16 % rise in quarterly profits , helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads .
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for the time they spend travelling between their jobs .
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in Manchester city centre .
Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Bai Koroma has refused to sign into law a controversial new abortion law despite pressure from human rights groups .
The death of Fabrice Muamba is the latest in a string of high - profile sportsmen and women who have died from cardiac arrest .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are treating his death as murder .
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini to be the next president of Fifa after he announced his candidacy for the post .
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being falsely accused of being an IRA member has said he will " fight to his grave " for compensation .
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in 110,000 refugees in 2017 as part of a global effort to help millions of people displaced by conflict .
Libya 's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has been withdrawn because of civil war in the country .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban his country 's Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games .
Mark Selby will face Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi - finals after taking a 6 - 2 lead over Marco Fu .
Malaysia 's film censors have approved the release of Disney 's live - action remake of Beauty and the Beast .
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the World Championship to 36 points .
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers ' union in Oaxaca state to end a week - long blockade of roads by thousands of protesters .
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury believes professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics .
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three sex offences against a child .
The UK 's service sector grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in February , according to a closely watched survey .
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving .
More than 1,000 EU citizens have been wrongly sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum , the Electoral Commission has confirmed .
The Alexandra Palace theatre in central London is to be restored and reopened to the public as part of a £ 20 m restoration project .
More than 100 churches in Nigeria 's biggest city , Lagos , have been ordered to shut down after residents complained about noise levels .
Wrexham are interested in signing Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club .
