Portsmouth Supporters ' Trust ( PST ) chairman David Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the club .
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan , who is accused of killing a man in a car crash in 2002 .
A fire has broken out at an 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway .
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia .
A Monet painting of a lily pond , known as the Nympheas , has sold at auction for £ 31.7 m .
Relatives of four Chinese men killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost an appeal against the UK government 's refusal to hold a public inquiry .
A cross - Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by Hovertravel .
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia that have been shut by the government .
Former Blackburn Rovers and Millwall striker Drax Campbell is playing for non - league Maidenhead United .
The body of a man has been found at a flat in Edinburgh .
Hospitals , care homes and nursing homes across the UK will be serving up a festive feast on Christmas Day .
Ten years ago I was reporting for the BBC ’s Ten O’Clock News on the launch of the iPhone in San Francisco .
A woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in a flat in west Belfast .
Work has started on a Â£2.3 m project to transform a former market hall in Anglesey into a community centre .
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana 's main airport , killing 10 people , officials say .
Leicester Tigers ' Anglo - Welsh Cup semi - final win over Saracens can be the " catalyst " for the Premiership strugglers to challenge for a top - four finish , says forwards coach Shaun Murphy .
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Morgan has signed a new contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
Former Dundee United and Rangers midfielder Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Ibrox .
Plans have been submitted to turn two former Reading University buildings into flats .
A police force has posted a poster on its Facebook page urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish children .
The US hunter who shot and killed a lion in Zimbabwe has been arrested for murder .
Friends of the Earth and War on Want are among those who have signed a petition calling on the European Union to stop trade talks with the US .
Alastair Cook hit a half - century for Essex on a rain - affected first day against Worcestershire at New Road .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side prepared for the game they wanted to play against Manchester United and that his side were able to control the game .
A 19-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Celtic Park last month .
A musical version of Adrian Mole , based on the best - selling children 's book by Sue Townsend , has opened in Leicester .
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in Portugal killed at least eight people , officials say .
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first girl choristers as part of a new recruitment drive .
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2 - 0 victory over England at Wembley in 1986 .
Women 's Super League Two side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed former England Under-21 international midfielder Lauren Howard .
A man has died in a hang gliding accident in East Sussex .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a London subway have appealed for witnesses to come forward .
Wilfried Bony scored twice and set up a third as Ivory Coast reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi - finals with victory over Algeria .
Taiwan 's Foxconn , the world 's biggest contract electronics maker , has reported a 16 % rise in quarterly profits , helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads .
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in Manchester city centre .
Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Bai Koroma has refused to sign into law a controversial new abortion law despite pressure from human rights groups .
Libya 's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has been withdrawn because of civil war in the country .
Mark Selby will face Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi - finals after taking a 6 - 2 lead over Marco Fu .
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers ' union in Oaxaca state to end a week - long blockade of roads by thousands of protesters .
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three sex offences against a child .
More than 100 churches in Nigeria 's biggest city , Lagos , have been ordered to shut down after residents complained about noise levels .
Wrexham are interested in signing Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club .
