Video footage has emerged of an Indian man fighting a sword - wielding attacker to save the life of a shopkeeper .
Adding another unanticipated sidebar to this topsy - turvy election , Kenneth Starr has lavished praise on Bill Clinton , citing his " genuine empathy for human beings " , calling him " the most gifted politician of the baby boomer generation " and commending his post - presidential philanthropy , which he noted was Carteresque in its benevolence .
The actors ' union Equity has hit out at the decision to remove two of Mull 's best - known creative directors from their posts .
The family of an off - duty police officer who died after being hit by a bus in Swansea say her death has left a hole that can never be filled .
A dog was rescued after falling " up to 60 ft ( 18 m ) " down a cliff in Devon .
Chinese authorities have arrested two Canadians in the capital Beijing for allegedly smoking marijuana .
They are more familiar with recycling the ball than rubbish but five rugby players took a break from the pitch to collect refuse in Neath Port Talbot .
At the top of a long staircase in a room in a tower , far away from the throng of visitors and other scientists and laboratories is the Natural History Museum 's insectory .
Nottinghamshire 's Billy Root , younger brother of England Test captain Joe , hit an unbeaten 107 at Edgbaston to help them beat Warwickshire and record a second successive One - Day Cup win .
A man who rampaged through a Dundee mosque while on licence for seriously assaulting his sister has been returned to prison .
More international help has been arriving in Chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history .
From shipwrecks to terror attacks to an air disaster involving Paris Hilton , it seems that almost nothing is off - limits for the prank shows that have become a staple of North African TV during the Islamic fasting month of Ramadan .
Abdullah Mohammed Hassan climbed down from his perch , and strolled purposefully into the sea to rescue yet another bather who appeared to be struggling against big waves and a rocky , barbed - wire - infested shoreline at Lido beach , on the northern edge of the Somali capital , Mogadishu .
A Brazilian court has convicted a rancher for ordering the murder of an American nun over a land dispute - a case that caused international outrage .
Ben Stokes has returned to the England Twenty20 squad for the first time since being hit for four sixes in the final over of the World T20 , when West Indies beat England .
A former High Court judge is to review the Metropolitan Police 's handling of cases involving claims of historical child abuse by public figures .
North Korea has released details of the alleged crimes of a US man it sentenced to 15 years of hard labour .
Hartlepool dropped into the League Two relegation places as they slumped to a flat home defeat by Barnet .
US President Barack Obama has announced a pledge by 50 nations to take in 360,000 refugees from war - torn countries this year .
Russian President Vladimir Putin says the country 's Paralympics ban is " outside the bounds of law , morality and humanity " .
Nico Rosberg took his third straight win of 2016 as Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton fought back to seventh in a hectic Chinese Grand Prix .
Polling cards were wrongly sent to at least 3,462 EU citizens who are not allowed to vote in the EU referendum , the Electoral Commission has announced .
Alexandra Palace has started a £ 1 m fundraising campaign to bring its Victorian theatre back to life after lying unused for 80 years .
