A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man who was being beaten up .
Kenneth Starr , the man who led the inquiry into Bill Clinton 's affair with a White House intern , has given his support to Hillary Clinton in her bid for the presidency .
Two directors of arts organisations on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant .
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road .
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in Devon .
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking , according to reports .
A group of Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in Powys .
The entrance to the Natural History Museum in London 's Trafalgar Square is ajar .
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 as the hosts beat Warwickshire in the One - Day Cup at Trent Bridge .
A man who punched and headbutted worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes as wildfires continue to burn in Chile .
Prank TV shows have become increasingly popular in the Middle East and North Africa during Ramadan , but they have also become increasingly controversial .
Lido beach in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the country , and it has become a magnet for foreign visitors .
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest .
England all - rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the one - day international series against Pakistan .
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police 's handling of child sex abuse allegations , the force has announced .
A North Korean court has sentenced a US citizen to life in prison with hard labour for " hostile acts " against the state .
Barnet moved level on points with League Two leaders Newport County at the top of the table after beating Hartlepool .
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in 110,000 refugees in 2017 as part of a global effort to help millions of people displaced by conflict .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban his country 's Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games .
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the World Championship to 36 points .
More than 1,000 EU citizens have been wrongly sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum , the Electoral Commission has confirmed .
The Alexandra Palace theatre in central London is to be restored and reopened to the public as part of a £ 20 m restoration project .
