Mobile phone network Three has become the first in the UK to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad .
Emma Croker will start for England in Saturday 's Six Nations match against Ireland after being named in the starting line - up for the first time .
A council has backed down over plans to close a public swimming pool in a bid to save money .
Colombia 's government and the Farc rebel group say they will ask the UN Security Council to set up a mechanism to oversee any ceasefire and disarmament .
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last three months , figures show .
US President Barack Obama has asked for $ 1.6bn ( Â£1.1bn ) in federal funds to help police departments across the country deal with racial discrimination .
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are " buzzing " as they prepare to confirm their status as Scottish Premiership champions on Sunday .
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum , in which at least 39 people were killed , officials say .
When it comes to food , Indian restaurants are no different from any other in the world .
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right - back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for £ 50 m .
Lifeguards will be on duty at a popular beach where five men drowned last year , a council has announced .
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK later this week .
Wales ' first minister has accused Theresa May of giving the impression the UK government does not listen to devolved administrations as Article 50 approaches .
A police force has apologised after winning a sandcastle competition with an image of a woman with a " large bottom " and breasts .
A three - week - old baby boy has been killed by a dog in Gateshead .
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full - back Robbie Henshaw will miss the rest of the New Zealand tour because of injuries .
US President Donald Trump 's plan to withhold federal funding from so - called sanctuary cities has been blocked by a judge in California .
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager .
Egyptian experts say they have found " anomalies " in three of the pyramids oframids of Giza that may be related to the way they are built .
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright , two of the Disappeared , have been formally identified as those of two IRA members , the Irish government has said .
Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani scored twice as Leicester City beat Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup third round .
Northern Ireland 's fire , prison and police services are to get their own training facilities after a 10-year battle to build a joint college was abandoned .
Partick Thistle captain Jordan Osman says the club 's players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill .
Iain Duncan Smith has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of terrorism .
A Canadian - Turkish woman has been charged with insulting the president of Turkey , her lawyer says .
The death of Fabrice Muamba is the latest in a string of high - profile sportsmen and women who have died from cardiac arrest .
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini to be the next president of Fifa after he announced his candidacy for the post .
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being falsely accused of being an IRA member has said he will " fight to his grave " for compensation .
Malaysia 's film censors have approved the release of Disney 's live - action remake of Beauty and the Beast .
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury believes professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics .
The UK 's service sector grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in February , according to a closely watched survey .
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving .
