Three has announced that it has abolished international roaming charges in seven countries .
England have brought in Emma Croker and have Ireland made two changes for Saturday 's Women 's Six Nations game .
A Derby swimming pool threatened with closure is to remain open for another year , council bosses have confirmed .
The Colombian government and the left - wing Farc rebel movement have both asked the UN for a mission to oversee the end of their decades - long conflict .
The number of children put forward for adoption by local councils in England has fallen by almost half in under a year , the latest figures show .
US President Barack Obama has requested $ 263 m ( Â£167 m ) to improve police training , pay for body cameras and restore trust in policing .
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are " fired up " for next season as they aim to win a sixth straight Premiership title .
A Frenchwoman injured in the attack on Tunisia 's national museum has died of her wounds , bringing the total killed in the assault by Islamists to 22 .
What do you need to run a successful restaurant ?
Manchester City have completed the signing of Tottenham and England right - back Kyle Walker for an initial £ 45 m .
Lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the South Coast this summer after seven men drowned last year .
The UK government is set to publish a draft air pollution plan after a protracted legal battle with environmental campaigners .
Welsh support for the UK could be in doubt if Theresa May does not listen to concerns about devolution , the first minister has warned .
A police force has apologised after its officers made a sandcastle " crime scene " featuring a naked dead woman .
A three - week - old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in Sunderland .
Wales wing George North and Ireland centre Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand .
The White House has labelled " bananas " a ruling that blocks President Donald Trump 's order barring funding for cities that shelter illegal immigrants .
Paul Sheerin has left his post as Arbroath manager to become Under-20s coach at Aberdeen .
An international team of architects and scientists have observed " thermal anomalies " in the pyramids of Giza , Egyptian antiquities officials say .
Confirmation that bodies found in a bog were Disappeared victims Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright is " bittersweet news " , the McKee family has said .
Goals from Demarai Gray , Islam Slimani ( 2 ) and Ahmed Musa took Leicester past Championship side Sheffield United and into the EFL Cup third round .
A planned state - of - the - art joint training college for Northern Ireland 's police , fire and prison services has been radically redrawn .
Partick Thistle captain Abdul Osman says the players are praying manager Alan Archibald stays at the club for another season .
Forgive me if you are not a fan of political conspiracy , and on a day like today you do n't have to look very far for huge ideological disputes , even if they 're not quite yet punch - ups .
A Canadian dual national has reportedly been detained in Turkey for allegedly insulting the country 's president .
Most people associate heart problems - and cardiac arrest in particular - with older people .
The English Football Association has given its backing to Michel Platini 's bid to become the next boss of Fifa .
A terminally - ill cancer patient who was jailed for two robberies he did not commit is fighting for compensation a year after he was exonerated .
The release of Disney 's Beauty and the Beast has been postponed in Malaysia .
Former world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson says the idea of professional boxers at the Olympics is " ridiculous " - because they would lose to amateurs .
The UK 's dominant services sector weakened in February , registering its slowest rate of growth for nearly three years , a survey has indicated .
A motorcyclist has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a former road safety worker who was killed in a crash on a busy Nottingham road .
