Artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of " censorship and discrimination " after the company refused to allow him to use its bricks in a new exhibition .
Teachers should ignore rules on promoting " fundamental British values " , a teachers ' union conference has heard .
Dame Judi Dench says she has no plans to retire from acting , despite failing eyesight which has left her unable to read scripts .
An independent school in Hampshire has confirmed it will close because of " financial pressure " .
The criminal courts charge should be scrapped by ministers , a parliamentary committee has said , as it raised " grave misgivings " about the fee 's benefits .
A faulty gene could help explain some cases of unexplained male infertility , according to research .
Viewers have been guessing who did it for the last year , but on Thursday EastEnders will FINALLY reveal who killed Lucy Beale .
A conference in Belfast to discuss the fallout from the Charlie Hebdo murders has been cancelled .
Five cats have died from antifreeze poisoning on or near the same street in the space of two weeks , the RSPCA has said .
DNA matching two men accused of throwing acid at the face of a Scottish Sun journalist was found on items at the scene , a court has heard .
Britons living around Europe would have been left " high and dry " if the rights of EU citizens to stay in the UK had been guaranteed , the PM has said .
Hyundai Motor will defer payments due from US federal employees affected by the partial government shutdown .
Opposition politicians have expressed concern about the use of a special legal procedure to appoint a new Stormont press secretary .
A decision to suspend a Powys county councillor has been upheld .
Norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour Finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence .
Mexico 's football federation ( FMF ) has asked a " small group " of its fans to stop a chant Fifa says is homophobic .
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must not be afraid to take risks against New Zealand on Saturday .
When the Republic of Ireland and Italy clash at football , passion and pride are usually not far away .
A high - profile Bitcoin developer has said the crypto - currency has failed and he will no longer take part in its development .
Some Bedfordshire police stations could be relocated to supermarkets to help bridge a funding gap , its Police and Crime Commissioner said .
Time spent travelling to and from first and last jobs by workers who do not have a fixed office should be regarded as work , European judges have ruled .
Police investigating the murder of a man who was found seriously injured on a Glasgow street have traced the driver of a car seen near where he was found .
