Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of " censorship and discrimination " after the toy company refused to sell its bricks to him .
Requiring schools to promote " fundamental British values " could have " unintended consequences " , a union has warned .
Dame Judi Dench , best known for playing James Bond 's M in Skyfall and Mrs Brown , says she is struggling to cope with the loss of her eyesight .
A boarding school in Hampshire has announced it is to close .
MPs have expressed " grave misgivings " about a new criminal courts charge , saying it has created " perverse incentives " to plead guilty .
A gene defect linked to male infertility has been identified by scientists for the first time .
EastEnders fans will be celebrating the 30th anniversary of the death of Lucy Beale with a big party this weekend .
An international symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled .
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze , the RSPCA has said .
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of an acid attack on a journalist has been found on a jacket at the scene , a court has heard .
The prime minister has defended the government 's refusal to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK that their rights will be protected after Brexit .
US carmaker Hyundai Motor has offered financial help to federal employees who have been affected by the government shutdown .
Northern Ireland 's first and deputy first ministers have been accused of breaching due process after the appointment of a new press secretary .
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him .
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off a mountain in northern Finland to mark the centenary of its independence from Russia .
Mexico 's Football Federation ( FMF ) has been warned by Fifa that it could be fined or expelled from matches if it fails to stop homophobic chanting .
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take risks against New Zealand in Saturday 's first Test in Auckland .
There are few sporting rivalries as passionate as those between Italy and Northern Ireland , but the rivalry between the two sides has been as colourful as they have been .
The price of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen sharply after one of its most prominent developers said it was doomed .
Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) has asked the public for their views on whether stations should be moved to public areas such as supermarkets and public buildings .
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for the time they spend travelling between their jobs .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are treating his death as murder .
