When he was appointed as the first chief executive of a new business in Singapore in 1997 , Lee Choe had no idea he would go on to build one of the world 's biggest hospitality companies .
The Euro 2016 qualifier between Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland has been postponed after a crash on the M1 in County Antrim .
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she has " absolute faith " in the UK 's Trident nuclear weapons system , despite reports that one of its missiles may have misfired .
Police are investigating whether tennis star Venus Williams was involved in a fatal car crash in Florida .
Ghana has been told by an international tribunal to stop new oil drilling in a disputed maritime border with Ivory Coast .
Bonfires have been set up in a car park in north Belfast in a row over the storage of bonfire material .
The BBC has " strongly refutes " claims it faked footage of an iguana chase with snakes on The Blue Planet II .
The mother and father of a Hillsborough campaigner have been appointed MBEs in the New Year Honours list .
Shale gas extraction in the UK can be safely done , but regulators must be strengthened to ensure it does not cause earthquakes or contaminate water supplies , scientists say .
Nadia is one of the new wave of female MCs emerging from London 's hip - hop scene .
Sir Tom Jones is to return as a judge on The Voice UK , ITV has announced .
Tottenham are " a long way down the path " on agreeing a deal to play home games at Wembley , according to chairman Greg Dyke .
Great Britain 's men 's and women 's handball teams failed to qualify for the Rio 2016 Olympics after losing their opening three games at the European Championships .
Jeremy Corbyn has told business leaders he will not " stand back " when there is injustice in the workplace or in the boardroom if Labour wins power .
China has reportedly deployed long - range surface - to - air missiles on one of its disputed islands in the South China Sea .
Head teachers have warned that the problems underlying the so - called Trojan Horse claims of a plot to undermine head teachers in England are still present .
More than 20,000 people will be casting their votes in West Lothian and Livingston in the general election .
Middlesbrough midfielder Marten de Roon has left the club by mutual consent after agreeing a new three - year contract .
When Annan Athletic reached the Scottish League Cup fifth round for the first time in their history , 17-year - old Omar Omar was in the stands with his family and friends .
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says his playing days at the League Two club are " slowly coming to an end " .
The Lawn Tennis Association ( LTA ) has announced a £ 250 m plan to improve access to tennis courts in Britain .
A US citizen who was held hostage in Syria for more than three years has been freed , the US State Department says .
The former BHS website , which was shut down last month , is to reopen as a new online business with a much smaller workforce .
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around the Royal Berkshire Hospital .
A woman has been jailed for life for killing a poker player in an " act of brutality which defies reason and compassion " .
It 's been an extraordinary night for the Scottish Conservatives .
Three people have been injured in a three - vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire .
The prosecution service has told the Court of Appeal that it will not be making any submissions to uphold a weapons conviction of an IRA man who was shot by police 32 years ago .
A bomb hoax device which prompted a security alert in Londonderry has been declared a hoax .
Australia is scrapping knighthoods and damehoods , Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has announced .
Sevilla remain on course to become the first team to win the Europa League three times in a row after drawing the first leg of their semi - final in Ukraine .
The threat to Wales ' economy runs " far deeper " than the steel crisis , Plaid Cymru has said .
A pro - refugee campaigner has been found guilty of behaving in a racially aggravated manner at an anti - immigration rally .
The Queen 's portrait of herself has been unveiled on the new £ 1 coin .
Officials in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park where a tourist was killed last week .
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley , the children are playing with their new - found Lego .
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Brixton Pound market in south London .
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water , a study suggests .
England began their autumn international campaign with an emphatic victory over South Africa at Twickenham , extending their winning run under Eddie Jones to four matches .
Saracens will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo - Welsh Cup semi - finals , while Harlequins will face Exeter in the last four .
The family feud between the children of Singapore 's founding father , Lee Kuan Yew , has thrown the city - state into fresh political turmoil .
A " manipulative and depraved " paedophile who raped and sexually abused a woman in Denbighshire has been jailed for 12 years .
Star Wars actor Warwick Davis has had his caravan stolen , even though it was locked with a hitch and wheel lock .
Police in India have dropped charges of sedition against 11 Muslim men who were arrested after they were accused of cheering for Pakistan during the World Twenty20 cricket match .
The French government has ordered the dissolution of a far - right youth group after a teenager was killed in a brawl in Paris .
Gloucester reached their second European Challenge Cup final in three years with a hard - fought victory over La Rochelle .
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of four teenagers in Dumbarton .
The body of a man has been found at a flat in Edinburgh .
A mudbank in the sea off the Kent coast has been covered in human remains for more than 200 years .
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham on a free transfer .
When Phil Spencer announced Microsoft 's next Xbox console at E3 , he promised two things .
Middlesex 's Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries as they put their side in a strong position against Hampshire at Lord 's .
A consultation has begun on whether a Gwynedd airfield should be chosen as the UK 's next spaceport .
A newborn baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop .
The idea that World War One soldiers spent most of their time in " trenches " is " simply not true " , researchers have said .
Nigel and Helen Stevens have been living in Benavista , a small seaside town on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain for more than 20 years .
Former Foreign Secretary William Hague has said the UK 's policy in Syria has been " a failure " .
Lewis Hamilton says the new Formula 1 season will be " exciting " because it will be so close between Mercedes and Ferrari .
The family of a teenage soldier found dead at Deepcut Barracks have called for her body to be exhumed ahead of her inquest .
A former police community support officer who groomed and sexually assaulted a teenage girl has been jailed for six years .
US President Donald Trump has said he may ask special counsel Robert Mueller to step down from his investigation into alleged Russian interference in the US election .
Borders Council has been told it could be asked to spend more than £ 1.5 m more than originally planned on a scheme to build a new visitor centre in the Borders .
Two of the UK 's most popular vloggers have told Newsbeat they do n't think it 's too much to ask for YouTube videos to be labelled as adverts .
A British diver has said he is " absolutely elated " after charges against him over the deaths of two friends in Malta were dropped .
A US rocket has exploded shortly after launching from a launch pad in Virginia , killing a spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station .
The Sri Lankan government has criticised media outlets for showing video of a Buddhist monk setting himself on fire on Saturday .
The race to replace Dominique Strauss - Kahn as managing director of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has produced two contrasting images .
A teenager from West Yorkshire is reported to have been killed in an attack by Islamic State militants in Iraq .
A group of graffiti artists have used the set of US TV series Homeland to protest against its depiction of the Middle East .
A man who raped a 14-year - old girl and sexually abused two other girls has been jailed for life .
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Anthony Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much money as some of his Championship rivals in the summer transfer window .
Plans to mark the 50th anniversary of the oldest carnival in Europe have been announced .
With just over a week to go until Americans go to the polls , here 's a round - up of the key stories , quotes and quotes from the campaign trail .
Prostate cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death in men in the UK .
A gang of fraudsters in India have conned hundreds of TalkTalk customers out of thousands of pounds by tricking them into giving them access to their bank accounts , according to whistleblowers who have told the BBC .
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the world 's highest paid actress for the fifth year in a row , according to a new report .
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire .
Ospreys have re - signed hooker James Hook from Gloucester for the 2016 - 17 season .
In the early hours of Sunday , 10-year - old Faizan Ahmad Dar woke up at his grandmother 's house in Indian - administered Kashmir and asked for breakfast .
Derry were knocked out of the All - Ireland SFC semi - final by Mayo in extra - time in Castlebar despite a spirited display in the decider .
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new junior doctors ' contract in England have been extended for a second time .
An Air Canada flight from Toronto to San Francisco came within 30 m ( 90 ft ) of crashing into four planes on a taxiway at San Francisco 's airport , a report says .
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after being jailed for fraud .
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the world 's top snooker player any more .
London is the most expensive city in the world to travel on public transport , according to a new report .
James Hennessy was a plasterer from Ellesmere Port , who travelled to the match with a group of friends , who all survived .
Hull FC have appointed ex - St Helens and St Helens prop Joe Forster as their new manager .
Scots Gaelic speakers on the Isle of Benbecula have been targeted in an email scam .
Oxford United will host Scunthorpe United in the first round of the EFL Trophy , while League Two side Oxford United will travel to League One ScunTHorpe .
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team 's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine at the Stade de France in Paris .
BBC Radio 1 has announced the first of a series of temporary presenters to mark its 50th birthday .
The sale of so - called legal highs has been banned in the Republic of Ireland , according to police .
Wolves striker Adam Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury and could miss the rest of the season .
BBC presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a ferry service which is believed to be the world 's oldest running pier train .
England 's one - day internationals against Bangladesh begin in Dhaka on Friday after the team was given the all - clear by security officials .
When Apple unveiled its new smartwatch at its Worldwide Developers Conference in September , it was seen as a major step forward for the company .
On the morning of 1 May , thousands of French workers gathered in the centre of Paris for the annual Labour Day parade , listening to a speech delivered by a woman dressed in a red - and - white striped dress .
Millions of shoppers are expected to return Christmas gifts on Tuesday , but some may struggle to get a refund because they do not have a receipt .
The Financial Reporting Council ( FRC ) , which oversees the Cadbury code of corporate governance , should be " stronger " , former chief executive Lord Myners has said .
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme , according to author Neil Harris .
The Republic of Ireland 's president is to ask the country 's highest court to rule on whether a new abortion bill is constitutional .
On Friday morning , the people of Barcelona came out in their thousands .
The gap between the life expectancy of men and women in the UK is starting to close , a study suggests .
A 17-year - old boy arrested after two teenagers died in a crash in Monmouthshire has been released without charge .
Wales suffered their first defeat of the autumn internationals as Australia scored a late try to win the third and final Test in Sydney .
Rescue teams in Indonesia are searching for more victims after a volcano erupted on Saturday , killing at least five people and injuring several others .
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said he shaved off his beard because he believes the BBC is biased against beards .
Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick are in a three - way tie for the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida .
Lille defender Souleymane Bissouma has signed a new two - year contract with the Ligue 1 club .
The number of teachers facing online abuse from pupils in England has risen by a third this year , a teachers ' union has warned .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai ( Madras ) as heavy rains continue to batter the city .
Have you been following the news in Wales this year ?
The UK government has banned five Syrian jihadist groups , including the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant ( ISIS ) , from entering the country .
Wales full - back Liam Williams will miss Scarlets ' Pro12 match against Zebre on Saturday as he continues his recovery from injury .
Premiership side Bristol have been dealt a blow with the news that prop Joe Marler will miss the rest of the season with a neck injury .
Rory McIlroy will miss the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic because of a stomach bug .
Plans for a £ 1bn redevelopment of Manchester city centre , led by former Premier League stars Gary Neville and Phil Neville , have been revised .
A BBC team embedded with Iraqi forces fighting so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in the northern city of Mosul has seen heavy fighting in the battle for Mosul .
Cardiff 's Millennium Stadium could host a world heavyweight boxing match at some point in the future , according to its chief executive Mark Phillips .
The Home Office has issued a notice of intent to deport more than 100 workers from takeaway restaurants in the UK .
Online retailer Amazon has changed the way it records sales in Europe in an effort to reduce its tax bill .
Italy have appointed former Torino boss Francesco Ventura as Antonio Conte 's successor as manager after Euro 2016 .
A Turkish military jet has crashed near the border with Syria , killing the pilot , Turkish media report .
As he sips a glass of wine at his vineyard in the hills of Sicily , winemaker Cesare Girolamo tells the BBC that he 's fighting against the " rural Mafia " .
The widow of a Pembrokeshire man who died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in the Mediterranean has told an inquest he died " virtually instantaneous " .
The creator of Flappy Bird has said he may make a sequel to the popular mobile game after it was taken down .
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out a routine safety test on its Falcon rocket before every launch .
US scientists say they have become the first team to create human - pig embryos .
It would be easy to dismiss Oliver Burke as the type of winger who would be more at home in a rugby union team than a Scotland squad .
Robbie Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Scottish Football Association .
It 's not every day you get an interview with one of the world 's most famous footballers where they open up about their struggles with addiction .
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al - Fitr , the end of Ramadan , and here 's a round - up of how you can celebrate with us .
A table tennis player has pleaded guilty to having sex with a schoolgirl he met at a tournament .
Families in some parts of England are struggling to find a school for their children as the new school year begins .
A migrant boat has been attacked by armed men on a speedboat off the coast of Libya , an aid group has said .
Four men have admitted carrying out an armed robbery at a flat in Fife in which they threatened two men with a gun .
A Grade II - listed theatre in Lancashire is to be auctioned off after it was left in the care of the state .
League One strugglers Barnsley were beaten for the first time this season as Chesterfield won at Oakwell .
North Korea has test - fired an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) with a reported range of about 10,000 km ( 6,000 miles ) , the US military says .
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than expected , the Bank of England 's chief economist has said .
A senior US official tried to influence the FBI to change the classification of a classified email from Hillary Clinton 's private server , newly released documents show .
Facebook has said it is working with police to remove profiles belonging to convicted child sex offenders from the social media site .
Scottish football is " suffering from poor headlines " over gambling , according to Scottish Professional Football League chairman Stewart Wishart .
Chinese cinema chain Imax plans to list its shares in Hong Kong .
The president of the Democratic Republic of Congo , Joseph Kabila , has appointed opposition leader Etienne Tshibala as his vice - president .
The Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of any wrongdoing by prosecutors .
Leicester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton .
Facebook says it has produced detailed maps of the world 's population for the first time .
A police dog has been put down after it attacked a man in North Yorkshire .
Parts of the UK could be in for a heatwave later this week .
Germany 's economy grew at a faster - than - expected pace in 2016 , according to official figures .
A mystery man who posed as a clown to scare school pupils in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by the prank .
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against diseases such as measles , whooping cough and measles , in a bid to boost public health .
A police investigation into the murders of three women by serial killer Peter Tobin is to be scaled back .
Ten years ago I was reporting for the BBC ’s Ten O’Clock News on the launch of the iPhone in San Francisco .
The tall chimney at Didcot power station in Oxfordshire has been reported to have collapsed .
Venezuela 's army says it has arrested two men suspected of masterminding an attack on a military barracks last month that left three soldiers dead .
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in Tuesday 's second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington .
Facebook has defended its decision to keep a billionaire investor on its board despite him funding a team of lawyers to sue the news website Gawker .
A member of Germany 's far - right National Democratic Party ( NPD ) has been injured in a car crash in which two refugees stopped to help him , German media report .
Taxpayers in England and Wales should be given the right to pay an extra £ 5bn a year for the NHS , under plans being considered by the Liberal Democrats .
A US basketball player has been banned from playing in South Korea after being accused of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she was born in the US .
Police have said they are treating a suspicious device found on a road in Dumfries as " nothing untoward " .
Families of the victims of the Kingsmill massacre have said they are " disappointed " that an inquest into the deaths of six Protestant workers has been delayed for almost 40 years because of a lack of resources .
Jim Broadbent 's return to the stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in A Christmas Carol at London 's Noel Coward Theatre has been praised by critics .
A 94-year - old former Nazi war criminal who shot dead three Dutch Jews during World War Two has been transferred to a prison in Germany .
It 's lambing season on a farm in Gwynedd .
The first in a series of crime novels featuring a female detective has won a crime novel award .
The family of a girl who drowned while on a school trip to a swimming pool have been awarded compensation after a High Court judge ruled the council was negligent .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto his " best friend " during a surprise visit to Mexico City , where they discussed border security .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest .
Barnet moved level on points with League Two leaders Newport County at the top of the table after beating Hartlepool .
A jockey who was found drunk at the wheel of his car while sleep walking has been banned from driving for life .
Two men have died in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland .
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has resigned as Test captain after the second Test against England .
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers believes Ollie Ntcham has all the qualities to be a top - class player after the midfielder impressed in the friendly defeat by Lyon .
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
When Pope Benedict XVI announced last month that he was resigning , it was one of the biggest shocks in the history of the Catholic Church .
Donald Trump has said African - American communities in the US are in " the worst shape they 've ever been in before " and pledged to rebuild their inner cities .
Police investigating the murder of a woman and the discovery of a man 's body in a wheelie bin have named her as Samantha Winning .
Isabelle Linden scored her first Birmingham City Ladies goal to earn the Women 's Super League One side a draw at Reading .
Bristol is being urged to " grab the opportunity " to build a 15,000-seater entertainment arena as part of the city 's regeneration zone .
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed " good character " as they came from behind to beat Aston Villa 2 - 1 in the Premier League .
A strategic review of London 's security arrangements has been launched by the mayor of London .
It has been almost a month since the referendum result .
A council has voted to ban its staff from being paid for smoking during work hours .
Plans for a new tennis court at the home of the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh have been lodged .
Partick Thistle captain Jordan Osman says the club 's players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill .
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with victory in the Spanish Grand Prix .
A man who carried out a " terrifying " sex attack on a woman in a Kent street has been jailed for eight years .
Indonesian authorities say they have rescued more than 400 migrants , most of them Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar , from the sea off the coast of Aceh province .
Britain 's Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet in Sunday 's French Open final , with the Scot aiming to win his first Grand Slam title and the Serb looking to complete a career Grand Slam .
A member of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) has apologised after comparing Russia 's doping scandal to the Holocaust .
Labour has launched an investigation after a councillor was accused of sharing " anti - Semitic propaganda " .
A man who attacked two police officers with a machete in the Belgian city of Charleroi , injuring one of them , has been named by prosecutors .
Tsai Ing - wen has been described by many as a " mystery " - a woman of few words who does n't speak a word of Chinese .
The British and Irish Lions ' tour of New Zealand will go down as one of the greatest in the history of the game .
Leinster moved to the top of the Pro12 with a bonus - point win over Scarlets at the RDS .
An 86-year - old man who has been unable to walk for more than 30 years has said he will not be able to walk to his home without help .
Plans for a new hospital in Somerset have been given the go - ahead by the coalition government .
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight 's new place for ideas and opinion .
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a seabird colony .
An all - boys school in Sydney , Australia , has banned its students from clapping during assemblies .
A group of clerics in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger who has been sentenced to death for insulting the Prophet Muhammad .
A police officer has been disciplined for making a mistake in a search of a house in Londonderry .
A woman who baked a giant Land Rover cake in the shape of an engine at Jaguar Land Rover 's factory in West Sussex has said it was " the best wedding cake that has ever been seen " .
The British Olympic Association ( BOA ) has ratified the nomination of Lutalo Muhammad to represent Great Britain in the taekwondo team for the London 2012 Games .
A school in Powys is to take over the running of its town 's library .
A record number of birds of prey have been spotted on Tiree in the Western Isles .
A month ago , two journalists were killed in Mexico .
Pope Francis is about to embark on his first trip to Africa , where he is expected to deliver a message of hope to the dispossessed and the struggling .
The number of cancer cases in Wales has increased by more than 10 % in the past decade , according to new figures .
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared free of Ebola , the World Health Organization has announced .
US private equity firm KKR has increased its offer for Australian winemaker TWE Group by more than 11 % after its earlier bid was rejected .
A number of flights have been cancelled at Cork Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to bad weather .
The jury in the trial of former DUP MP David Fordyce has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict .
Banksy has denied claims his latest art exhibition in Weston - super - Mare is a hoax , after ticket sales for his latest attraction were suspended due to " technical difficulties " .
Irish Gypsies who caused " lots of damage " at a birthday party at a golf club by decorating cakes with fairy tales and princesses have been removed by police .
David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree for Gigginstown House Stud .
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale striker Ruairi Keating .
Kilmarnock have ended the loan spells of teenage duo Liam Waddington and Callum Davies .
Wakefield Wildcats have given the Rugby Football League six months to find a new home for the club at Headingley , says chief executive Steve Carter .
An NHS trust has been rated " outstanding " by inspectors after it was found to be failing patients at risk of suicide .
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing four of his fellow soldiers in an attack in which he said he was revenge for bullying .
Kids in Scotland have been talking about what they think about the EU .
A shopkeeper who had his tools stolen from a cat charity shop has been reunited with them after a social media appeal went viral .
The FBI has arrested a man and a woman in Los Angeles in connection with the iCloud data leak of celebrity photos and videos last summer .
A former Leeds United employee was sacked because of her relationship with the club 's head coach , a tribunal has heard .
Campaign 2016 is about to get under way .
Pakistan have been given permission to play a two - match World Twenty20 series in India after the Indian government gave its consent .
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he is " feeling like a football player again " after making his return from injury .
An endangered bottlenose dolphin has died in Spain after being harassed by tourists who wanted to photograph it .
A contract signed by the Beatles ' manager Brian Epstein and the band 's final line - up has failed to sell at auction in New York .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) has been left with less than 8 % of its capital buffer in the event of a major economic shock , according to a European stress test .
National League side Chester have re - signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Lloyd on a one - month loan deal .
The Home Office needs to be " more forward - looking " about where it draws the line over surveillance powers , MPs have been told .
A watermelon farmer has died in China after he was allegedly hit with a weight by local law enforcers , state media report .
The chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board has said he is " hugely impressed " by the way the families of patients who were mistreated on a Denbighshire hospital ward have acted .
Fleetwood Town have signed on - loan Leicester City defender Jordan Davis on a permanent deal .
Leicester City missed the chance to go five points clear at the top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw at home by West Ham .
Thousands of pharmacies in India are set to shut down on Wednesday in protest against online drug sales .
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder David McAllister on a two - year deal .
A 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom at a Bradford school .
Lee Westwood is relishing the chance to put himself in the mix at Royal Troon for a second time in two majors as he prepares to defend his Open Championship title .
Scotland 's number one squash player Lauren Adderley has won her first national title in Edinburgh .
Michael van Gerwen won his first PDC World Darts Championship title with a 7 - 5 victory over Scott Wright in the final at Alexandra Palace .
Plans for a quarry on " ancient woodland " in Derbyshire are the " largest threat to ancient woodland in England that the Woodland Trust has seen in its 42-year history " , it has claimed .
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his players they must change their mentality if they are to avoid relegation from the Premiership .
Perth and Kinross Council has backed a plan to lease the city 's former Royal Concert Hall for 125 years .
The violence at the end of the Bundesliga match between Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig was the worst in the club 's history .
In our series of letters from African journalists , the BBC 's Farai Sevenzo has been travelling to Bangladesh to find out more about the people - smuggling business .
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers ' union in Oaxaca state to end a week - long blockade of roads by thousands of protesters .
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius hit a toilet door with a cricket bat before he shot dead his girlfriend , a forensics expert has told his murder trial .
A cash machine in North Lanarkshire has been the latest in a series of incidents in which customers have been given double the amount of money they requested .
There are only a handful of Northern Ireland - based film - makers working in Los Angeles , but they are hoping to break into the YouTube industry .
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side 's " mental toughness " after they beat 10-man St Johnstone to close the gap on Premiership leaders Kilmarnock .
Nigeria 's main opposition party has suffered its biggest defeat since the end of military rule in 1999 , in elections for state governors and state assemblies .
Scotland 's top law officer has told the Supreme Court that the UK government 's right to trigger Brexit without consulting Holyrood is " essentially the same " as it is in the UK as a whole .
A towpath on the towpath at a Grade II - listed aqueduct in Carmarthenshire will be closed to the public during repairs .
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants in a bid to tackle the migrant crisis .
The number of empty plastic bottles found on beaches across the UK increased by more than a third last year , a survey has found .
The US Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) has been accused by security experts of releasing " significant " information about its hacking tools by Wikileaks .
Edinburgh is preparing to get under way for its three major arts festivals .
The Sunday Times columnist Adrian Gill has died at the age of 60 , the newspaper has announced .
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a severe stroke .
Germany will host the opening stage of the 2016 Tour de France , with the race starting in Berlin .
Children 's charity Kids Company received at least £ 42 m of public money despite repeated concerns about its finances , a report has found .
John Swinney , the Scottish finance secretary , has been in charge of preparing the Scottish government 's budget for the past month .
Former UKIP deputy leader Diane Evans has said she has given up on becoming the party 's next leader .
Former Wrexham defender Dean Keates has been appointed as the club 's new manager .
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have said they have made a " leap forward " in their search for her killer .
Chelsea won the Premier League for the first time in their history with a 4 - 0 victory over Manchester City at Stamford Bridge on Sunday .
An Iranian football goalkeeper has been banned from playing for six months because of his choice of trousers .
Wigan Athletic 's League One game against Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
A rising proportion of homeless people in Scotland come from the private rented sector , according to Shelter Scotland .
A man has been threatened with a knife during a burglary at a house in west Belfast .
The latest round of talks aimed at finding a solution to the crisis in Syria has been described as the most significant since the start of the conflict .
Rory McIlroy is three shots behind leader Jaco van Zyl after the third round of the Dubai Desert Classic after a one - under - par 69 moved him into a share of the lead with Marc Dubuisson .
A man and his pet dog have been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester .
The biggest marine protected area ( MPA ) on the high seas has been officially designated by the United Nations .
University students are being urged not to self - medicate with so - called " smart drugs " by buying them online .
Bydd gweinidogion yn San Steffan yn cymryd rheolaeth o'r dyletswyddau yn syth wedi Brexit , yn ôl Prif Weinidog Carwyn Jones .
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will be out for at least 10 weeks with a knee injury sustained in Saturday 's Champions League win over Everton .
World number three Ding Junhui produced a stunning display to thrash top seed Mark Williams 10 - 2 and reach the World Championship semi - finals .
A building has collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples , killing at least three people and leaving at least six missing .
Jenson Button says he is " confident " the new Baku Grand Prix circuit will be safe , despite concerns about run - off at some corners .
A Conservative MP who was falsely accused of trading with the so - called Islamic State group has been awarded damages .
The family of a teenager who drowned in the River Avon has launched an appeal to pay for a memorial to remember other young men who have died in the river .
Scotland 's newspapers have published their first editions of the morning as the polls closed in the Scottish election .
A fleet of gritters used by Northamptonshire County Council has been taken out of service for the first time since April .
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has held talks with officials from the European Free Trade Association ( EFTA ) about the possibility of keeping Scotland in the single market after Brexit .
An RSPB - led project to restore a river bend in Surrey has seen a rise in the number of salmon .
A financial services firm is creating up to 500 jobs in Worcestershire .
The Scottish sport budget is set to be cut by £ 2.5 m over the next three years , with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £ 20,000 meant for vulnerable children .
A female swan shot with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the Scottish SPCA .
Dirk Coetzee , one of South Africa 's most notorious apartheid - era spies , has died at the age of 83 .
A major road in Bath has reopened after being closed following a crash involving a lorry and a car .
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial wept as a video of the toddler 's bedroom was shown to them in court .
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump 's inauguration .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on his experience of a peace fellowship in Thailand .
A hospital 's A&E department was under " unprecedented " pressure last year , inspectors have said .
Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) has apologised for failing to tell customers it was restricting the use of unofficial ink cartridges on its printers .
Two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed at a shop .
A temporary footbridge is to be built in a North Yorkshire town to replace a damaged road bridge after a deal was reached to find a new site .
The most complete specimen of a stegosaur , one of the world 's most famous dinosaurs , has been given to a UK museum .
The economy minister , Simon Hamilton , has outlined a plan for dealing with the Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scheme .
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a major redevelopment of their stadium .
Britain 's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi - finals for the first time since 1983 as they both won their quarter - final matches on Wednesday .
Tesco has apologised for using a picture of a farmer pulling carrots on an organic farm as part of a marketing campaign .
A poster depicting the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction for £ 500 .
France 's top counter - terrorism officer has said that Brazil was warned of a plot to attack Rio de Janeiro during the Olympics in August .
Hull FC have signed hooker Joe Arundel on a two - year deal from Super League rivals Castleford Tigers .
Up to 32,000 people in the German city of Augsburg will be evacuated from their homes on Sunday because of an unexploded World War Two bomb , officials say .
Badminton is the only Olympic and Paralympic sport to have its funding withdrawn by UK Sport for the Tokyo 2020 Games .
Luton Town moved up to third in League Two with a comfortable win over Bristol City .
The family of one of the UK 's Eurovision hopefuls are flying to Sweden to watch him perform in front of a live audience .
Manchester City have been fined £ 100,000 for failing to provide accurate information on player availability for drug testing .
Great Britain 's James Scott missed out on gold in the RS : X windsurfing event at the World Sailing Championships in Spain after finishing second in the final race .
A safety device on the Virgin Galactic space plane that crashed last week , killing one of its pilots , may have malfunctioned .
The All - Ireland club hurling final will be live on the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio Ulster 1341MW from Thursday 17 March .
World number one Andy Murray reached the ATP World Tour Finals semi - finals with a straight - set win over Stan Wawrinka in London .
A new stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened to traffic .
An inquest into the death of a man who died of measles has been opened after a post - mortem examination found he had the disease .
Salford Red Devils have parted company with coach Jacques Frayssinous after just one season in charge .
Former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis has joined Hearts on loan until the end of the season as Neil Alexander and Lee Gallacher return from injury .
Lance Armstrong has said he would probably cheat again if he was racing in 1995 , when doping was " completely pervasive " in cycling .
Scottish savings bank Scotwest has appointed a new chief executive who is also chief executive of Airdrie Savings Bank .
Millions of older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing , dressing , eating and going to the toilet , according to a report .
Did n't the prime minister and the chancellor say they would only take military action in Syria if there was a majority in Parliament ?
Former Hull FC and Leigh Centurions half - back Ryan Chase says he is in the best mental shape he has ever been after re - signing for Tigers .
A council in the Isle of Man is facing a £ 580,000 budget shortfall and is considering a council tax rise .
More than 1,600 baby spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk marshes for the first time .
A student who bought a Google.com domain name on a website - buying service has been given a " bug bounty " by Google 's security team for spotting the error .
Omar Bogle and John Akinde both scored twice as Grimsby came from behind to draw with 10-man Barnet .
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas and used water cannon to disperse protesters after a curfew was imposed over the killing of an unarmed black teenager .
Championship side Burton Albion have signed Fulham 's Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until January .
Australia 's government has blocked the sale of one of the country 's most important agricultural businesses to foreign investors .
A diver has claimed to have discovered a new depth to Loch Ness , which he says is much deeper than previously thought .
The world 's oldest country is Norway , according to a new report .
Bees in 17 European countries died at an average rate of 13.6 % in the winter of 2012 - 13 , according to a new report .
A four - year - old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot .
A US court has sentenced a hacker who handed a list of US military personnel to the so - called Islamic State ( IS ) group to 20 years in prison .
A lifeboat station in one of Wales ' most dangerous seas has installed a high - definition camera to monitor sea conditions .
Malnutrition was a factor in 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes last year .
A money advice service has given a series of tips for people trying to keep their finances in order .
A record number of skiers and snowboarders have taken to the slopes across Ski Scotland this winter .
Two fire stations in Berkshire are to close at the same time .
The first ever Aberdeen Comedy Festival is getting under way .
Police investigating the murder of a woman who was found dead at her home in County Down have issued a fresh appeal for information .
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage winger Liam Roberts on a season - long loan from Burton Albion .
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss Britain 's future relationship with the EU and the migrant crisis .
A 67-year - old woman has died and a man has been seriously injured in a fire at a house in Edinburgh .
A former primary school teacher who raped and sexually abused girls in his classroom has been jailed for 12 years .
Wales women thrashed the UK Armed Forces in the first of two autumn internationals between the two sides in Cardiff .
Former Leyton Orient striker Dean Cox says he is " not too proud to play in lower divisions " after being unable to sign for an English Football League club .
TalkTalk has confirmed that the scale of a cyber - attack on its website in October was " much more limited " than initially thought .
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train young people in hospitality to help the Queen at official events .
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Spain 's Catalonia region to call for independence from Spain .
Former Leicester City defender Martin Keown says it is " out of order " for Craig Shakespeare to want to replace Claudio Ranieri as manager of the club .
At least one person has been killed and nine people are missing after a building collapsed in an explosion in the Canary Islands .
What is it about England that makes them so difficult to understand ?
The director of the Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) has been asked to investigate Fifa 's handling of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups .
Theresa May has set out her vision for a " bold , new , positive vision for the future of our country " as she launched her bid to become prime minister .
UKIP has been accused of " scaremongering " over its stance on immigration .
The US space agency ( Nasa ) has launched a mission to an asteroid called Bennu that will return a sample - return mission .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to a comfortable win over Partick Thistle to boost their Premiership survival hopes .
Families whose babies ' ashes were not given to them by a crematorium in Shropshire are taking legal action against the council .
A California mother - of - three who was kidnapped last month has been found safe and well , police say .
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes in Edinburgh .
A judge in Hong Kong has sentenced five police officers to six months in jail for assaulting a protester during pro - democracy protests .
A Northern Ireland rock star is taking part in a bone marrow donor drive in Washington DC .
Scientists say they have taken a " tremendous step forward " in the search for a cure for type 1 diabetes .
The family of an academic who died after being hit by a car while cycling in West Yorkshire have paid tribute to him .
A former Welsh Secretary has accused the UK government of " breaking a manifesto commitment " over plans to devolve income tax powers to the assembly without a referendum .
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd , scientists have announced .
Letting agencies in Wales are charging private tenants " extortionate fees " for services they do not provide , a Labour AM has claimed .
Ukraine 's interim government has vowed to step up security in the capital , Kiev , after Crimea voted to join Russia .
Prisons in England and Wales are " less safe and less decent " than they were a year ago , according to the Prison Trust .
More than 1,000 people have been charged as part of an investigation into dissident republican and loyalist paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland .
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with an acid attack on two men .
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he respects the Rugby Football Union 's decision to replace him with Gregor Townsend .
A ferry which hit a quayside in Guernsey last month has returned to service .
A suicide bomber from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) has attacked a police station in north - eastern Turkey , killing at least five people and injuring more than 30 , the Turkish army says .
The Church of England is to divest for the first time from two of the most polluting forms of energy .
Mortgage approvals rose to their highest level for more than a year in July , suggesting that the UK housing market is gathering momentum .
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Championship with victory over St Mirren .
Two men have been seen on the roof of a building in Bridgend .
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a " debacle " after her conservative Christian Democrat ( CDU ) party lost power in a regional election over her refugee policy .
A man who was forced to work as a slave for £ 20 a day for a Cardiff family was allowed to live with them , Cardiff Crown Court has heard .
Lincoln City reached the third round of the FA Cup for the first time since 2009 with a 3 - 2 win over League One side Oldham .
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he 's been working with a movement coach to help him play a transgender woman in a new film .
Young tenants are the biggest victims of identity theft in the UK , according to a new report .
Worcestershire have released all three of their T20 Blast players , including James Milnes , James Lewis and Liam McKay .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of " dog - whistle politics " and " politics of the gutter " over immigration .
Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers scored twice as Grimsby ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Accrington .
Liberian football star George Weah , a former Fifa world player of the year , has been elected to the country 's senate .
Paralympic champion sprinter Jason Smyth says he wants to give it another go at the Olympics after failing to qualify for London 2012 .
For many elderly people , finding a way to keep in touch with their grandchildren can be a challenge .
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have found the remains of five female foetuses in a plastic bag in a village in the state .
A project to celebrate the life and work of one of Scotland 's most famous poets is being launched .
Muckamore are through to the semi - finals of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup after clinching Section A with victory over Woodvale while Waringstown beat Coleraine by eight wickets .
In order to assess the profitability of the big four private - sector outsourcing companies , the National Audit Office ( NAO ) had to rely on information from the companies themselves .
Taylor Swift 's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J 's Hottest 100 .
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are still being denied equal access to education , according to a new report .
Rafael Nadal is the world number one tennis player .
Bristol Rovers manager Lee Sturrock says he is struggling to cope with the injury crisis in his squad .
Goldman Sachs will no longer conduct face - to - face interviews with college students as part of its recruitment process .
Scientists have developed a new type of battery which mimics the structure of the small intestine .
Dominika Cibulkova and Angelique Kerber are through to the final of the Miami Open for the first time with victories in straight sets .
Italian and European police say they have arrested at least 13 people suspected of being part of a jihadist network in Europe .
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car electronics firm Harman & Kardon for $ 2.3bn ( £ 1.9bn ) in cash , as it looks to expand its automotive business .
Actress Jane Fonda has become the first woman to receive the American Film Institute 's lifetime achievement award .
League One side Notts County have signed QPR midfielder Josh Clarke on loan for the rest of the season .
A social worker who was sacked after he was found to have viewed more than 1,000 pornographic videos at work has lost his appeal .
The Rollright Stones in the Cotswolds have won a Dark Sky Discovery award .
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the new Marvel superhero film Guardians of the Galaxy , playing a villainous space pirate .
Nasa 's Curiosity rover has begun analysing the Martian air for the first time .
A High Court judge has quashed a government decision to refuse planning permission for more than 1,000 homes .
A project to boost numbers of one of the UK 's rarest birds of prey has been hailed a success .
A 20-year - old man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was injured during rioting in Belfast .
A row of Victorian beach huts in Northamptonshire are to be restored with the help of £ 500,000 of government funding .
The family of a motorcyclist who died after coming off his bike on a pothole - hit road in Greater Manchester are taking legal action against the council .
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with lithium - ion batteries that they say can last up to three days between charges .
The " deep divisions " caused by the Brexit vote are " widening and exacerbating tensions in our society " , an equality watchdog has warned .
Campaigners fighting the building of new electricity pylons in the Lake District are taking part in a walk to highlight their concerns .
Northern Ireland 's first minister Gavin Robinson has accused those campaigning for the UK to leave the EU of using " fear tactics " .
On the border between California and Mexico , in the middle of a vast expanse of desert , a wall of concrete and steel stands in place .
Guns and ammunition are being sold on the dark net , a study has found .
A man who raped a woman in a " horrific attack " 30 years ago has been jailed for life .
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is not surprised by England striker Marcus Rashford 's call - up for Euro 2016 .
The Pirate Bay , one of the world 's most popular file - sharing websites , is back online .
A freight train has derailed and caught fire in the US state of Tennessee , forcing the evacuation of hundreds of people from their homes .
On 23 June , the UK will vote on whether to remain in or leave the European Union ( EU ) .
The Ospreys are to review their coaching structure following the departure of head coach Martyn Johnson .
Alfred Hitchcock 's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles 's Citizen Kane to be voted the greatest film of all time .
BBC presenter Jade Jones has given birth to a baby boy .
South Africa 's new mayor of the city of Tshwane has said he will not allow public money to be spent on luxury cars , after his predecessor bought 10 BMW cars .
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic has warned Wales that Saturday 's World Cup qualifier in Cardiff will be a " once in 100 years " encounter .
Women 's Super League Two side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed former England Under-21 international midfielder Lauren Howard .
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in Glasgow .
Singapore 's Joseph Schooling won gold in the men 's 100 m backstroke as Michael Phelps missed out on a record 23rd gold medal of the Rio Olympics .
Connacht have signed New Zealand - born prop Dominic Robertson - McCoy on a two - year deal .
Leaders of the Tour de France were stopped by police as they crossed a railway line to avoid being hit by a high - speed train during the final stage .
A 72-year - old woman who died after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire has been named .
Three teenagers jailed for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a street attack have had their sentences increased on appeal .
American conductor Anna Alsop has become the first female conductor to lead the BBC Proms , and the first to do so in the UK .
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said he is " open - minded " about a government review of the Freedom of Information Act .
British conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 83 .
Bournemouth striker Joshua King says his side will not take their foot off the gas now they have secured their Premier League status .
When the director of the Bolivian Film Foundation ( FCB ) in La Paz , Maria del Carmen Cappa , found a box in the back of her car , she knew she had stumbled across something special .
The news that Muhammad Ali has died at the age of 74 has prompted an outpouring of tributes on social media .
More than 100 churches in Nigeria 's biggest city , Lagos , have been ordered to shut down after residents complained about noise levels .
India 's biometric identity database will be the largest in the world , capable of verifying the identity of more than a billion people .
A community in Cambodia has taken control of mangrove forests in a bid to increase income from fishing and tourism .
Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson and Scottish Labour leader Willie Rennie for failing to attend Westminster 's debate on Syria .
A woman has been jailed for six years for killing her unborn baby by poisoning her with a drug she bought online .
Conservationists have criticised a draft version of a report on the future of national parks in Wales .
Borussia Dortmund coach Borussia Monchengladbach 's final game in charge of the club ended in a shock 3 - 1 defeat by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final .
A full - blown undergraduate degree could be offered online within five years , the head of one of the world 's biggest online university platforms says .
An 11-year - old jazz pianist from Indonesia has become an internet sensation after being nominated for a Grammy at New York 's Jazz at Lincoln Center gala .
Director Terrence Malick and screenwriter Wim Wenders and actor Tom Ford 's drama Nocturnal Animals are among the films in competition at this year 's Venice Film Festival .
Work has begun on a giant shield to protect the remains of the crippled Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine .
In a refugee camp in northern Iraq , near the border with Syria , a group of Yazidi women and their friends were talking in hushed tones , as they waited for visitors .
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in a lay - by in south Armagh .
A teenager who suffered " life - changing injuries " when he fell through a skylight at a college has failed in a legal bid for compensation .
An ex - CIA agent convicted in Italy for his role in the abduction and torture of a terror suspect has been arrested in Panama , US officials say .
At least 39 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in an Iraqi town , officials say .
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) has been named as the winner of the Martin Ennals Award for outstanding contribution to human rights .
A man has died in a house fire in Sussex .
The leak of a draft version of Labour 's general election manifesto before it has been formally discussed is unprecedented .
A council has said it will work with Legoland to improve traffic management at the theme park after visitors complained of long delays leaving .
The government has temporarily suspended a controversial fast - track system which allows asylum seekers to be detained while they wait for their hearings .
GoPro , the maker of action cameras and drones , has said it will cut 5,000 jobs and shut its drone business .
The 100th anniversary of Charles Rennie Mackintosh 's masterpiece , the Glasgow School of Art , has been marked with a special ceremony .
Harlequins have signed French fly - half Demetri Catrakilis from Pau .
The BBC has a reputation for keeping secrets .
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government .
The number of new house sales fell sharply in April , according to the latest survey of surveyors .
Aung San Suu Kyi 's opposition National League for Democracy ( NLD ) party has named two candidates to be vice - presidents in Myanmar 's parliament .
A £ 26.7 m project to transform Alexandra Palace into a permanent home for the BBC has been given the go - ahead .
Veteran US actor Steven Wallach , best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good , the Bad and the Ugly , has died at the age of 93 .
Prime Minister David Cameron has come to Wales for the second time in as many years .
Brentford have offered free entry to Oldham Athletic fans for Saturday 's League One game at Griffin Park .
The UK film industry spent an all - time high on film production last year , according to figures from the British Film Institute .
Plans for a new Concorde museum in Bristol have been given the go - ahead .
A rugby player died when his car was involved in a high - speed race with a Porsche , an inquest heard .
The UK economy grew at an annual rate of 0.6 % in the third quarter of the year , according to official figures .
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in the Premier League opener against Tottenham on Saturday , says manager Louis van Gaal .
A woman who was sexually abused by a gang of Asian men in Rochdale five years ago has said the abuse is still going on .
Derbyshire fast bowlers Jack Cotton and James Taylor have signed new one - year contracts with the county until the end of the 2017 season .
US striker Abby Wambach has announced she will retire from international football at the end of the Women 's World Cup .
League One side Walsall have signed midfielder Jonny Williams from Crewe Alexandra for an undisclosed fee .
The rule of thumb in the music business is that if you 're good enough , you can be good enough .
A ban on the use of e - cigarettes indoors and a ban on piercing and tattoo parlours are among new measures announced by Welsh ministers .
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Republic of Ireland striker Nicky Makris on a four - and - a - half - year deal .
A dress worn by US actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Oscars has been stolen from the hotel where she was staying after the ceremony .
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the assembly election , promising to create a well - educated and wealthier Wales .
Eastern European candidates in the race to be the next UN secretary - general are in danger of missing out on the chance to lead the world 's most powerful organisation .
A 25-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a cyclist was hit and killed by a car .
More than 1,000 holidaymakers are still waiting to find out if they will be able to travel to Turkey after a tour operator collapsed .
Hundreds of mourners have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore to attend the funerals of victims of Sunday 's church bombings .
A former soldier has been jailed for life for the rape and murder of a 15-year - old girl who was found dead in 1976 .
Soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the city of Bouaké in the south - eastern city of Abidjan in a mutiny over pay .
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Liverpool and Kilmarnock striker Michael Ngoo .
Banks and accountants who help clients evade tax could face fines of up to £ 1 m under plans proposed by Danny Alexander .
A book that cost a Hereford school more than Â£7,000 to borrow more than 100 years ago has been returned to the library after being found in a collection of school books .
Up to 40 % of subsidised bus services in Wales could be axed if the Welsh government makes cuts of the scale proposed by Chancellor George Osborne , local authorities have warned .
A public inquiry has begun into plans to build more than 1,000 homes in Kent .
More than 1,000 people have travelled to Northern Ireland from the Republic of Ireland in the past 24 hours , police have said .
League Two side Stevenage have signed striker James Hyde on a two - year deal .
Melania Trump 's decision not to move into the White House with her 10-year - old son Barron when she becomes first lady has been widely criticised .
The original artwork for a Beatles album sleeve designed by Sir Peter Blake has topped a list of the most valuable rare album sleeves .
A 91-year - old motorcyclist has died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record .
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he is " frustrated " by his side 's failure to reach the World Cup final but believes they are in " pretty good shape " for the Six Nations .
Up to 300,000 new apprenticeships should be created each year in England to tackle a " patchwork " vocational education system , a report says .
Breastfeeding rates in England are at their highest level since records began , according to new figures .
The company behind plans to build an electricity interconnector between the Western Isles and the mainland has submitted a business case for the project .
Mae'r rhan o'u hymgyrch Gwylio Adar yr Ardd yng Nghymru i ddeall beth sy'n digwydd i hoff adar gerddi Cymru yn y gaeaf .
York City have re - signed striker David Parkin on loan from Macclesfield Town for the rest of the season .
At the top , but not in the cabinet .
World number one Angelique Kerber is out of the Australian Open after losing 6 - 4 6 - 3 to Zheng Saisai in the second round in Melbourne .
British author William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel .
Russia has blocked access to more than 1,000 pornography websites , saying they " spread pornography " .
Britain 's involvement in the Iraq war " radicalised a whole generation " of young people , the former head of MI5 has said .
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar is taking place at the same time as the military operation to recapture the city of Mosul .
Everton manager Ronald Koeman 's criticism of the Republic of Ireland 's training schedule is " slightly over the top " , says Toffees captain Michael Keane .
More than 20 people have been arrested following violent clashes between far - right and anti - fascist protesters in Maidstone .
One fire engine has been left at the scene of a blaze at an industrial estate in Inverness .
Four men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of police officers in Craigavon .
Welsh referee Nigel Owens says he will continue to officiate for as long as he can after being selected for the 2019 World Cup .
Australia 's immigration minister , Peter Dutton , says he takes allegations of abuse at an immigration detention centre on Nauru " very seriously " .
A teenager has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex .
Lotus has been given more time to complete its takeover by Renault Sport after a winding - up petition by HM Revenue and Customs was adjourned .
Few Christian refugees will be allowed to come to the UK under the government 's plan to resettle thousands of Syrians in the UK , the Archbishop of Westminster has said .
A Northamptonshire MP facing deselection over a £ 10.25 m loan scandal has said he will not stand for re - election .
Drivers ' groups have criticised plans to increase the cost of speeding courses for motorists caught over the limit .
Taiwan 's Foxconn , the world 's biggest contract electronics maker , has reported a 16 % rise in quarterly profits , helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads .
It was supposed to be the bad old days .
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept or reject the terms of an EU - IMF bailout .
London Fire Brigade ( LFB ) has apologised after using the term " hipster " to describe a fire which destroyed a number of businesses in east London .
Airbus and OneWeb have announced plans to build the world 's largest constellation of satellites .
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has turned down a bid from League Two rivals Gillingham to sign midfielder Luke Byrne .
An amateur boxing association is " not fit for purpose " and does not qualify to receive public money , according to an audit report .
A supplier of ambulances to the new South Central Ambulance Service has claimed he has not been paid for six months .
A man has been arrested after two men died in a car crash in Stoke - on - Trent .
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure on Women 's Super League One leaders Manchester City with a comfortable win at Liverpool Ladies .
Former world number one Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as Justin Rose took a one - shot lead into the final round .
A transgender woman in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu has become the first in the country to be allowed to join the police .
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a " burning desire " to remain in charge of the national side after the 2018 World Cup , says FAW chief executive Martyn Roberts .
The London Stock Exchange ( LSE ) and Deutsche Boerse have said they have agreed a deal to merge , with the aim of creating the world 's biggest exchange group .
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini to be the next president of Fifa after he announced his candidacy for the post .
Sir Ben Ainslie led Team New Zealand to a dramatic America 's Cup victory over Oracle Team USA in a dramatic final in San Francisco .
A former Stanford University student who was sentenced to six months in prison for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has been released from jail .
Kenny Johnson scored a stoppage - time winner as Motherwell beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle to boost their Premiership play - off hopes .
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor , Barack Obama , is partly to blame for protests against his policies .
More women are becoming nuns in the UK than at any time in 25 years , according to the Roman Catholic Church .
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean .
An inquest into the deaths of four British soldiers killed in a car crash in Afghanistan has been opened and adjourned .
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past decade .
Loganair has completed the first stage of a £ 15 m refurbishment of its fleet of Saab aircraft .
A wind turbine has collapsed on a wind farm in County Londonderry .
A report into the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother and grandmother 's dog has criticised police for failing to act on concerns about the animal .
Former States Minister David Parkinson has been re - elected to the St Peter Port North seat in a by - election .
Drivers of diesel cars will face a " toxin tax " as part of plans to tackle air pollution , the prime minister has said .
A fisherman in the north - eastern Brazilian state of Para has found a piece of debris that appears to have come from a UK - built satellite .
China will " help make the difference " to the crisis in the steel industry , Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said .
Indian nurses who were freed by Islamist militants in Iraq have arrived back in the southern state of Kerala in southern India .
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady says he is " sorry our league had to endure " the ' deflate - gate ' scandal after being cleared to play in the NFL .
England 's Ian Poulter moved into a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the BMW PGA Championship at Royal Troon .
A Pembrokeshire man has been left " baffled " after receiving a postcard 29 years after it was sent to the wrong address .
A man has been arrested by police investigating claims Pippa Middleton 's iCloud account was hacked and private pictures of her children offered to a newspaper .
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a run of seven straight Premier League defeats .
The highest temperature ever recorded in the UK - 36.7C ( 98F ) - has been recorded in London , as the heatwave continues across the country .
Chelsea have appointed Guus Hiddink as Jose Mourinho 's successor as interim manager for the rest of the season .
Crystal Palace striker Yannick Bolasie is worth a lot more than the £ 5 m he was valued at last summer , according to the club .
A construction worker at a £ 50 m arts and innovation centre in Gwynedd has told BBC Wales the building is a " mess " and may not open until June .
The strike by NHS staff in England and Northern Ireland has come to an end .
The family of Dutch legend Johan Cruyff have thanked fans for the " love , kind words and memories " they have received since his death .
An Indian woman has been praised for using social media to help a distressed family , after she tweeted to the country 's railway ministry .
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Stephen McIlhagga .
The Scottish and Welsh governments have rejected the government 's Brexit bill as a " naked power - grab " that will result in a " bonanza " for Holyrood .
Israeli police have launched an investigation into alleged price - fixing by travel agencies that organise school trips to Holocaust memorials .
A nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years .
Elite firms are " systematically excluding bright working - class applicants " from their workforce , a report says .
Joe Root is " the obvious candidate " to be England 's next Test captain , says bowler James Anderson .
A lorry driver has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of a couple in a crash in Bedfordshire .
The United States was once the world 's dominant power .
Three brothers from Northern Ireland have been jailed for a total of 12 years for a number of drugs offences .
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering six of her own babies .
In El Salvador 's capital , San Salvador , a television ad has been running for the past two weeks , urging people not to join one of the country 's powerful gangs , known as " maras " , and to stay away from them .
The body of a man has been found at a recycling plant in Somerset .
Plans for a new bridge over the River Tay on the A9 have been unveiled .
Council - run schools should be allowed to take on the running of failing academies , say local authorities .
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Dale Stephens will miss the start of the new Championship season after the Football Association rejected his appeal against his red card .
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi - fi is working properly .
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed due to the fire at Grenfell Tower .
He may not have the same name as the greats of Liverpool footballing history as Kevin Keegan , Kenny Dalglish or Ian Rush , but John Wallace is one of the club 's greatest Welshmen .
South African prosecutors have applied for permission to appeal against the prison sentence given to athlete Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend .
Syrian government forces have recaptured a key district of the central city of Homs , state media say , hours after it fell to rebels .
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after a crash on the A470 in Monmouthshire .
New Zealand 's Joseph Parker will fight WBO heavyweight champion Joseph Ruiz Jr for the vacant WBO title in December after Tyson Fury pulled out of the bout .
Leeds United have signed midfielder Marko Benedicic from AC Milan for an undisclosed fee .
Two police officers have been found guilty of conspiring to steal heroin worth Â£1 m from a consignment destined for Birmingham .
Plans for a £ 10 m palliative care centre for cancer patients at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled .
Ethiopia has come a long way in the last seven years .
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre for a rare muscle - wasting disease to be opened in Wales .
A woman who led a campaign to get people vaccinated against polio 50 years ago has been praised for her " remarkable work " .
Somerset have re - signed South Africa all - rounder Jacques van der Nerwe on a two - year deal .
A cathedral in Surrey is set to be restored after a £ 7 m fundraising campaign to save it from closure .
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Canberra and summoned Australia 's ambassador after reports that Australian spy agencies spied on its president .
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee .
( Close ) : The pound strengthened against the euro and the dollar on Tuesday , recovering some of Monday 's losses .
The FBI has been asked to help police in the same case as the San Bernardino attack in which it asked Apple to help unlock the iPhone of one of the killers .
Rio de Janeiro 's famous Mangueira samba school has won the prestigious Copacabana carnival title for the second year running .
Singapore - based Olam International has been accused of sourcing most of its palm oil from " rogue " palm oil producers in Indonesia who are responsible for deforestation and slash - and - burn practices that contribute to the annual haze in Southeast Asia .
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries .
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been accused of being " arrogant " and " disgraceful " by former Manchester United captain Gary Neville .
Sunderland 's new signing Michael Vaughan says the Championship side need to be mentally tough if they are to succeed .
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says her trainer Virgil Hunter is capable of turning her into a world champion .
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with a neck injury in Edinburgh .
Theresa May has been trying to reassure world leaders that the UK is still ' bold ' and ' outward looking ' after Brexit .
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on mochi rice cakes .
Salmon has been the biggest single export from the UK in the first half of the year , helping to drive a rise in food and drink exports .
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has risen to its highest level since 2004 , according to the police watchdog .
A Russian court has sentenced six teenagers to jail for performing an " erotic and sexual twerk dance " at a World War Two memorial in the Arctic Circle .
A man has denied the manslaughter of a rugby player who died after an incident in Swansea .
So what does the Budget Responsibility Lock mean ?
Detectives investigating the murders of a mother and son at a flat in south - west London have said they are " confident " there were no other victims .
Labour needs to " get back to the values of the British people " and show it can be trusted with people 's money , leadership contender Liz Kendall has said .
Labour has been defeated in its bid to limit the growth of high - speed betting machines on High Streets .
A protest has been held outside the Orange Order headquarters in Londonderry against the departure of Fr John Donegan .
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders boss John Callaghan as their new manager .
Sony has announced plans to revive vinyl record production for the first time in 30 years .
The Republican Party in North Carolina has nominated an establishment candidate to challenge Democratic Senator Kay Hagan , who is seeking re - election .
The Bank of England has published its five - year " stress test " for UK banks , which will assess their ability to cope with a global economic crisis .
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons says he is " looking forward to putting behind him " after apologising for comments he made about the West Indies selection process .
When Russell Knox arrived at Inverness Country Club for the Scottish Open , the rain was pouring down .
Army bomb disposal officers have carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle in Glasgow city centre .
The daughter of British aid worker David Haines , who was killed by so - called Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Syria , has called for military action against the group .
Scientists have found a new way to boost the immune system that could help treat deadly bacterial infections .
A plane flying from Edinburgh to Chicago has made a second emergency landing at the city 's airport in two days .
The husband of a British - Iranian mother - of - two jailed in Iran says he is " terrified " as she prepares to appeal against her sentence .
The chief executive of BT Openreach , Joe Garner , is to leave the telecoms firm to take up the same role at the Nationwide building society .
A 28-year - old police officer has been arrested in connection with a hoax terror threat to an officer .
Olympic champion Tom Latham won Great Britain 's first medal of the Track Cycling World Championships with bronze in the men 's scratch sprint .
Conor McGregor says he will fight at UFC 200 after being withdrawn from the card last week .
An 18th Century stately home has reopened to the public after a £ 3.5 m revamp .
The way we buy food and drink has changed dramatically over the last century .
The UK will continue to oppose any attempt to create an EU army , the UK defence secretary has told the BBC .
Western Sahara officials have welcomed Morocco 's readmission to the African Union ( AU ) , saying it is a " historic moment " for the disputed territory .
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been jailed for three months for drink - driving .
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their World Cup disappointment and win the war against Switzerland if they are to qualify for Euro 2016 .
Two former leaders of Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge regime , including leader Pol Pot , have gone on trial in a second trial for war crimes .
A man has been charged in connection with an explosion at a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago .
Wrexham first - team coach Gary Morrell has been asked to take charge of the club 's first team following the departure of manager Dean Saunders .
A woman has died in a house fire in Londonderry .
Ukraine 's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Kiev on Sunday , with Ukraine 's entry , 1944 , winning the competition for the second year running .
Changes to the way the Welsh Government is funded could have a " large negative impact " on the Welsh budget , experts have warned .
One of the world 's most important coral reefs has suffered its worst coral bleaching in decades , according to scientists .
UK and Scottish fishermen have been given an increase in their North Sea fishing quotas for 2015 .
The closure of the so - called " Balkan route " has not stopped people seeking to reach western Europe , but it has made it more difficult for them to find a way in , as the BBC 's Mark Lowen reports from Belgrade .
Pakistan has lifted its ban on YouTube , which was imposed in 2012 after a blasphemous video was uploaded .
Two of the last two journalists to work on Fleet Street have spoken of their shock at the departure of the street 's last two major newspapers .
Britain 's Chris Froome extended his Vuelta a Espana lead to 32 seconds after a crash at the end of the final stage .
A 16-year - old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been jailed for eight months .
The Church of England has appointed the first woman to be a bishop in its history , the Bishop of Stockport , the Very Reverend Anne Lane .
More than 50 jobs are at risk at a Rhondda Cynon Taff logistics firm after it announced plans to close a distribution centre .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man in Leicester .
One of the longest - serving head teachers in the country is to retire at the age of 83 .
Leading scientists have called for a radical overhaul of UK regulations on genetically modified ( GM ) crops , saying they are being held back by strict EU rules .
Pete Kennaugh became the first British rider to win four out of five stages of the Giro d'Italia with victory on Sunday .
Bristol City came from two goals down to beat 10-man Watford at Vicarage Road in the EFL Cup second round .
More than 5,000 new jobs have been created or safeguarded by foreign direct investment in Wales in the past year .
Catalonia is one of Spain 's most prosperous regions but it is also one of its most Eurosceptic , with a long - running campaign for independence .
The head of Spain 's rail operator Renfe has said the driver of the train that derailed in Galicia last month , killing 13 people , did not report any problems on the journey to the station .
It 's been a day of dramatic reversals .
Premier League clubs have " turned the corner " and are entering a " new era of sustained profitability " , according to Deloitte .
Jeremy Clarkson could return to Top Gear , according to BBC director general Tony Yentob .
Car owners can modify software on their vehicles without violating copyright laws , the US Library of Congress has ruled .
Google has been ordered to hand over details of four people who left fake reviews of a Dutch nursery on its Google+ social network .
Derbyshire fast bowler Tim Benkenstein hopes to be fit for the start of the County Championship season after suffering a shoulder injury .
Prince William has said he does not " lie awake at night waiting to be king " .
Former Aberdeen and Rangers defender John Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set - up to replace Mark McCall .
Voting has begun in local elections across Merseyside .
Crusaders moved five points clear at the top of the Irish Premiership with two late goals from Craig Whyte and James Forsythe securing victory over Linfield .
A man has been left " absolutely traumatised " after being attacked and robbed at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire .
At least 24 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on the Islamic State - held Syrian city of Raqqa , activists say .
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be scrapped after being sold off in separate deals .
Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said .
It 's that time of year when many of us are anxiously awaiting the results of our A - level and A - Level exams .
Passengers on a cruise ship that caught fire on Wednesday have been allowed to disembark after more than a week at sea .
A rape victim has written to the Director of Public Prosecutions ( CPS ) Alison Saunders asking for an urgent review of the decision to drop her case .
The Walkers crisps factory in East Durham is to close with the loss of 355 jobs , the firm has confirmed .
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age settlement in Dorset .
Ricardo Garcia , the former US federal prosecutor who led the Fifa investigation into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup to Russia and Qatar , is one of the most colourful figures in international sport .
Jack Grealish scored a hat - trick as England began their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Guinea .
A 72-year - old woman with " histrionic personality disorder " who tried to kill herself last year has won a legal battle to refuse kidney dialysis treatment .
A former chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury has criticised a cathedral 's decision to read from the Koran during a service .
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for the experience of facing New Zealand , despite their heavy defeat in Dunedin .
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw midfielder Krystian Bielik on a season - long loan .
Glasgow Warriors ' Champions Cup campaign began with a heavy defeat by Northampton Saints at Scotstoun .
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported a sharp rise in sales for the fourth quarter , helped by a strong US housing market .
I 'm back at Wimbledon after winning my first - round match against Andreas Seppi , and I 'm looking forward to the rest of the tournament .
A fire which destroyed a former textile mill in Bradford has been described as " devastating " by Historic England .
Prime Minister David Cameron 's decision to take military action against the so - called Islamic State in Syria is a significant moment for the UK - and for the country .
In the 19th Century , Japanese knotweed was introduced to the UK as an ornamental plant .
Phil Taylor beat Kim Huybrechts to set up a PDC World Championship quarter - final against Raymond van Barneveld .
Leigh Centurions ended Salford Red Devils ' hopes of a top - four finish in the Super League with a comfortable victory at Leigh .
A man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend 's ex - boyfriend to death in a jealous rage has been jailed for life .
The partner of a transgender woman who died in prison has called for an inquiry into her death after she wrote an open letter saying she did not want to be there .
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith over Jeremy Corbyn in the party 's leadership contest .
Work is under way to restore a section of the Swansea to Swansea canal which has been derelict for decades .
Instagram , the photo - sharing service owned by Facebook , has announced that it is introducing advertising on its platform .
Australia 's Speaker of the House of Representatives , Peter Slipper , has resigned from parliament amid a sexual harassment scandal that has threatened Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's majority .
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome 's international airport with cocaine hidden in the soles of his trainers , police say .
It 's that time of the year again .
Ricky Burns fought hard to retain his IBF featherweight title in front of a sell - out crowd at the SSE Hydro in Glasgow despite being knocked out in the eighth round by Mexican Andres Beltran .
Mexican footballer Javier Pulido , who was kidnapped on Saturday , called an emergency number on his mobile phone and threatened his kidnapper while on the phone , officials say .
Antarctic emperor penguins are more adaptable than previously thought to cope with the effects of climate change , according to new research .
Plans for a new £ 10 m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved .
Scottish pig farmers are facing a " cash negative situation " because of a sharp fall in the price of the meat , according to a farming union .
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Wednesday 's first practice session at the Isle of Man TT with the fastest lap of the week .
A 19-year - old man has died after suffering a head injury while on his way home from a house party in south London .
Hull City manager Steve Bruce says Robert Snodgrass will be out of action for six months with a knee injury .
Goals from Craig Tanner and Oscar Threlkeld gave League Two leaders Plymouth Argyle victory over Crawley at Home Park .
Two colleges in Dorset have been awarded more than £ 10 m in government grants to help fund major building projects .
Burnley defender Ben Jones has signed a new two - year contract with the Premier League club .
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1 .
A body found in a wooded area in Wirral has been identified as missing woman Stephanie Stevenson .
Newport Gwent Dragons missed the chance to go top of the Pro12 as they lost to Edinburgh at Rodney Parade .
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $ 13bn ( Â£9.5bn ) fine for its role in the mortgage - backed securities scandal , according to reports .
Plans for the extension of the London Underground 's Northern line have been approved by the government .
The number of women who have suffered a miscarriage in the UK has risen by more than 50 % in the last five years , according to new research .
England 's collapse in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was not down to the pitch .
Microsoft has unveiled Xbox SmartGlass , a device that connects Xbox consoles to Windows 8-powered tablets and smartphones .
Lancashire missed out on promotion to Division Two of the One - Day Cup after rain washed out their match against Warwickshire .
Kilmarnock 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership were ended as they were beaten at home by Ross County .
Snooker star Mark Lee has been fined and ordered to repay £ 1,600 after he conned a fan out of a snooker cue worth £ 2,000 .
Some of Wales ' forests could be sold off on a case - by - case basis , the environment minister has said .
It 's been a strange week in Brussels .
The government 's immigration cap could have caused a " crisis " in the NHS this winter if it had not been in place , MPs have warned .
Scott Allan has the " swagger " to succeed at Celtic if he were to leave Rangers , according to ex - Rangers captain Barry Ferguson .
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell and Cambuslang to protest against Tata Steel 's plans to mothball two of its plants .
A man has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville , one of the Disappeared .
The second film in the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them film series will be released in 2018 , Warner Bros has announced .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found at a house .
Rangers ' signing of Bruno Alves is the " perfect fit " for manager Pedro Caixinha 's plans at Ibrox , according to former defender Mick McCarthy .
A burglar was shot in the leg with a crossbow after being mistaken for a drug dealer during a burglary at his home , a court has heard .
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for the European Team Championships in Finland as she has already committed to another race .
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a Belfast concert because singer Jesy Nelson was unwell .
Manchester United are set to spend £ 100 m in the summer transfer window after securing Champions League football for next season .
Teachers ' pay will be devolved to the assembly , Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced .
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a US - led coalition air strike on a village in eastern Syria , activists say .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
South Africa wrapped up a five - wicket win over Sri Lanka in the first one - day international to take a 1 - 0 lead .
Visitors to a hospital have been banned from its wards after a norovirus outbreak .
A man has died in a house fire in Oxford .
Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo headed a Red Bull one - two in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru yn pwysleisio fod eu hymchwiliad yn parhau am y gyllell gafodd ei defnyddio i drywanu llofruddio
Mario Balotelli says he was about to leave the pitch after being racially abused by Roma fans during a Serie A match .
An Indian writer - activist has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem .
England manager Sam Allardyce says Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart 's future is a " big concern " for the national team .
A former Labour MP and ally of Jeremy Corbyn has joined the Liberal Democrats .
Welsh actress Angharad Rees , best known for her role as Demelza in the 1970s TV series Poldark , has died aged 72 .
The world 's biggest fund manager , BlackRock , is set to cut up to 1,000 jobs , according to reports .
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in a Gran Fondo and Sky Ride in Plymouth .
A project to help women from black and ethnic minority groups into work has been funded by the Scottish government .
Three pupils at Dumfries and Galloway High School have been expelled after the discovery of cannabis on school property .
Premier League champions Chelsea have taken part in an open - top bus parade to celebrate winning the title .
When Les Hutchison agreed to sell his 76 % shareholding in Motherwell to the club 's supporters , it was always going to take time .
Bristol Devils ' Elite League title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 4 - 1 by Sheffield Panthers in the Challenge Cup semi - final .
A teenager and his mother have set two world records in the same lap of the Isle of Wight .
Treating lung cancer patients with whole brain radiotherapy does not improve their quality of life , a study in the Lancet suggests .
Two men have been killed in a two - car crash in South Yorkshire .
A man has been jailed for helping the killer of an 18-year - old who was killed in a hit - and - run 12 years ago escape justice .
Indian sprinter Gurpreet Singh has accused the country 's anti - doping agency of " conspiracy " after failing a drugs test .
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife , Penelope , have been questioned by police as part of an investigation into allegations that she took millions of euros of public money .
A woman accused of being sexually abused by a former royal aide has told a court she is " not fantasising , lying or imagining it " .
The Australian government has been accused of trying to " gag " doctors and nurses by threatening them with up to two years in prison if they reveal information about conditions in asylum seeker detention centres .
Nine men have been cautioned after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans .
Women 's Champions League holders Paris St - Germain have signed Netherlands international midfielder Sarah Middag from Ajax on a three - year deal .
A man has been jailed for 12 years for trying to kill a takeaway worker with a meat cleaver .
The most popular vegetables for school lunches are carrots , sweetcorn and peas , a survey suggests .
Chesterfield director of football Gary Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent .
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England 's batsmen dominated the final day of their warm - up match against South Africa in Durban .
Relegation to the National League would be " devastating " for Newport County and the city of Newport , according to chairman David Foxall .
An ex - serviceman who wrote a children 's book about the Falklands War has teamed up with veterans from across the armed forces to record adaptations of it for children .
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is not fit enough to play for the club because of his weight .
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the third one - day international to level the series .
It 's a big year for social media marketing , with more than 1,000 business leaders from around the world attending a conference in London .
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of planning to carry out a terror attack in Germany , prosecutors say .
A 95-year - old man who phoned in to a BBC radio show to say his wife 's dementia was making his life " hell " was taken to the studio by listeners .
It is not often that BBC Radio 4 asks me to make a programme about love .
Two of the UK 's leading business figures have told the BBC they would be " definitely " in if the UK votes to leave the EU .
Granada coach Tony Adams has resigned after seven matches in charge of the club following their defeat by Espanyol .
Mexico 's President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help artisans whose stalls were destroyed in an explosion at a fireworks market on Tuesday .
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham goalkeeper Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season .
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash in Nottinghamshire .
Swansea City Supporters ' Trust has said it is still waiting to hear from the new owners of the Premier League club .
An eight - year - old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her twin brother at a new play park .
Rangers returned to the top of the Premiership with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox .
Wales reached the quarter - finals of Euro 2016 with a 4 - 0 win over Northern Ireland and a 1 - 0 victory over Hungary .
Human remains have been found during a dig at the Corn Exchange in Brighton .
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma for almost all of that time .
Cattle farmers are being urged to take simple steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis ( TB ) in their herds .
A campaign has been launched to save the collection of Welsh writer Arthur Machen in Newport 's reference library .
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has suffered severe brain damage after suffering a cardiac arrest during a pre - season friendly match in Austria , the Dutch club say .
The Scottish government has been warned it could face legal action over its failure to tackle air pollution .
The row over French President Francois Hollande 's promise to strip convicted terrorists of their nationality if they commit acts of terrorism has exposed the deep divisions within his own party .
Theresa May 's letter to the European Council president setting out the UK 's plans for leaving the EU has been met with a mixture of anger and frustration .
Monarch Airlines has said it expects bookings to recover in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris .
Nigeria defender Efe Ambrose has completed his move from Celtic to Blackburn Rovers for an undisclosed fee .
Matt Marshall scored a hat - trick of tries as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale at Kingsholm .
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as Charles scored a late winner for Espanyol .
The number of mental health patients waiting for treatment on the NHS in Wales has risen for the first time in six years , figures have shown .
Frank Pantridge , the man who invented the world 's first portable defibrillator , was known as a " c cantankerous , gruff " and " mischievous " man .
A protest has been held over plans to dig up a former burial ground for the HS2 high - speed rail line .
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan 's Softbank for £ 24.3bn is a " bad deal " for the UK economy , according to the chief executive of the chipmaker Lord Myners .
Microsoft has admitted that it searched a blogger 's Hotmail account in order to find out the identity of an employee .
A white supremacist who shot and killed three people outside Jewish community centres and a retirement home has been sentenced to death .
Huddersfield Town took a big step towards the Championship play - off places with a comfortable victory over Norwich City .
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Emmanuel Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Josh Bingham on loan until January .
Scottish Chambers of Commerce ( SCC ) has said it has identified " significant opportunities " for Scottish businesses in China .
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she would love to qualify for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio if she is not selected for Great Britain 's team .
The inventor of an affordable prosthetic hand that can be fitted to an amputee in minutes has won a £ 2,000 UK engineering prize .
West Ham United has been ordered to reveal the commercial terms of its deal to rent the Olympic Stadium .
Gordon Strachan spoke at half - time of Scotland 's 2 - 2 draw with Malta on Sunday night .
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One , according to Peterborough manager Grant McCann .
Plymouth Argyle defender Paul Hartley says his late winner in the League Two play - off semi - final win over Portsmouth was the " biggest moment " of his career .
Copenhagen police say they believe the submarine in which a Swedish journalist went missing on a trip to the South Pole was deliberately sunk .
Labour has won the battle for the youth vote in the general election .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) president , Thomas Bach , says he has no regrets over the decision to ban Russia 's athletes from the Rio 2016 Games .
Anthony Joshua has been told he must fight WBA world heavyweight champion David Ortiz if he wants to retain his title .
Chris Eubank Jr will make the first defence of his British middleweight title against Liam Doran in London on Saturday , despite the brain injury suffered by former champion Chris Blackwell .
More than a third of people cared for by crisis teams in the home by the NHS in the UK committed suicide last year , a report suggests .
Fiji , a Pacific island nation in the South Pacific , is one of the world 's fastest - growing democracies .
NHS Highland has approved plans to set up a Community Midwife Unit ( CMU ) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick .
Bristol Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart on a two - year deal after he was released by the Alaska Aces .
An exhibition celebrating the work of William Blake has opened at a museum in Oxford following the discovery of his printing studio .
A new primary school in the Highlands has been closed after a hot water pipe burst above two classrooms .
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British press of " bias , prejudices and attacks " during a speech in the City of London .
Dundee have signed former Motherwell and Partick Thistle defender Paul van Zanten on a two - year deal .
Richard Hannon believes apprentice jockey Richard Marquand has the potential to follow in the footsteps of Ryan Moore .
The entrance to the Natural History Museum in London 's Trafalgar Square is ajar .
A coach drop - off and pick - up point in Conwy town centre could be improved in a bid to improve road safety .
The International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) says it has seen evidence that North Korea is restarting a nuclear reprocessing plant .
Australian expats living in the UK are heading to the polls on Thursday to vote in the EU referendum .
The Education Secretary Michael Gove has ordered an investigation into the removal of three children from the care of a couple in Rotherham because they were UKIP members .
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston says he is relishing the challenge of leading the Bairns back to the Championship .
Astronomers using the Hubble Space Telescope have spotted more monster stars in space than ever before .
Nicolas Dauman , the chief executive of Viacom , has been removed from the board of National Amusements , the company run by Sumner Redstone .
England captain Chris Robshaw says his side 's discipline was " shocking " as they lost to France in their final World Cup warm - up match .
Isle of Wight Council is to appeal to the High Court over a decision not to prosecute a father who took his daughter on holiday during term time .
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson lost 6 - 4 6 - 2 to Chan Hye - Jin and Chan Tsung - hwa in the mixed doubles final of the Hong Kong Open .
UK consumer spending has fallen for the first time in four years , according to credit card firm Visa .
A 19-year - old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a mass murder in London .
Shrien Dewani , the man accused of murdering his wife in South Africa , has been extradited from the UK to face trial .
Cuts to midwife training in Wales are putting maternity services at risk , a report has warned .
An Iron Age hill fort in Gwynedd may have been occupied much earlier than previously thought .
The BBC News website looks at some of the key stories of the week in the world of sport .
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly , one of the founding fathers of the Republican Party , has died aged 91 .
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau hit a record high in 2010 , official figures show .
US tech giant Qualcomm has agreed to pay a record $ 18bn ( Â£13.5bn ) fine in China after the country 's competition watchdog ruled it broke anti - monopoly laws .
A 33-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of a man and a woman whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe 's forthcoming elections .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the M6 in Staffordshire .
A Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and assault of a woman who they kept as a prisoner at Maghaberry Prison .
A$ AP Mob rapper A$ AP Rocky has died from a drug overdose , according to reports .
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of being part of the Berlin lorry attack suspect has been released without charge .
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga is set to return to training later this week after being treated for malaria .
Jon Stewart , the host of the US satirical news show The Daily Show , has hosted his final episode of the show .
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte is to stand trial on charges relating to the sale of the club .
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season .
Poland 's right - wing Law and Justice ( PiS ) party has won enough votes to form a government on its own in parliamentary elections .
Plans to expand Luton Airport to accommodate up to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed .
Guernsey boss Gary Vance says his side 's FA Cup first - round tie with League Two side Plymouth Argyle was " a game we could have done without " .
Oldham Athletic beat 10-man Wigan Athletic 2 - 1 at Boundary Park to record their first win of the season .
It was a tough time for the founders of BrewDog , the UK 's fastest - growing craft brewery .
Motorcyclists in Tanzania are being trained to act as first - responders in a bid to reduce the number of road accidents in the country .
The cholesterol - lowering drugs statins can prevent more than 1,000 heart attacks a year , according to an independent review .
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have pleaded guilty to a charge of breaching the Environment Act after sewage leaked into a river .
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has not ruled out bringing in a new striker in the January transfer window .
The government 's plans to give English MPs an effective veto over English - only laws have been defeated in the House of Lords .
South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma has said he is willing to pay back the money spent on upgrading his stately home .
When Saito Doga left his job as an investment banker in Tokyo in 2010 , he travelled to Rwanda .
Former British middleweight champion Scott Blackwell 's sparring partner has been banned from boxing for two years after he sparred with a boxer who left him in a coma .
England coach Eddie Jones says it is " not illegal " for his players to target Ireland fly - half Johnny Sexton ahead of Saturday 's Six Nations match .
Wigan Warriors captain Sam Tomkins says he could return to the Super League club at some point in the future .
Kilmarnock have re - signed former Hearts midfielder Jamie Hamill on a free transfer .
Oscar - nominated actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to be a part of Hollywood 's awards season , saying it is " the stupidest thing in the whole world " .
In our series of letters from African journalists , cartoonist and writer Laurent Sanguinetti takes us on a trip to Australia .
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight after refusing to give up his seat has said his ordeal was " more horrifying and harrowing " than leaving Vietnam in 1975 .
A woman has been left blind in one eye after being blinded by a laser pen being held by two teenage boys in Edinburgh .
A sculpture of a lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World in Florida to commemorate the death of a toddler who was killed by an alligator while on holiday .
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been branded a traitor by the head of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , Luis Almagro .
At the Chalcots Leisure Centre in Camden , south - east London , it is a typical Saturday morning .
A man who was jailed for six months for sending an " offensive " tweet to an airport has launched an appeal against his conviction .
Comedian Norman Collier , one of the last of the Vaudevillians , has died aged 91 .
I have been out and about , travelling , and watching other travellers recently .
Belgian police have shot dead two suspected Islamists in a raid on a train station in the northern town of Verviers , a prosecutor says .
A student who lost her prosthetic hand after a night out in a nightclub has appealed for help to find it .
The number of listeners to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has fallen for the second quarter in a row , according to new figures from Nielsen .
Germany 's domestic intelligence agency ( BfV ) says it has arrested a man on suspicion of spying for an Islamist group .
Lord Coe is the right man to lead the IAAF , says the man who wrote a damning report into corruption at the sport 's governing body .
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren with immediate effect .
A teenager who bit off half of a man 's ear with his teeth has been jailed for six years .
A hacker has hijacked a large number of high - end printers in a hack attack .
A third of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person , according to a Church of England survey .
The High Court ruling that a father could not be prosecuted for taking his seven - year - old daughter on holiday during term time causes " huge amount of confusion " , a senior MP has said .
Sir Elton John has said he is " disappointed " by the DUP 's stance on HIV .
The fossilised remains of a 1,000-year - old coal miner 's coal have been discovered in Argentina .
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy at Sunday 's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons .
The captain of the Costa Concordia , Francesco Schettino , has been jailed for 10 years for causing the ship 's sinking .
Speedo , Ralph Lauren and Airweave are among four companies that have dropped US swimmer Ryan Lochte as a sponsor .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal said his side were not good enough in the first half as they were beaten 2 - 1 by FC Copenhagen .
Three people from Birmingham have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
Derby County were held to a goalless draw by Brentford at the County Ground .
A Saudi - led coalition air strike on the headquarters of Yemen 's elite Special Security Forces in the capital , Sanaa , has killed at least 30 people , officials say .
The parents of two teenage boys who went missing after their boat capsized off the coast of Florida say they believe they are still alive .
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician who was murdered in London in 2010 .
Plans to create new marine protected zones in Welsh waters have been scrapped by the minister for natural resources .
The rise of 3D printing has been described as the " digital revolution " - and it 's already happening .
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police in a bid to force the force to solve the case .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be " very difficult " for his side to qualify for the Champions League .
The BBC 's Sound Of 2016 longlist for 2016 has been announced .
Myanmar 's President Thein Sein has said he will not step down until the country has achieved full democracy .
Coconuts are used in so many aspects of daily life here too ; people cook with them , put the oil on their skin and hair .
" We can not really claim to have peace unless we deal with the past , " Baroness O'Loan says .
The number of child sex abuse cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) in England and Wales has risen for the first time in five years , figures show .
Fleetwood extended their unbeaten run in League One to seven games with a goalless draw at Doncaster .
The general election is coming up on 8 May.
Cadel Evans became the first Australian to win the Tour de France for seven years as he took the leader 's yellow jersey on stage 20 of the race .
Celtic 's 13-year - old Karamoko Dembele has become the club 's youngest player to make his first - team debut .
A Nottinghamshire hospital is looking at ways to solve parking problems at its car park .
People affected by the Grenfell Tower fire must be re - housed locally if necessary , Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs .
" Myanmar was the land of my forefathers , but now I do n't know if I will ever be able to return to my homeland again , " says Aung Sarlan .
Norwich City striker Kyle Lafferty has been fined £ 10,000 by the Football Association for betting on a Premier League match .
A US judge has ordered a former sports doctor accused of sexually abusing children to stand trial on three counts of sexual assault .
The BBC is to be the centre of attention at this year 's Edinburgh International Media Festival .
A driver who caused the death of a three - year - old boy in a head - on crash has been jailed for five years .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos for the first time in five years to exhibit his latest collection of works .
Ospreys flanker Tom Thornton says it was an " awesome feeling " to be called up to the Wales squad for Friday 's Test against Samoa .
Two of the four board members of Sport NI have resigned .
The number of hours ambulances spent waiting to hand over patients at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire has risen by more than 50 % in a year .
UK house prices rose in December for the first time in three months , according to the UK 's biggest mortgage lender , the Nationwide .
Racing 92 are the best team in Europe , according to Scarlets captain Ken Owens .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being locked in a nightclub for more than 24 hours .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Athletics ' governing body European Athletics has ratified proposals to wipe world records from the books if an athlete has committed a doping offence .
Pamela Geller is a right - wing American blogger and anti - Islam activist who has become a well - known figure in the US .
Flood defences at a Denbighshire beach could be strengthened in a bid to reduce the risk of a breach .
A transgender woman who killed herself after being sent to a men 's prison wanted to move to a women 's jail , her partner has told an inquest .
A man has been jailed for life for the " brutal and senseless " murder of a Romanian woman whose body was found in a flat .
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has joined Manchester City for £ 8 m .
Two men have been arrested during an armed police operation in Luton .
Wales in the 13th Century was a very different country to the one we know today .
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can control a car using only its head .
Albania have lost their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia after Uefa ruled the game should have been abandoned because of crowd trouble .
Uefa has accepted the resignation of Spanish football federation president Angel Maria Villar after he was arrested on suspicion of corruption .
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has confirmed he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift .
Formula 1 is " not putting on a very good show " , says Bernie Ecclestone .
Scotland captain John Greer says he is " open to anything " as he considers his future in international football .
John Akinde 's first - half goal was enough to give Barnet their first win of the season as they beat Mansfield in League Two .
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with fraud and money laundering .
Juventus have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Real Madrid on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
ScotRail has said it has reached an in - principle agreement with the RMT union in a dispute over the role of conductors .
Barnsley have signed defender Angus MacDonald from Torquay United on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Guatemala 's former army chief , General Efrain Rios Montt , has been declared mentally incompetent by a medical examiner .
Children 's services in Birmingham are improving , according to a report by the Care Quality Commission .
West Ham chairman David Gold has learned a valuable lesson - think before you retweet .
The story of the assassination of Nazi SS chief Reinhard Heydrich by British forces during World War Two has been made into a film .
Three men have been arrested after a nativity doll was stolen from a church nativity scene in Aberdeen .
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the World Championship to 36 points .
The partner of a man left paralysed after a brain haemorrhage has criticised a decision not to ban three nurses who mistreated him .
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not stand for " hate crime or attacks " after the UK voted to leave the EU .
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over its coverage of the Paris attacks .
The former prime minister of Russia , Sergei Kasyanov , has accused President Vladimir Putin of " silent encouragement " after a video appeared on social media showing him being shot dead .
US President Donald Trump is not a man to mince words .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three - year contract with the Premier League champions .
Southampton have signed left - back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee .
Marcus Trescothick made his second first - class century of the season as Somerset fought back to take control against Middlesex .
It 's News Day , the day when BBC School Reporters across the UK share their stories with the nation .
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o " becyn amheus " yng nghanolfan siopa'r Quadrant , Abertawe yng Nghymru .
A new system has been developed to give trainee doctors an " immediate " experience of working as a GP .
A book about the death of a Welsh Guardsman in Afghanistan has won the Man Booker Prize for fiction .
French customs officials have seized a 19th Century painting of a young woman by Leonardo da Vinci from a boat off the coast of Marseille .
Hampshire all - rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland 's one - day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan because of a hamstring injury .
When I first met Craig Wright , the man who claims to be the creator of the Bitcoin virtual currency , he was working in a conference room in London .
A man has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a school for children with learning difficulties in Sussex .
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to the British and Irish Lions squad to replace injured prop Cian Healy .
A Pullman carriage which carried Winston Churchill 's coffin to his state funeral 50 years ago has been restored to its former glory .
An unexploded bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire .
A man has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in a street attack .
A hat that Princess Anne wore to the royal wedding has been sold at auction for £ 10,000 .
A seven - year - old boy who was left on a school bus three times in the past year has been found safe and well .
Middlesbrough manager Steve Agnew says his side were " naive " in their 4 - 2 defeat by Hull City and must improve defensively in their next game .
Women 's Super League One side Liverpool Ladies have signed England midfielder Jess Greenwood from Notts County Ladies .
Social housing contributed £ 1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15 , according to a report .
A British national has died in Thailand , the Foreign Office has confirmed .
Plans for a major shake - up of education in the Scottish Borders have moved a step closer .
A woman has been taken to hospital after the car she was driving hit a tree in Aberdeenshire .
Universities in Wales are among the best in the UK for student satisfaction , according to a new survey .
A faulty gene linked to an increased risk of stroke and heart attacks has been identified by scientists .
An appeal to raise money for a BBC Radio Derby presenter who has terminal cancer has raised more than £ 100,000 .
A blood test which could help diagnose Alzheimer 's disease could be available in the next 10 years , say researchers .
A film about the life of a Tibetan Buddhist monk who fled to the UK as a child refugee has been premiered in Dumfries .
Rugby league side Gloucester All Golds have held talks with the owners of Premiership club Gloucester Warriors about a potential partnership .
Aberdeen beat Celtic 3 - 0 to lift the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history , but how did the Aberdeen players fare ?
The government 's housing White Paper is the latest in a series of " ground - breaking " announcements about how it is going to tackle the housing crisis .
Could the government be heading towards a collision with the Eurosceptic iceberg ?
Wigan Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions centre Sam Hopkins for an undisclosed fee .
Aberdeenshire council has said it is seeking planning permission to install power lines at Donald Trump 's golf resort in the Highlands .
Police and social services failed to properly investigate and stop the sexual exploitation of teenagers who went missing from care , a report has found .
Electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain can improve maths skills , a study suggests .
Flooding has forced the closure of a seafront restaurant in Southend after heavy rain .
England 's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a six - under - par 66 to share the lead with Thongchai Aphibarnrat after the third round of the Qatar Masters .
Employees should not be subject to Stasi - style surveillance at work , the Institute of Directors and trade unions have warned .
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted that she fell asleep during last year 's State of the Union address after drinking too much wine .
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh were disrupted for more than 24 hours after a power cut in Northumberland .
Bath have signed forward Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two - year deal .
Avengers director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account after receiving hundreds of abusive messages about his portrayal of female characters .
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall will have to ask AM Neil Gill to give up his role as an MEP if he wants to win over Welsh Labour voters , the AM has said .
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has said he would not have gone to war in Iraq if he had known the scale of the devastation it would cause .
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give a statement on the findings of an independent review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne , who was stabbed to death at a Glasgow school in 2012 .
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid .
A positive outlook on life is linked with a lower risk of death , say researchers .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the implications of the death of Ethiopia 's long - time leader Meles Zenawi .
A man who posed as a Polish national to dupe a taxi driver into carrying out a bank robbery in Fife has admitted carrying out the attack .
A man has been injured in an explosion at an industrial estate in Londonderry .
An app which helps people share pictures of litter and report it to their local council may not seem like a big deal , but Google is taking Facebook to court over its name .
The SNP has won the Leith Walk and Midlothian West by - elections in Edinburgh .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at whether China 's freedom of speech is under threat from the Red Guards .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has no new injury worries as he prepares to face his former club Chelsea .
Barclays has reported a fall in third - quarter profits after paying £ 560 m to settle claims in the US over mortgage bonds and foreign exchange rates .
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in England being treated quickly has fallen below a key target for the first time .
One of the oldest poppy collectors in Wales is celebrating his 100th birthday as he reflects on his experiences at the Auschwitz concentration camp .
The Energy and Climate Change Office has published a report on the impact of Brexit on the UK 's energy system .
Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has called for a UN investigation into whether Islamic State ( IS ) has committed genocide in Iraq .
Lewis Hamilton broke down in tears as he was told he had won his first Formula 1 world title .
A row has broken out in the City over the size of the pay packages given to the bosses of some of the UK 's biggest companies .
Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of high - rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire .
Three months after a ban on the sale of so - called legal highs came into effect in England and Wales , police say they have seized more than 1,000 " legal highs " since then .
Ayr United have won a competition to design a new badge after being forced to change their club crest .
The RMT union has called on rail workers on Merseyrail and Southern to stage further strikes on the day of the Grand National .
Tottenham were " not ready to fight for the Premier League " in the first half of their 2 - 0 defeat by Liverpool , says manager Mauricio Pochettino .
Derek McInnes has backed Gordon Strachan to pick the best left - back in the country for Scotland .
A three - year - old girl who was seriously injured in a crash which killed her mother and four other people has been released from hospital .
Wladimir Klitschko 's promoter Eddie Hearn says he is " beginning discussions " with other opponents for a fight with Anthony Joshua .
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv are still adjusting to the fact that they are now within the firing range of Palestinian rockets .
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK later this week .
Domino 's Pizza Enterprises , the Australian franchisee for the Domino 's pizza brand , has agreed to buy Joey 's Pizza in Germany in a deal that will create a joint venture .
Neil Lennon 's decision to become Hibernian 's new manager was a no - brainer .
Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer for the French engineering firm Alstom .
The European Union and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) say they remain hopeful that a deal can still be found between Greece and its creditors before the end of the month .
A US jury has awarded the family of a woman who died of cancer after using talcum powder by Johnson & Johnson ( J&J ) more than $ 100 m ( £ 66 m ) in damages .
A coroner 's report into the death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti , who died in a Tehran prison last month , says he died of shock .
The aftermath of the Peshawar school massacre has left many in Pakistan struggling to make sense of what happened .
Two men arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a woman from Cambridgeshire have been bailed .
A commemorative coin to mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge has been struck by the Royal Mint .
The death of Fabrice Muamba is the latest in a string of high - profile sportsmen and women who have died from cardiac arrest .
Lord West has admitted that a missile was fired into Wales by mistake in the 1960s .
Rangers have signed defender Tomas Zaliukas on a two - year deal .
An Australian senator from Western Australia has announced he is taking a leave of absence from the country 's upper house of parliament to deal with depression .
Chris Woakes will replace James Anderson as England 's pace bowler for the first Test against South Africa in Cape Town , which starts on Thursday .
One of the world 's most famous steam locomotives , Flying Scotsman , has been repainted in a new shade of green .
The world 's oldest human being has died at the age of 112 .
A 15-year - old boy who raped and sexually assaulted five teenage girls has been jailed for six years .
Mexico 's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash south of the capital , Mexico City .
For decades , Philips was one of the world 's biggest home entertainment companies .
A woman from Londonderry has missed out on the chance to become the first Northern Ireland winner of the speaking clock competition .
I 'm watching a team of robots play in the RoboCup - the UK 's version of the Fifa World Cup - and they are not the best footballers .
Clashes have broken out between Saudi security forces and residents of a town in the east of the country in a dispute over the demolition of a historic district .
A teenager held a machete to the neck of a taxi driver as he tried to stop him from paying his fare , a court heard .
A dispersal order has been issued in an Anglesey town following a series of anti - social incidents .
At least 19 people have been killed and dozens injured in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital , Tunis , in which two gunmen opened fire on tourists , officials say .
Workers in east London are to be able to book office space in a tree as part of a scheme to raise money for parks .
The number of spectators at UK sports events in 2015 rose by 5 % to more than 60 million , according to Deloitte .
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) has said he does not think the UK would be better off staying in the EU .
The US state department has said it will release a further instalment of funds to Iran as part of an interim deal on its nuclear programme .
Ed Miliband has said there is " no greater symbol of an economy that does n't work " than zero - hours contracts , saying they are " undermining hard work , undermining living standards and undermining family life " .
The SNP , Labour and the Lib Dems have urged voters to reject the SNP as the final days of the general election campaign continue .
A new tram network in Birmingham will rival the best in the West Midlands , the transport authority has said .
People in Wales with long - term health conditions are at risk of " fear , hopelessness and despair " if they do not learn to live with their symptoms , researchers have warned .
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to life under Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink with a comfortable victory over Leeds United .
A university has written an open letter to its students warning them to " show consideration " for their neighbours after a spate of complaints about drunken behaviour .
UK Sport has set a target of winning at least four Olympic medals for Team GB at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games .
Great Britain 's hopes of winning the America 's Cup were dealt another blow as they suffered a third successive defeat in the first round of qualifiers .
Police are hunting two masked men who carried out a " vicious attack " on a man in his Kilmarnock home .
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit for the fourth quarter of the year will miss forecasts .
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife from the SNP .
US President Barack Obama 's decision to impose fresh sanctions on Russia over its alleged interference in last month 's US election has sparked a fierce reaction from Moscow and Washington .
Two British tourists have been arrested at the Inca citadel of Machu Picchu in Peru .
A judge in the US city of Baltimore is to hear new evidence in the case of Adnan Syed , the subject of a popular podcast .
Celtic footballer Ahmed Feruz has absconded from a court in Glasgow where he was due to stand trial for driving while disqualified .
Police are searching for a four - year - old girl who went missing from a hospital after her family told staff her real name was Mashael Aldosari .
The Foreign Office has rejected a petition calling for a second referendum on the UK 's EU membership if the turnout in the referendum was less than 75 % .
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager .
A decision on whether the Great Manchester Run will go ahead this weekend is expected to be made in the wake of the Manchester bombing .
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda , who directed the Oscar - nominated Man of Iron , has died at the age of 90 .
The killing of an Aberdeen man in Syria was " extra - judicial killing " , Labour MP Harriet Harman has said .
Labour and the Conservatives have clashed over the future of the NHS in Wales as the general election campaign continues .
A man has appeared in court after drugs with a street value of more than Â£5,000 were seized during a police operation in the Borders .
The Doonhamers music festival has been cancelled because of a lack of ticket sales .
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at the UK 's busiest port has more than doubled in the past two years , figures show .
Paint has been sprayed on the front of a County Antrim town hall for the second time this year .
Poland 's parliament has rejected a bill that would have imposed a total ban on abortions in the country .
A new national standard for infant cremations could be introduced after an inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium 's failure to return ashes to bereaved families , the government has said .
A jewellers in Teesside has been robbed in a raid that police believe is linked to an armed robbery in Yarm , County Antrim .
Helen Williams , who was asked to resign as Miss America in 1984 and later returned to the competition as a judge , has received an apology from the head of the pageant .
India 's central bank has cut its benchmark interest rate for the third time this year , amid concerns about the impact of the recent cash clampdown .
The BBC has been speaking to some of the people who have been involved in the " Facebook revolution " in Tahrir Square in Cairo .
A memorial service is to be held to mark the first anniversary of the Shoreham air disaster in which 11 people died .
Wales striker Sam Vokes says his side can use their recent results to boost their hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup .
Russian weightlifter Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test .
BBC Sport 's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of the capital , Kabul , in protest at reports that Iran has blocked fuel exports to Afghanistan .
Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law which he says will help the country 's economy .
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis .
A 21-year - old man has been stabbed to death in a bar in south London .
When the regulator , Ofcom , ruled last week that BT should not be allowed to be spun off into a separate company , the shares in BT jumped .
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf in northern Germany after levees along the Danube river broke .
In the summer of 2014 , Dutee Chand was one of the brightest stars of Indian sport .
Glamorgan all - rounder Colin Ingram says he is not ruling out the possibility of playing in the Indian Premier League .
The majority of UK sportswomen believe sexism is not reported to the authorities , according to a BBC Sport survey .
Oil prices have fallen to their lowest level in more than five years , with many of the world 's largest producers feeling the impact .
Gardaí ( Irish police ) are carrying out a major search operation in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of boxing promoter Pat Byrne .
Hamilton Academical and Kilmarnock shared the spoils in a goalless draw at Rugby Park .
The chief constable of Northumbria Police , who led the largest manhunt in the country 's history , is to retire .
A four - year - old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog .
Australian investigators have begun examining the cause of a plane crash in Melbourne that killed five people .
Plans for the main HS2 high - speed rail line between London and Birmingham have been confirmed by the government .
Ebola was the most searched for search term in the UK in 2014 , according to Google .
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber says the Albert Hall is his " most preferred concert hall in London " as he prepares to conduct this year 's British Proms .
A 24-year - old British backpacker has died after falling from a moving train in Thailand , police have said .
Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are vying to be the last two men standing in the race for the White House .
Plans to ban smacking children have been branded " scaremongering " by a group of parents calling for them to be scrapped .
A snake thought to be one of the world 's deadliest snakes has been put down by the Scottish SPCA after it was mistaken for one .
A university in South Africa has voted to remove a statue of British imperialist Cecil Rhodes from its campus .
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United ended Hull 's 100 % start to the season with victory at Old Trafford .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Komla Dumor reflects on the year that was .
Russian MPs are set to approve a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of media outlets in the country , amid a row over the conflict in Ukraine .
A campaign is under way to raise funds for a statue to honour the women who worked in Sheffield 's steel industry during World War Two .
A new class of drugs could help men with aggressive prostate cancer , say scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in London .
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer .
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents should not be allowed to take their children on holidays outside of school terms .
Guernsey 's table tennis team made it back - to - back Island Games gold medals as they beat Gotland 3 - 1 in the final of the men 's team table tennis .
French police have arrested three more people in connection with the robbery of US reality TV star Kim Kardashian West .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 ended the day higher , boosted by housebuilder shares and a rise in ITV shares .
A Conservative MP has been re - elected after a " vicious smear campaign " against him following his split from his wife .
Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths says the club 's " unique " approach to life has made it a model for other clubs to follow , but how does it work ?
London Irish came from 30 - 18 down at half - time to beat Harlequins and set up a European Challenge Cup quarter - final against Newcastle Falcons .
Manchester City have signed centre - back Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid for a fee believed to be about £ 30 m .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday , with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs .
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland 's political parties to use sign language on the campaign trail .
A group of street vendors have launched a series of guided walking tours in Edinburgh .
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 72 .
Hearts boss Ian Cathro has been " rushed " into taking charge at Tynecastle , according to Craig Levein .
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips better than humans has been developed by Oxford University researchers .
The flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean last month has been recovered from the sea floor , Egyptian investigators say .
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is " worried for the table , not his position " , despite the club 's relegation to the Championship .
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum , in which at least 39 people were killed , officials say .
A United Nations committee has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to promote integrated education and abortion in Northern Ireland .
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson on loan and Hartlepool striker Ryan Rooney on loan for the rest of the season .
The possibility of the UK leaving the European Union could have " consequences for economic and financial conditions in global financial markets " , the head of the US central bank has said .
Thousands of native crayfish are being re - introduced to rivers across Wales in a bid to reverse their decline .
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of doping by Uefa .
Western Sahara , a disputed territory in the Sahara desert , is one of Africa 's most sparsely populated areas .
West Bromwich Albion director of football Steve Evans has left his role at Reading to take up the same role with the Premier League club .
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick suffered a " severely twisted ankle " during England 's friendly win over Spain , Roy Hodgson has confirmed .
Sussex seam bowler Mark Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Alastair Cook scored his first Test century in more than two years as England drew with St Kitts and Nevis in a warm - up match before the first Test against West Indies .
The demolition of the so - called " Jungle " migrant camp in Calais has been completed .
A scheme to encourage people to get off their cars and onto bicycles in Dumfries has been scrapped .
Former Sussex bowler Chris Anyon has been appointed head coach of the women 's side .
A drink - driver who caused the death of a teenager in a crash in Cambridgeshire has been jailed for four years .
Bolivian authorities are scrambling to contain a plague of locusts that has destroyed thousands of hectares of agricultural land .
Matty Taylor scored twice in the final five minutes as Bristol Rovers came from two goals down to draw with MK Dons .
A health board has been criticised for its handling of a £ 150,000 charity challenge to raise awareness of organ donation .
Rohit Singh , a 12-year - old boy from a poor family in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , is making a living from fishing coins from the Ganges river .
A Loyalist community group in Northern Ireland has unveiled a new flag it hopes will reduce the number of paramilitary flags flying in public places .
A letter written by Vladimir Putin and George W Bush to a Gateshead man who helped organise the first ever summit of world leaders is to be auctioned .
Edinburgh prop Mike Dickinson says his side must win all their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of making the play - offs .
Thousands of competitors have taken part in this year 's Snowdon Race .
A 15-year - old girl has been raped by a man in Bristol , police have said .
A 15-year - old boy has been charged in connection with an alleged hare coursing incident in Dalkeith , East Lothian , in March .
A motorcyclist has died following a crash in County Down .
Mae Prif Weinidog Cymru , Carwyn Jones , wedi cymryd ei holi gan y BBC ddydd Gwener yn ymgyrchu i Brydain adael yr UE cyn y refferendwm y llynedd
Bristol Flyers will play in the BBL Play - offs for the first time after securing their place in the top eight with victory over Manchester Force .
A soldier 's mascot ram has been promoted for the first time in his career .
The partner of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he told her " everything " about kissing a 15-year - old girl after he was arrested for child sex offences .
" Technology is changing the face of events , " says Cvent co - founder and chief executive Anand Aggarwal .
Drivers are to be fined if they enter a restricted area of a city centre street for more than an hour in the early hours from July .
John Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Londonderry .
The world was a scary place in 2015 .
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has fallen dramatically since the start of the EU - Turkey deal to stem the flow of people from Turkey .
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider signing defender Yids Yiadom until he is told he has a contract with the Championship club .
A man who tried to murder a father - of - four in a knife attack has been jailed for seven years .
England all - rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the one - day international series against Pakistan .
The Court of Appeal has rejected a bid by Northern Ireland 's attorney general to refer a gay cake case to the Supreme Court .
Hundreds of people have held a rally in the Italian city of Venice to protest against the loss of residents to tourists .
A shot has been fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool , police have said .
Sian Elizabeth Seifert , now 26 , says she has always wanted to be a beauty queen .
Liverpool 's Premier League trip to Chelsea on Saturday will be a chance for them to prove how far they have come since last season 's title triumph .
A judge in the US state of Ohio has acquitted a white police officer of the manslaughter of two black women who were shot dead by officers during a high - speed chase .
England and Wales will meet in the last 16 of the World Snooker Championship for the second time in three years on Saturday .
When US President Barack Obama meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington this week , the former National Security Agency ( NSA ) contractor Edward Snowden will be on the agenda .
Gangnam Style by South Korean rapper Psy has become the most - watched video on YouTube , with more than nine quintillion views .
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6 - 4 6 - 3 victory over Ivan Dodig and Marcel Granollers .
The body of a man whose body was found at the site of a collapsed building in Swansea has been removed from the site .
US TV network Univision has said it will continue to air a beauty pageant owned by Donald Trump .
Britain 's Chris Froome retained the leader 's yellow jersey at the Tour de France as he won the 13th and final time trial of the race .
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour in his Budget speech .
Ivory Coast has banned the use of so - called skin - whitening creams , citing health concerns .
It was the strangest of nights , and a strange truth .
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager after 10 years at Stamford Bridge .
France stunned England to reach the World Cup semi - finals with a clinical victory at Twickenham .
Glamorgan bowled out Gloucestershire for 220 on the opening day of their County Championship Division Two match at Cardiff .
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish an internal audit into the way it spent more than £ 1.2 m in 2014/15 .
A festival is being held to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland 's most important philosophers .
Former Ireland and British and Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has joined Munster as a consultant .
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a 15-year - old girl in Hertfordshire .
Hungary says it will offer buses to hundreds of migrants who have escaped from Budapest 's main railway station and are trying to reach Austria .
US author Jackie Collins , best known for her erotic novels Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men , has died at the age of 83 , her family has said .
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has joined German side FC Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee .
More than 60 eye operations have been cancelled at a hospital in Wrexham after a mobile operating theatre broke down .
A man has been arrested after a car carrying two children was stolen in Belfast .
Portsmouth have re - signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth defender Chris Hollands on a one - year deal .
Dozens of people are reported to have been killed in two bomb attacks in Syria that have killed more than 100 people .
Kevin Pietersen 's England career has been a roller - coaster ride .
South Korea 's President Park Geun - hye has apologised for her role in a political scandal that has engulfed her government .
A man 's body has been found at a house in Oxford .
After the pre - season transfer window closed , the Women 's Super League One season is about to get underway .
A Canadian - Turkish woman has been charged with insulting the president of Turkey , her lawyer says .
David Cameron has said he is " absolutely convinced " there will be a new European Union treaty before the UK holds an in - out referendum on its membership .
The chief inspector of police in England and Wales has called for a change in the law to allow prosecutors to decide whether to prosecute drivers who kill cyclists .
US President Donald Trump says he has been " vindicated " by former FBI director James Comey 's testimony to Congress about his firing .
More than 5,000 people in the UK were conned out of millions of pounds by holiday booking scams last year , figures show .
Plans to redevelop Stoke - on - Trent 's former football ground into housing have been approved by the council .
Markets in Asia were mostly lower on Monday after a survey showed weaker - than - expected manufacturing activity in China .
Non - payment of the BBC licence fee should be decriminalised , the government has said .
Shares on Wall Street ended the day higher on Friday , with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs .
The outcome of the fatal accident inquiry ( FAI ) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be announced later .
Celebrity book clubs are back in vogue - and with good reason .
Leicester City are close to signing N'Golo Kante from Paris St - Germain .
Alan Stubbs has been appointed Hibernian head coach .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street were little changed on Tuesday as investors digested the latest batch of emails released by the Trump campaign .
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in Manchester city centre .
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy was stopped from becoming a foster carer because he had been disciplined for grooming , a report has revealed .
A council 's Twitter account has been taken over by hackers who published a series of offensive messages .
The story of Bisma Baloch , the baby girl who died in a Karachi hospital on Wednesday night , is one of the saddest in Pakistani history .
Valencia missed the chance to reach the Copa del Rey final for the first time since 2008 as they were held to a draw by Barcelona in the second leg of their semi - final .
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has signed a new five - year contract with the Premier League club .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The US has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden 's body was buried at sea in the Arabian Sea shortly after he was shot dead by US special forces .
An 89-year - old grandmother has been given a new bike after it was stolen while she was out shopping .
Boris Johnson is one of Britain 's most colourful and controversial politicians .
Formula 1 is home to some of the greatest drivers of all time , but how many of them are fake ?
Southeastern is to compensate passengers affected by the closure of the high - speed rail line between Dover and London St Pancras after the sea wall collapsed .
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called on politicians in all UK parliaments to give firms certainty about the UK 's departure from the EU .
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester for the city 's annual Diwali celebrations .
Volunteers at the St Abbs lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have agreed to hand back their pagers .
The former Archbishop of Londonderry , Father John D'Arcy , has said he would find it hard to continue as a priest if he was in the position of the current Irish Church leader , Cardinal Sean Brady .
A flood protection scheme for Dumfries and Galloway is set to cost an extra £ 4.5 m .
Two people have been taken to hospital following a two - vehicle crash on the A55 in Bangor .
Parents should be " deeply concerned " that unqualified staff are being used in schools in England , a teaching union has said .
The first day of the corruption trial of disgraced former Chinese politician Bo Xilai in Jinan has been largely ignored by the mainland media .
Serena Williams became the first woman to win 23 Grand Slam singles titles with victory over sister Venus in the Australian Open final .
A teenager who posted videos on YouTube of himself firing a gun and a flamethrower from a drone has been expelled from a US university .
The UK 's energy mix will need to change dramatically over the next 20 years to meet its climate change targets , according to a report .
Plans to centralise Welsh - medium education at a Powys school have been rejected by councillors .
Flights between Inverness and Amsterdam have been extended for the first time .
The " northern powerhouse " of underachievement in England 's secondary schools is a " national concern " , says Ofsted .
A young Muslim girl has been placed in the care of a non - Muslim foster family in east London .
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas , one of the court 's most conservative justices , asked a question for the first time in more than a decade on Monday .
Hull City manager Mike Phelan did not do enough to strengthen his squad during the summer transfer window , according to director of football Steve Davies .
A business owner has been jailed for killing a man who drowned while trying to retrieve golf balls from a lake .
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a baby was found dead at a house in south London .
World number one Andy Murray will miss his final warm - up match before Wimbledon with a hip injury .
Yum Brands , the owner of KFC , Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , has reported better - than - expected quarterly profits , helped by strong sales in China .
How to avoid being struck by lightning - and what to do if you are caught in one .
Hundreds of people have gathered in Falmouth to protest against plans to build new student accommodation .
" He 's one of the most successful British managers ever . "
Is Opec , the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( Opec ) , the group of oil exporters that includes Saudi Arabia , Russia , Iran and Libya , about to get tough on oil prices ?
Nigeria international Asisat Oshaniwa says he has made a " big step in his career " by signing for Hearts .
( Close ) : London 's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday , with Ryanair and Barratt Developments leading the way after the airline reported higher profits .
BBC Two 's adaptation of War and Peace has topped the overnight ratings in its first week , beating ITV 's Endeavour and Channel 4 's Deutschland 83 .
A " bull - headed " iguana has taken up residence at the top of a tree in a village in Suffolk .
A man and a woman found dead at a house in West Yorkshire have been named by police .
Car insurance premiums are set to rise by an average of £ 13 a year as the Insurance Premium Tax ( IPT ) rate rises .
A man who played a key role in the development of radar and radio astronomy has been honoured in Swansea .
Britain 's Johanna Konta says she is not bothered by talk she is the favourite to win Wimbledon for the first time since 1977 .
Labour 's smoking ban has " destroyed more communities " than the closure of pits , a former UKIP MP has claimed .
A train has derailed and burst into flames in Bulgaria 's north - eastern Shumen province , killing at least one person and injuring several others , officials say .
Pro - Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time in more than a month , Ukrainian and Russian media say .
A first - time mum who left a letter for another mother after she dropped her shopping in the supermarket has said it made her day .
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he has " no doubt " Ed Miliband will deal with the row over the party 's links with the unions " in the right way " .
Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall has said he is " emotional " as the final series of the drama comes to an end .
US Senator John McCain has visited Syria for the first time in more than a year , his spokesman has confirmed .
The Alexandra Palace theatre in central London is to be restored and reopened to the public as part of a £ 20 m restoration project .
A man has admitted raping and sexually abusing two girls in Fife .
Scarlets captain John Barclay says he is inspired by the success of Glasgow Warriors , who won the Pro12 in 2014 .
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side 's friendly win over Poland on Wednesday will mean little in the build - up to their next international .
Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in with a chance of winning the Formula 1 world title despite a huge Mercedes advantage .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of polygraph tests for police recruits .
A circus elephant in Germany has killed a man who was attacked by the animal after escaping from its enclosure in Heidelberg .
Friends of a British man who was murdered in India have called for a " proper investigation " after his wife was arrested on suspicion of murder .
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud in Cardiff in which people were conned out of £ 1,000 .
A non - league football team has returned to Scarborough for the first time in more than a decade .
The US and UK have called on the UN to suspend air drops of aid to besieged areas of Syria , saying they are the " last resort " to relieve suffering .
Hearts are hoping to raise £ 3 m for the main stand at Tynecastle over the next two years as part of a five - year plan to secure a £ 6 m reserve .
Former Wales and British Lions rugby captain Gareth Edwards has been knighted by the Queen .
A council has been accused of " hell - bent " on closing a sports centre which could cost millions of pounds to repair .
David Cameron is to set out his commitment to " compassionate Conservatism " in a statement to Conservative MPs after Iain Duncan Smith quit as work and pensions secretary .
Islamic State ( IS ) militants say they fired a missile at an Egyptian coastguard vessel in the north of the Sinai peninsula , killing at least one person .
NHS staff using Google are being asked to complete a security check to make sure they are not being targeted by the search giant .
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali is planning to make a film on the life of Indian boxer Mary Kom .
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children , one of whom died , will be sterilised , a judge has ruled .
An MP has been reunited with a toy toy she found in the grounds of the Palace of Westminster after it was abandoned by a child .
League One side Gillingham have signed striker Danny Emmanuel - Thomas on a season - long loan from Championship side Queens Park Rangers .
Meat inspectors in the UK are warning that a change in the way pig carcasses are inspected could lead to thousands of diseased animals going undetected .
Carlisle United have signed QPR midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season .
Wales wing Rhys Cuthbert will be " very lucky " to play for the national side at the World Cup if he returns from injury , according to former captain Gareth James .
The sister of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has appealed for help to find her killer .
A " morality police " - a police force tasked with enforcing Islamic law in public - is a common sight in many parts of the world .
Leyton Orient midfielder Chris Long has signed a new one - year contract with the League Two club .
Two Manchester United fans who cut themselves off from a party at Old Trafford ahead of Saturday 's game against Arsenal have been released by police .
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new contract with midfielder Peter Whittingham .
The centre - right Danish People 's Party ( DPP ) has become the biggest party in a new right - wing bloc that is likely to form the next government .
Children 's charity Kids Company has said it is " disgraceful " that allegations of sexual abuse at one of its sites were not reported to police .
Google is developing a blood - testing kit that could revolutionise the way cancer and other diseases are diagnosed .
Northern Ireland 's population is expected to rise by more than 100,000 between mid-2014 and mid-2039 .
US carmaker Ford has reported better - than - expected profits for the first three months of the year , helped by a strong performance in Europe .
A man has died following a crash in County Down .
Clashes have broken out in several areas of the Lebanese capital , Beirut , between rival Sunni Muslim groups over the Syrian conflict .
Bolton Wanderers director of football Steve Holdsworth has agreed to buy the club , BBC Radio Manchester understands .
A stretch of the A470 in Powys has reopened after being closed due to a crash .
The photograph of Jeremy Corbyn clutching a giant vegetable in front of a row of photographers at the Labour Party conference in Brighton has become a meme .
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic has no new injury worries following his side 's 1 - 0 Championship defeat at QPR , while Reading boss Jaap Stam is free to make changes .
It is funny the things you remember , but this is one .
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela 's new vice - president , accusing him of being involved in drug trafficking .
A second turbine has been installed in Shetland to generate electricity for the first time .
North Korea has announced that it has carried out a hydrogen bomb test .
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee thought to be around £ 25 m .
The final episode of BBC One sitcom Miranda has been watched by more than 7.3 m viewers in its final episode .
The Met Office has issued an amber warning of flooding for parts of Northern Ireland .
League One side Rochdale have re - signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United midfielder Chris Long on a one - year deal .
Worcestershire 's Joe Leach and Ed Barnard shared an unbroken century stand to leave Leicestershire in a strong position on day three .
Get Inspired - Get Active is a new campaign promoting accessible , physical challenges for everyone .
Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association after QPR 's 2 - 0 defeat by Tottenham at Loftus Road .
The Specials drummer John " Brad " Bradbury has died at the age of 63 .
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a former head teacher at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has had his claim for compensation rejected .
Anthony Joshua says he has been " pushed to places he has never been before " as he prepares to fight Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday .
All the papers report on the prospect of a Linfield v Celtic match at Windsor Park next month .
A man with paranoid schizophrenia who went missing from a mental health unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police in Manchester .
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea 's launch of a long - range rocket , calling it a " serious violation " of a UN resolution .
St Mirren have signed striker Scott Clarkson on loan from Dundee until the end of the season .
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year - old girl from her home .
Two energy engineering firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 new jobs in Scotland .
A black woman has claimed she and her friends were refused entry to a nightclub because of their skin colour .
It all started with a freckle .
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy a majority stake in US business news website Business Insider from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos .
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to reach the 10,000 mark by 2035 , according to new figures .
A Mongolian rapper has been seriously injured and left in a coma after he was allegedly attacked by a Russian diplomat , his father says .
Journalists at Fairfax Media , Australia 's biggest newspaper publisher , have gone on strike in protest at plans to cut 125 jobs .
It has been the weirdest , most compelling , most bizarre , most divisive , most extraordinary election campaign in history .
Northern Ireland 's finance minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London next week to assess her options over the Stormont crisis .
The government 's latest defence review will be a chance for ministers to reassess the UK 's armed forces in the face of what they see as the biggest threats facing the country .
A vicar at Leeds Cathedral has been arrested on suspicion of rape .
A UK company is developing kits that can " hack " the nerves of the body to treat diseases such as diabetes and cancer .
Plymouth Argyle striker Lee Goodwillie says he is not thinking about his hopes of playing for Scotland again .
Pope Francis has called on Christians to follow the example of the child Jesus who was born into poverty in a manger to inspire their lives .
A drug already approved for treating skin cancer could be used to " kick - start " dormant HIV , a study suggests .
Blackburn Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for allegedly pushing a referee .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says reaching the Europa League group stage would be the biggest achievement of his career .
Sony Pictures has been the victim of a massive cyber - attack that has left the company in chaos .
It is one of Scotland 's oldest rowing rivalries and one of the world 's oldest .
A 15-year - old girl was raped and murdered by a man who thought he was a police officer , a court has heard .
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat - trick as Sutton United thrashed North Ferriby 5 - 1 in the National League .
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager after relegation from National League South .
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to give the UK concessions on immigration in the final days of the campaign to leave the EU , BBC Newsnight has learned .
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as loan player manager .
Thousands of people are expected to take part in Christmas Day outdoor swims across the UK this year , organisers have said .
A " black alert " has been declared at a hospital in Cornwall due to " unprecedented " demand .
Scottish UKIP MEP Tom Coburn has said he would do his " best " to lead the party if he was asked to lead it .
Regulators are investigating whether more former HBOS senior managers should be banned from banking , following criticism of the Bank of England 's handling of the bank 's collapse .
Northern Ireland 's Katherine Grainger won a bronze medal for Great Britain in the women 's double sculls at the Olympic Rowing Games in Rio .
Google is to remove unskippable 30-second adverts from its YouTube video service .
EastEnders , Emmerdale and Coronation Street were among the winners at the British Soap Awards .
Three pygmy marmosets have been returned to a zoo in Australia after they were stolen from their enclosure on Saturday .
Benik Afobe could play for the Democratic Republic of Congo in next month 's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Angola in Kinshasa .
Bradford Bulls ' future as a Super League club remains in doubt after the club entered administration .
Derek McInnes has " come up trumps " in his second season in charge of Aberdeen , according to former Pittodrie defender Kris Thompson .
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he is determined to prove he can still play in the Premier League after recovering from cancer .
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered that the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a cinema will not be used in court .
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week following flooding .
A former nightclub in Swansea could become the new home of the city 's council offices and central library .
Glamorgan missed out on a place in the One - Day Cup quarter - finals as Dawid Malan 's unbeaten 150 helped Middlesex to a five - wicket win at Lord 's .
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of trying to travel to Syria to join so - called Islamic State ( IS ) militants .
A man has been arrested following the death of a man in Coleraine , County Londonderry .
They called it the " world 's largest yoga session " .
Saturday 's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Rochdale has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
So far , so good for the UK economy .
Fifteen soldiers have been sentenced for disobeying a court martial after they refused to stand up during a military parade .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found at a house in Nottingham .
The Isle of Wight 's Conservative MP has survived a bid to oust him as the party 's general election candidate .
Profits at oil and gas firm BG Group have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year , despite the company 's takeover by Royal Dutch Shell .
David Silberman 's book about autism has won the £ 20,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for best book on science .
A woman has told an inquest into the disappearance of County Tyrone teenager Arlene Arkinson that she was able to escape from Robert Howard after he sexually assaulted her .
The Department of Justice ( DoJ ) has paid compensation to eight former pupils who were injured during loyalist protests outside their north Belfast school .
For decades , Othman Kadhim , a farmer in northern Iraq , the Mosul Dam has been a lifeline for his family .
A fire at a wood chip recycling plant in Bridgend county is being treated as suspicious .
Crawley Town 's Conor Henderson has signed a new one - year contract with the League Two club .
Business groups have criticised the chancellor 's decision to introduce a levy on firms with more than £ 3 m of annual wage bills to pay for more apprenticeships .
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of the territory 's return to Chinese control .
The Woodland Trust is calling on the Government to protect ancient woodland in England .
Two Australian men have been charged with plotting a terror attack in Sydney , police say .
Brighton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were beaten at home by Huddersfield , who moved up to fifth .
A woman has been jailed for life for the murder of a mother - of - four who was stabbed to death in a row over £ 20,000 in cash .
Tottenham 's Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games for an elbow to the face of Southampton 's Harry Arter .
Novak Djokovic and his doubles partner Milos Raonic were knocked out of the Olympic men 's doubles in the second round .
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston North End beat Norwich City at Carrow Road .
Dinosaurs were able to cross from South America to Australia more than 100 million years ago , according to new research .
Agriculture is the biggest single source of greenhouse gas emissions in the world , according to the United Nations .
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said he wants Wales to be " central " to the debate on the future of the UK .
A five - year - old boy in New Zealand has become the first child in the country to win a bonus bond scheme worth more than NZ$1 m ( Â£700,000 ; $ 1.2 m ) , according to reports .
Lydney Harbour , one of the Forest of Dean 's " hidden gems " , is to be transferred to a fish smokery .
Scientists have estimated that 2.5 trillion cubic km of water is stored beneath the Earth 's surface .
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis .
Riots have broken out in several parts of London for the second night in a row , leaving at least 26 police officers injured .
Young people in Northern Ireland say they are frustrated by what they see as the lack of progress at Stormont .
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City defender Sean Mooney on loan until the end of the season .
Four Northern Ireland rowers have made it through to the semi - finals of the European Rowing Championships in the Netherlands .
The cost of providing free childcare for working parents in Wales could rise to £ 200 m a year , an economist has warned .
The family of a teenager who died in a crash on Anglesey on Saturday have paid tribute to him .
The government 's decision to spend millions of pounds on a campaign to promote Britain 's membership of the EU is causing controversy - but why is it spending so much on leaflets ?
Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks in Saturday 's second match of their New Zealand tour .
Tens of thousands of people in Southampton are being forced to live in rented homes which are unlicensed , a council has said .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he is " happy with the squad " he has at Old Trafford but wants to make changes to his squad .
A Texas state senator has introduced a bill to ban the use of the Chilean flag as a substitute for the official state flag .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro in a thrilling men 's singles final to become the first British man to win two Olympic tennis gold medals .
A council in Kent has suspended all of its litter wardens in the wake of a BBC Panorama investigation which revealed they were paid thousands of pounds for wrongly issuing fines .
Wales and Ospreys scrum - half Mike Phillips has been suspended by the Welsh Rugby Union after an incident in Cardiff .
Four British tourists who were jailed in Malaysia for stripping off on a mountain peak have been freed from jail and are free to leave the country .
The mother of a girl accused of being sexually abused by a gang of men has told a court her daughter 's character changed from a lovely girl to " an animal " .
It is 70 years since the end of World War Two , but for a former prisoner of war ( PoW ) at the Auschwitz death camp , playing football on a Sunday was the only way he could keep himself sane .
Two members of the Bangladeshi gay rights group Roopbaan have been hacked to death with machetes by suspected Islamist militants .
Chronic pain is caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors , according to new research .
Worcestershire batsman Tom Shantry has signed a new three - year contract with the county .
In the early days of the industrial revolution it was not unusual for home - grown inventors to be discovered in the back of a garage .
Buy - to - let landlords will have to pay an extra £ 5,520 a year in stamp duty from next year , the chancellor has announced in the Autumn Statement .
Victims of institutional child abuse and former residents of Magdalene laundry - style institutions in Northern Ireland are calling for the scope of an inquiry to be widened .
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Morgan has signed a new contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
Barcelona 's Luis Suarez is the world 's most valuable player at £ 200 m , according to a study .
Leading Syrian opposition figures have met in the capital , Damascus , to discuss the future of the country .
The Peruvian army says it has captured two members of the left - wing Shining Path rebel group and killed two of their leaders .
A 16-year - old boy has been charged with the rape of a 15-month - old girl .
The death of a French woman who streamed her own suicide live on Periscope has sparked a debate about the dangers of social media .
An NHS watchdog has been accused of " tradinguced " the reputation of a hospital which is to be returned to the NHS .
China will never close its " open door " to the outside world , President Xi Jinping has said , as he called for " more understanding and trust " between the US and China .
Ireland women 's one - day captain Heather Shillington has retired from international cricket after her side 's World Cup qualifying defeat by South Africa .
American sprinter Shelly - Ann Mitchell - Blake has become only the fourth British athlete to run under 20 seconds in the 200 m .
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has left the club following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a child .
A woman who was jailed for stealing more than £ 1 m from a Dumfries and Galloway pensioner has appealed against her conviction .
All nursery staff in England should be trained in first aid after the death of a baby who choked on a shepherd 's pie , the government has said .
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Andy Johnson .
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus , a prominent human rights activist , to 10 years in prison for fraud .
Manchester City and Chelsea have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday 's Premier League match .
Former US football star O.J. Simpson has appeared in court in Las Vegas for the first time since he was sentenced to nine years in prison for a 2007 robbery .
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north - eastern Nigeria .
Ed Miliband has said he is " absolutely serious " about keeping his election pledges , after unveiling a " pledge stone " in Downing Street .
A spectacular rainbow and lenticular clouds have been spotted over Aberdeen .
Edvald Boasson Hagen won the 17th stage of the Tour de France in Pinerolo to take the leader 's yellow jersey for Team Sky .
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be selected by England manager Roy Hodgson to play for the national team , according to former Tottenham midfielder Danny Murphy .
A cyclist who died after being hit by a pick - up truck has been named by police .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are feeling the pressure of being under pressure after a poor start to the season .
It is easy to think of a community pharmacy as just a place where people go to get their prescriptions filled or to pick up their prescriptions .
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side deserved their 1 - 0 win over Rotherham , despite hitting the woodwork several times in the first half .
Liverpool scored five goals in the first half as they thrashed Burton Albion in the EFL Cup first round .
A network of CCTV cameras in three Denbighshire towns is to be handed over to a council in Cheshire .
Cardiff City are " highly insolvent " after being relegated from the Premier League last season .
Hong Kong 's Ocean Park giant panda , Ying Ying , is due to give birth to her first cub , zoo officials have confirmed .
A murder investigation has been launched after a pensioner was found dead and a woman was stabbed in Cardiff .
Cambridge United and promotion - chasing Stevenage played out a goalless draw in League Two .
A US university has won the latest round in a long - running patent battle with Apple .
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are " not in the best moment " after their Champions League quarter - final defeat by Real Madrid .
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen from a farm and led police on a high - speed chase .
Tributes have been paid to Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson at a memorial service for the rugby league legend .
Joey Dunlop will miss this year 's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod as he recovers from a serious head injury .
The Ministry of Defence has announced it will release land at 13 military sites in England and Wales for the construction of 12,500 new homes .
Aston Villa have signed former England striker Carlton Cole on a two - year deal .
Swindon Town 's record goalscorer Adam Smith was sent off during Saturday 's 2 - 0 defeat by Bristol City .
Taoiseach ( Irish Prime Minister ) Enda Kenny has announced that he will step down at the end of this month , paving the way for a new Fine Gael leader .
US President - elect Donald Trump has named South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the United Nations .
The bodies of dozens of people who died in a landslide and flood in the central Italian town of Salgar on Monday have been laid to rest .
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon with a hard - fought win over qualifier Gabriella Falconi .
Former Taoiseach ( Irish prime minister ) Bertie Ahern has warned that a " hard border " could be reintroduced in Northern Ireland after Brexit .
A Banksy mural that went missing from a wall in London and was later removed from an auction in the US is to go up for sale in London .
The Republic of Ireland 's embassy in the United States raised concerns about The Quiet Man , fearing it would be seen as a " rollicking farce " in Ireland .
Somalia 's Islamist militant group al - Shabab has accused the US of exaggerating the number of its fighters killed in an air strike , after the Pentagon said more than 150 were killed .
Poland 's Football Minister Mateusz Pohorecki says he is " proud " of his country 's performance at Euro 2012 and hopes it can learn lessons for the next tournament .
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced he is to release his first solo album .
Archaeologists at Stonehenge have discovered an ancient " bungalow " built from a tree stump and a hearth made from a stump .
The number of people with diabetes in Wales is rising at an " alarming rate " , a charity has warned .
A man has appealed for the identity of a mystery photographer who took the last photograph of his wife before she died .
A US law firm is to create more than 100 jobs in Belfast as part of an expansion of its business .
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves to move up to fourth in the Championship .
London Welsh 's hopes of reaching the British & Irish Cup quarter - finals have been dealt a blow after the tournament organisers cancelled their remaining fixtures .
Zinedine Zidane has been cleared to return to work as a coach after being cleared by a Spanish court .
Aberdeen children of the 1950s are being asked to take part in a major new study to find out more about their health .
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of supporting terrorism and encouraging terrorism by Anjem Choudary , the former head of a banned Islamist group .
Two Labour AMs are attempting to become the first to try to ban letting agency fees in Wales .
A British soldier who carried the Olympic torch for the first time at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Games has been inundated with Facebook friend requests .
Scottish Labour 's Jim Murray has retained his Edinburgh South seat in the UK general election .
A chameleon has been put down after being found injured and abandoned in a Cardiff park .
Bombardier 's new CS300 jet has been given the go - ahead to enter production at its Belfast plant .
Wales is lagging behind the rest of the UK when it comes to broadband penetration , a leading technology expert has said .
The Pensions Regulator is to launch its campaign to get more people to sign up to a workplace pension , with the help of a pet rabbit .
Overtime pay for police officers and staff in England and Wales has increased by more than 50 % in the last year , the BBC has learned .
At least six people have been killed in an attack on the headquarters of Afghanistan 's National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) in Kabul , officials say .
Salford Red Devils prop Josh Garbutt says he is " very disappointed " after being banned for punching an opponent in Saturday 's Super League defeat by Hull FC .
Jessica Ennis - Hill 's career has been a rollercoaster .
EastEnders fans have been given their first glimpse of a new family to join the EastEnders cast - the Taylors .
A police watchdog has said officers acted in a " proportionate and reasonable way " in dealing with a man who died after taking cocaine .
Cardiff City striker Ched Jones is a doubt for Sunday 's Championship game against Preston North End because of injury .
Crossrail , the £ 14.8bn high - speed rail line between London and Essex , has reached a major milestone .
The new operator of the South Western rail franchise has failed to guarantee a second member of staff will be on board its trains , a union has said .
British driver Max Chilton said he thought of team - mate and fellow Indy Lights winner Jules Bianchi " every five or 10 laps " during his victory in the Iowa Grand Prix .
The founder of a Peebles - based online tyre - fitting business has signed a deal to sell his business to the Michelin Group , which will see him take a 20 % stake in the company .
Wigan Warriors full - back Matty Smith says victory over Warrington Wolves will give them confidence ahead of next week 's Grand Final at Old Trafford .
In the shadow of New York 's federal courthouse , on a hill overlooking the Hudson River , the New York Stock Exchange is the tallest building in the city .
A 92-year - old woman has completed her final London Marathon , walking the entire course .
A British company has developed a new helmet in the wake of the death of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes .
The story of Zheng He , China 's most famous explorer , is about to be rediscovered .
A doctor accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year - old boy has told a court she should have been more curious about his condition .
Scientists say they have a new explanation for why global temperatures have slowed down since 2000 .
The global food supply is at risk because of the vulnerability of key trade chokepoints , a report says .
Greece has ruled out taking Britain to court over the return of the Parthenon Marbles .
Cardiff City director of football Mehmet Dalman says Russell Slade is still the right man to lead the club despite the pressure on him .
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him .
The Cypriot parliament is due to vote on whether to approve the terms of an international bailout deal aimed at saving the island 's banks .
Former Leeds Rhinos and Wakefield hooker Adam Smith was one of the biggest names in rugby league history when he joined Wasps in 2008 .
A US judge has ordered the Secret Service to release details of who has visited President Donald Trump at his New York City golf resort .
Bastian Schweinsteiger has been included in Manchester United 's squad for the Europa League group stage for the first time .
Canada Post , the country 's postal service , says it will phase out direct mail delivery to home delivery as part of a plan to save money .
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has agreed to join forces with another centrist candidate to fight the far - right candidate in next month 's election .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers by a leading human rights campaigner .
It is " more important than ever " to spread the message of togetherness and unity at Christmas , the first minister has said .
The next stage of Holyrood scrutiny of the Scotland Bill has been delayed to allow more time for negotiations between the Scottish and UK governments to progress .
A new waste - fired power station is to be built next to Ferrybridge ' B ' power station , it has been announced .
China 's manufacturing activity contracted at its fastest pace in more than three years in July , according to a closely watched survey .
A court in the western Indian state of Gujarat has sentenced a woman to death for her role in the 2002 anti - Muslim riots .
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the English Channel .
Edinburgh Zoo 's giant panda Tian Tian could give birth at the end of the month , it has been confirmed .
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day after they were accused of making obscene gestures at a female colleague in the Senate .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Microsoft 's research and development ( R&D ) team has been working hard for years to come up with ideas that will change the way we interact with computers .
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from two Argyll lochs after high levels of toxins were found .
Ten more Chinese cities have been placed under a " red alert " for air pollution , the environmental ministry has announced .
Beyonce has topped the Forbes list of the world 's highest - paid artists for 2013 .
The UK government 's decision to sell arms to Saudi Arabia was " rational " , the High Court has ruled .
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold at 0.5 % .
How many siblings do you know who can play the same instrument ?
Donegal will face Monaghan in the Ulster SFC semi - finals after Oisin MacNiallais scored two second - half goals as they beat 10-man Fermanagh 2 - 13 to 0 - 13 at Croke Park .
Israel 's cabinet has voted in favour of decriminalising personal use of marijuana , in line with moves by other countries .
TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to the end of March as it continues to be hit by the impact of last year 's cyber attack .
Italian rider Franck Petricola has died in a crash during practice at the Isle of Man TT .
Three nurses who falsified patient records and failed to check blood glucose levels on a hospital ward have been jailed .
A missing family of 12 from Luton are believed to have travelled to Syria , police have said .
Great Britain will host the European Blind and visually - impaired Judo Championships for the first time since 2011 at the weekend .
Two buildings which will be full of plants and trees are being built in China to help fight pollution .
A former vicar whose father was a vicar has been jailed for 12 years for child sex offences including encouraging a 15-year - old girl to have sex with a dog .
Juan Mata scored twice and set up another as Chelsea beat Sunderland to move up to third in the Premier League .
Former Sheffield Wednesday boss David Duckenfield is among six people to be charged over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster .
Graeme Shinnie scored a stunning late winner as Aberdeen beat Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League second qualifying round tie .
Venezuelan shops have been looted in the north - eastern state of Sucre in the latest in a series of violent protests over food shortages .
A peer has been found guilty of making racially aggravated comments about Gina Miller on Facebook .
US officials have confirmed reports that North Korean prisoner Kenneth Bae has been returned to a labour camp .
Northamptonshire 's James Wakely and James Keogh hit centuries as they put the Division Two leaders in control against Leicestershire .
At the funeral of the Russian ambassador to Turkey , a small group of mourners gathered around the casket of the dead diplomat 's body .
Six teenagers have been arrested as part of a police crackdown on drug dealing in Gloucestershire .
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign has been an interesting one .
Ospreys captain Gareth Rees says he and his team - mates were " devastated " at missing out on a European Champions Cup quarter - final place as they lost 26 - 17 to Exeter Chiefs .
Russia was involved in the murder of ex - Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , the public inquiry into his death has heard .
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been arrested after finishing the men 's 5,000 m steeplechase at the Rio Olympics in an anti - government protest .
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest ever score in an Open Championship at Royal Troon to lead by three shots after the first round .
A spate of drug - related deaths and medical emergencies in south Wales are being investigated by police .
Twelve men and a woman have been arrested by police investigating suspected modern slavery in the West Midlands .
The TUC has called on the government to delay any rise in the state pension age until it has worked out how to support the one in eight workers who are too ill to work before they even get to the age of 65 .
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house .
An Easyjet flight was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam after a pilot reported a strong smell of smoke in the cabin .
A former kit man for Scottish Premiership football club Celtic has appeared in court charged with child sex offences .
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes in Indian - administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the killing of a militant leader , police say .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a missing woman from Milton Keynes .
A £ 1.5 m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund has been awarded to help fund the restoration of a quarry for a proposed underground museum .
Jeremy Corbyn has set out his vision for improving transport in England as he launched his re - election campaign .
A London mother who refused to comply with a council order to send her son to school has won her appeal against the decision .
Plans to demolish a former hospital in Conwy county have been put on hold because of nesting seagulls .
A 15-year - old Malaysian boy has been operated on to remove a foetus that had lived inside his stomach for more than 20 years , reports say .
A man who was hospitalised after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA , known as " pink champagne " , took a synthetic version of the drug , Greater Manchester Police have said .
League Two side Londonderry City have signed Paddy McCourt on a free transfer from League One side Luton Town .
The High Court is to hear a fresh appeal from the parents of terminally ill baby Charlie Gard over whether he should be allowed to die .
St Johnstone midfielder Steven Craig has signed a new two - year contract with the Scottish Premiership club .
No further action will be taken against a Dundee MP who was questioned by police over his involvement in an independence campaign .
A lorry driver who killed a three - year - old girl and her mother in a head - on crash has been jailed for six years .
Guinea have been knocked out of the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea after a 3 - 0 defeat by Argentina in their last-16 match .
Typhoon Chan - hom has made landfall in eastern China 's Zhejiang province after battering the region with heavy rain .
It 's almost time for one of the biggest music awards in the world .
There is a " desperate need " for housing for former prison leavers in Wales , a charity has said .
Former England all - rounder Paul Downton has been appointed England and Wales Cricket Board chief executive .
One Direction have confirmed they 're staying together .
The body of Kim Jong - nam , the estranged son of North Korea 's former leader , has been returned to the country via Beijing , China says .
A man in his 50s has been left badly shaken after a gang of armed men forced their way into his home in west Belfast .
It 's the centenary of one of the biggest battles of World War One .
It would have been " rash and dangerous " for the government to press ahead with plans to force all schools to become academies , a report says .
The financial state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election on 8 June , the BBC understands .
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has arrived back in France after being freed by her captors in Oman .
Two Welsh cities have launched their bids to become the next UK City of Culture .
At least 1,306 militants from so - called Islamic State ( IS ) have been killed by UK air strikes in Iraq since the start of last year , the government has said .
Sri Lanka bowler Rangana Herath has signed a two - year contract extension to keep him in international cricket until the end of the 2018 season .
A mother and her two - year - old son have been found dead at a house in London .
Residents and businesses in Gourock in Inverclyde have been allowed to return home after a sea mine was removed from the River Tay .
An illegal high - rise building has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai , killing at least 20 people .
A man has died in a crash between a car and a lorry in Kent .
Every owner of a touchscreen gadget has spent time rubbing it with a tissue , a cloth or a sleeve gripped round the heel of the hand to banish those unsightly marks .
A measles outbreak has been reported at a nursery in Neath Port Talbot .
Levels of violence at HMP Bristol are now " considerably higher " than in similar prisons , inspectors have said .
Aberdeen defender Jonny Hayes has signed a new three - year contract with the Scottish Premiership club .
Protesters in the South Caucasus region of Abkhazia have taken to the streets of the capital , Sukhumi , demanding the resignation of the de facto president .
A plan to introduce a network of 20 mph ( 32 km/h ) speed limits across Edinburgh has been approved by councillors .
Saudi Arabia 's sovereign wealth fund has announced plans to build a new tourist zone on the Red Sea coast , which will include luxury resorts and nature reserves .
Newport County chairman David Foxall says the club 's board considered all options before sacking manager Graham Westley .
Only 15 % of victims of crime in England and Wales are given the chance to make a victim statement to police , the victims commissioner has said .
Five members of Guernsey 's Finance Department board have resigned in protest at the department 's financial problems .
Syrian rebels have captured the town of al - Rai from so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in the north of the country , activists say .
A council has been ordered to pay a man who was sexually abused by a senior worker more than £ 100,000 in compensation .
It could be over in hours - or it could take weeks .
Williams are interested in signing Valtteri Bottas from Ferrari if Jenson Button stays at McLaren , BBC Sport understands .
A man convicted of plotting an al - Qaeda bomb attack in Manchester six years ago has been sentenced to life in prison in the US .
A woman who stole more than £ 600,000 from her employer to fund her lavish lifestyle has been ordered to pay back £ 587,434 .
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down speculation linking teenage defender Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland .
Gatwick Airport has promised to take on the main risks of building a new runway as part of its bid to expand the airport .
A grand jury in the US state of Texas has decided not to bring charges over the death of Sandra Bland , who hanged herself while in custody .
Cuts to council funding in England could push some local authorities " to breaking point " , the Public Accounts Committee has warned .
England 's hopes of qualifying for the last 16 of Euro 2016 suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their final Group B game .
Archaeologists at the University of Bristol say they have found the remains of what could be the largest plague burial site in Europe .
Rurik Jutting , who has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong , has been sentenced to life in prison .
Libya 's UN - backed unity government is seeking international support to arm its forces to fight so - called Islamic State ( IS ) , the US says .
Olympic bronze medallist David Grabarz won Great Britain 's first medal of the World Championships with silver in the men 's pole vault .
Urinary catheters have been " easy money " for manufacturers and have not improved in recent decades , according to a leading urology expert .
Britain 's Ahmed Yafai won the vacant WBC world super - flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over former world champion Andres Gutierrez in Birmingham .
Bombay House is one of the most famous buildings in India .
A homeless man who drove a rollercoaster across the streets of Dumfries in a bid to get home after a night out has been banned from driving for two years .
Sri Lanka has rejected a UN call for a special court to investigate alleged war crimes during the 26-year conflict with Tamil Tiger rebels .
Sri Lankan pirates who seized an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia 's Puntland region have been released without paying a ransom , officials say .
A Scottish independence campaigner has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment .
News Corp , the owner of the Wall Street Journal , has reported a loss for the first three months of the year , hit by lower revenues at its Australian newspaper business .
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken for the first time about being fat - shamed on set .
A five - year - old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle blew away during a football match has undergone surgery .
For the first time in years , the Rohingya Muslims of Rakhine State in Myanmar have been given a glimmer of hope .
A number of roads in Londonderry have been closed following a serious road accident in the town .
India 's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first three months of the year , in what is seen as a " shocking " figure .
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman saved a late penalty to earn his side a goalless draw at home to Blackpool .
The Welsh government has been accused of " serious questions to answer " over the closure of a communications company in Torfaen .
A man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal Bernard " Goldfinger " Palmer .
The renewal of the UK 's Trident nuclear weapons system should be fast - tracked , Theresa May has said .
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia , according to researchers .
Great Britain 's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the 50 m breaststroke to retain his Olympic title at Rio 2016 .
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised winger Ben Woodburn after the England Under-20 international impressed during the pre - season .
Botswana has a lot going for it .
A mother and daughter who filmed a far - right leader shouting racist abuse at a rally have said they are " too strong to be scared of people with small - minded views " .
Two more bottles of whisky salvaged from a shipwreck which inspired the film Whisky Galore may not have been recorded by the Scottish government .
Qatar 's decision to cut off diplomatic ties with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab countries is causing concern in the Gaza Strip .
Ukraine 's president has called for a " firm reaction from the world " after pro - Russian rebels captured the strategic town of Debaltseve in eastern Ukraine .
An Edinburgh GP has admitted giving his wife a heroin overdose after she threatened to leave him if he did not quit .
The NHS in England could save £ 500 m a year by cutting the number of foreign visitors and migrants it treats , the government says .
Arsenal and Chelsea will donate £ 250,000 each to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire to help those affected by the tragedy , the Football Association has announced .
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Caledonian MacBrayne ferry staff are to resume on Wednesday .
Foresters in Poland say storms that killed at least six people and destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of forest are the worst in the country 's history .
Two performances of Matilda have been cancelled after the actress playing the title character became ill on stage .
Bangladesh 's government has sacked the head teacher of a school for allegedly insulting Islam after he was subjected to a religious ritual humiliation .
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker overturned on the M4 in Cardiff .
An ultramarathon has been held in Hong Kong for the first time , despite criticism of its " monotonous " course .
French Ligue 1 side Marseille have confirmed the sale of the club to American businessman Frank McCourt .
Lloyds Banking Group is no longer owned by the UK government .
Bolton Wanderers have signed Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero on a season - long loan deal .
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian has been killed in separate incidents in south London .
UK scientists are trying to map the behaviour of the world 's tectonic plates from space .
Aid has arrived in Vanuatu to help those affected by Cyclone Pam .
Ukrainian officials and many in the media claim that far - right parties did not win a single seat in last month 's general election .
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to question two more men as part of an investigation into one of the London attackers .
Leicester defender Wes Morgan is expected to be available after missing the win over Manchester City with a hamstring injury .
The UK 's new anti - slavery commissioner says he is " extremely concerned " about the number of people trafficked to the UK from Nigeria .
Police in Chad have arrested more than 100 men suspected of involvement in the gang rape and murder of an 18-year - old woman in the capital , Chad .
An appeal against the conviction of former North Wales Police chief David Anglesea will be lodged within the next 10 days , his lawyer has said .
Boeing has developed a laser that can be used to shoot down a drone .
There are too few women working in the UK 's intelligence services .
Nour , a 15-year - old girl from Mosul , Iraq , was caught up in the fighting between so - called Islamic State ( IS ) and government forces in 2014 .
The US government has filed a lawsuit against disgraced former cyclist Lance Armstrong for $ 100 m ( Â£65 m ) in a bid to overturn his seven Tour de France titles .
( Close ) : Shares in Standard Chartered rose after the bank said it would raise $ 1.5bn ( Â£1.1bn ) through a stock market flotation .
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the wake of a planned rise in car insurance premium tax .
Lancashire County Council has decided to keep bus lane restrictions in place in one of the city 's busiest areas for the festive period .
An Australian koala has been named " Bear Grylls " after it survived after being hit by a car and getting stuck in a car grill .
A musical version of Adrian Mole , based on the best - selling children 's book by Sue Townsend , has opened in Leicester .
Police have said the discovery of a large cache of weapons in a County Antrim forest could have " saved lives " .
When the Pro12 's director of rugby Les Dodson spoke to the BBC 's Rory Browne last month about the need for a radical shake - up of the competition , he was n't talking about the future of Scottish rugby .
More than 70 pupils have been sent home from an academy in Bristol for failing to meet uniform standards .
Rock band U2 have played their first gig in the Republic of Ireland in more than 30 years .
Wales ' hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter - finals were ended by Australia as the Wallabies held on for a hard - fought victory .
A paedophile who sexually abused a police officer in the 1970s and 1980s has been jailed .
Swedish police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out an attack on the Pierre Svensson shopping centre in central Stockholm on Tuesday , in which a man was shot dead by police .
The US Navy says it has intercepted two missiles fired at a US warship off the coast of Yemen , which it believes were fired from Houthi - controlled territory .
Lionel Richie is to return to the stage in Las Vegas for a series of concerts next year .
Airdrieonians missed the chance to go top of the Scottish Championship as they were held to a 3 - 3 draw by Dundee .
Spain 's Fernando Rodriguez will retire from cycling at the end of this year 's Tour de France .
A motorcyclist has died and a 10-year - old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash with a car in east London .
Blackberry has unveiled a new Android - powered smartphone , the Z30 , which it says is its " biggest ever " .
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he is " relieved and relieved " that a brain tumour has been removed .
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky says he is considering seeking political asylum in the UK because he is considered a threat to President Vladimir Putin .
Greenock Morton defender Stephen Duffy says a win over Rangers in Sunday 's Scottish Cup fifth - round tie would be a " monumental upset " .
Hundreds of people have attended VJ Day commemorations in Portsmouth .
Great Britain 's Jack Burnell says the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men 's 100 m backstroke final was " absolutely outrageous " .
London Irish scrum - half Ross Ford has been banned for two weeks by the Rugby Football Union after pleading guilty to violent conduct .
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den .
The number of children in the UK being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year , a charity has said .
A US woman charged with child sex offences in Wrexham has had her case against her dropped .
Athletics has a problem with " four , five or six nations " in addition to Russia , says World Anti - Doping Agency chief David Warner .
Pope Francis has used the word " genocide " to describe the mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks during World War One .
A drug which reduces the risk of HIV infection is to be trialled on the NHS in Wales .
Police in the Republic of Ireland have made a " significant " seizure of herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of more than € 1.5 m ( Â£1.2 m ) in a raid on a house in the west of the country .
The parents of a disabled teenager who drowned during a swimming lesson have been found guilty of causing or allowing him to drown .
Devolution in Wales has not gone " as far as it should " and needs to go further and faster , the head of the Church in Wales says .
The Croick Decanter , a relic of the Highland Clearances , has been donated to Inverness Museum .
Ceremonies have been held in the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme .
The BBC has been cleared of breaching impartiality guidelines over a column by BBC Countryfile editor David Packham .
The mother of a girl with a rare genetic condition has said it is a " huge weight off her shoulders " that a new drug to treat it has been approved for the Welsh NHS .
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia .
The new Sainsbury 's Christmas advert , John Lewis 's ManOnTheMoon and Mulberry 's " Christmas on the moon " are just some of the latest examples of how retailers are adapting to the digital age .
The curlew has been added to the red list of the British Birds of Conservation Concern ( BCC ) list after a decline in numbers in Northern Ireland .
Average footfall in town centres across the Borders has risen by 1 % in the past year , according to new figures .
Scarlets scrum - half James Davies has apologised for using " foul or abusive language " during Scarlets ' 24 - 21 defeat by Toulon in the European Champions Cup in France on Sunday .
Islamic State ( IS ) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian statues and artefacts in northern Iraq .
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast .
Sir Bradley Wiggins has become the first Briton to win an Olympic gold medal on home soil , as Katherine Glover and Heather Stanning won rowing gold for Great Britain .
The cost to the taxpayer of the Department for Transport 's bungling of the West Coast rail franchise fiasco could be higher than previously estimated , MPs have said .
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is " not like losing your place in football " .
A man armed with a machete has attacked a police officer at the home of Kenya 's Deputy President William Ruto , wounding him with the weapon , police say .
A lion cub has been found by staff at a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia after being born in a cage with six other animals .
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption in connection with a multi - million dollar property deal .
A man has told a murder trial how police tried to sit a man up " like a teddy bear " after he was found dead outside a bar in Aberdeen .
Carl Frampton will make the first defence of his IBF world featherweight title against Leo Santa Cruz in the United States on 29 March .
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled the trial of two high school football players accused of raping a girl will be held in private .
A project to protect the heritage of Snowdonia 's mountains has been given a £ 198,000 boost .
A man who drove to Manchester to help people affected by the terror attack has said it was " heartening " to see people " pull together " in the wake of the attack .
US media companies Discovery Communications and Scripps Networks have agreed to merge in a deal worth $ 14.6bn ( Â£11.4bn ) that would create one of the country 's biggest media companies .
Three men and two teenagers have been arrested following the Aberdeen v Celtic match at Pittodrie .
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a rape charity .
Thousands of people have taken part in street parties across the UK as part of the Queen 's Birthday celebrations .
Donegal Harps earned their first Premier Division win over Derry City since 1998 as they beat the Candystripes 2 - 1 at Finn Park .
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a woman in Aberdeen .
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Dundee .
Russia has begun major military exercises in the south of the country , as tensions continue to rise over the conflict in Ukraine .
England all - rounder Ben Stokes scored a half - century and took two late wickets as they beat India by one wicket in the third one - day international in Mumbai .
A magistrate who posted an anti - Irish tweet which is being investigated as a suspected hate crime has resigned .
Bristol Cathedral is marking the 300th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess who was cast aside by Henry VIII after his divorce .
Two - time Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has given Newsround his tips for young athletes .
Championship side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack McQueen on a season - long loan deal .
A US tourist has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park while hiking with his sister , officials say .
US President Barack Obama has said the killing of five police officers in Dallas has revealed " the deepest fault line of our democracy " .
The ancestors of present - day Basques are descended from early Iberian farmers who mixed with hunter - gatherers , a study suggests .
The US investment fund Cerberus paid a Belfast law firm £ 15 m to help it sell Nama 's Northern Ireland loan portfolio , a committee of MPs has heard .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career .
Ospreys moved into the Pro12 play - off places with a bonus - point win over Ulster at the Liberty Stadium .
Malian soldiers have carried out summary executions of Arabs and ethnic Tuaregs in the west of the country , a rights group says .
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla will miss the rest of the season with a foot injury .
The deputy chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council is among three senior staff leaving the authority .
The man accused of killing five people at an airport baggage claim in Florida on Friday has been charged with murder .
Olympic silver medallist Jonathan Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling .
The scientists investigating the Chicxulub Crater - the site of the asteroid strike that wiped out the dinosaurs - say they have found an important pointer to the asteroid itself .
Australian golfer Scott Allenby says he was dumped in a park in Hawaii after being robbed at knifepoint during a night out in Honolulu .
Universities in Wales are concerned about the number of essay mills offering students bespoke essay writing sites in return for a fee .
The Soloist building in Belfast city centre has been sold .
Nigeria 's parliament is debating a bill that would make it a crime to post abusive messages on social media .
West Ham chairman David Sullivan and chief executive David Gold have rejected an offer from Monster Beverage for the club .
Former England all - rounder Gareth Lewis hopes his experience of life in prison can help young cricketers on their first tour of the County Championship .
The UK economy grew at its fastest pace for more than two years in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
David Beckham is " hyper - correcting himself " to speak with an English accent , University of Manchester researchers have found .
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off a mountain in northern Finland to mark the centenary of its independence from Russia .
Barcelona striker Neymar has appeared in court in Madrid to give evidence in a fraud case brought by a Brazilian investment fund against the Spanish club .
Teachers ' pay in Northern Ireland is higher than other graduate professions , the head of the Education Authority has said .
Plymouth Argyle have released six players , including midfielders Jack Hogan , Manny Smith and Adam Mafuta , and defender Sean O'Donnell .
The assembly 's presiding officer has called for more people to register to vote ahead of May 's elections .
Elvis Presley has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling a series of concerts in recent days .
Venezuela 's Vice - President , Delcy Isturiz , has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum , as the opposition has said .
More than 90 % of the genes that cause breast cancer have been identified by scientists .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The States of Jersey has issued a warning to visitors to Jersey 's coral reefs after hundreds of birds were disturbed .
The US has said it is willing to co - operate with Russia in the fight against terrorism but will stand up for the interests of America and her allies .
In 1943 , Sir William Ewart Gladstone , one of the founders of the welfare state , gave his first interview on the subject .
China is set to account for more than a quarter of the world 's young graduates by 2020 , according to a new forecast .
England women 's player of the year Joe Root has praised coach Peter Moores after being appointed Test vice - captain .
A US college entrance exam for international students has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because of a cheating scandal .
The former chief medical officer of Scotland 's NHS has been appointed to lead a review of health and social care targets .
Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled plans to make it easier to deport foreign criminals and make it harder for non - British people to use the NHS .
South Korea 's Kia Motors has been ranked as the best car brand in the world for reliability , according to a new study .
President Donald Trump 's new secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , has said his wife " convinced " him to take up the post .
Andy Murray won his second Wimbledon title with a straight - set victory over Canada 's Milos Raonic on Centre Court .
Scientists have sequenced the genome of ash trees for the first time in Britain .
The High Court is about to get involved in one of the most high - profile constitutional cases in years .
Two British students who survived a boat accident in Indonesia have told their mother they swam for eight hours to shore before being rescued .
The mother of a boy who was removed from an EasyJet flight after an overbooked flight at Gatwick Airport has said the airline needs an " immediate overhaul " .
A health regulator has launched an investigation into the management of a hospital trust in Manchester .
A year on from his election as India 's prime minister , Narendra Modi appears to have made a mark on social media diplomacy .
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet moved into the League Two play - off places with victory at Leyton Orient .
Nottingham Forest caretaker boss Gary Brazil says he is not aware of where the club is in their search for a new manager .
Santander and Deutsche Bank have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests , which assess the ability of lenders to withstand a financial crisis .
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Mark Federici on a two - year deal .
The culture secretary has been cleared of any wrongdoing over funding given to the organisers of the T in the Park festival .
Former Liberal Democrat MP Nick Laws has said he will not be standing for election again and has taken up a new role at a think - tank .
A drilling rig which ran aground on Lewis more than a month ago is being taken to Malta for repairs before being scrapped .
A German woman who suffered a pulmonary embolism after taking the Yasminelle contraceptive pill is suing the drugmaker Bayer for failing to warn her of the dangers of blood clots .
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who sent them a selfie of himself to help track down a suspect .
There is a strange phenomenon going on in the bond market .
William " Plum " Smith , a founding member of the Progressive Unionist Party ( PUP ) , has died at the age of 83 .
There may be more multi - millionaires and billionaires than ever before in the world , but the wealth gap between the rich and the rest of us is getting wider .
The family of a County Tyrone man who died in a fall in China have said they are " devastated " by his death .
Belfast Giants will host an all - star game to celebrate the 10th anniversary of their first Elite League title .
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle .
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a transplant .
A couple who were found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed , an inquest has heard .
John Hughes has resigned as Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager .
Scotland and Ireland have been drawn in the same group as England in the group stage of the World Twenty20 .
Britain 's Olympic taekwondo team has been cleared of any wrongdoing after a review found no evidence to support claims of poor treatment of its athletes .
Former Welsh Liberal Democrat MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 67 .
Nottingham Forest have signed Greek midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis for an undisclosed fee .
South Africa 's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a party last month .
Rescue teams in Colombia are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide that has killed at least 123 people .
Supermarket giant Tesco has reported a fall in full - year pre - tax profit to £ 145 m after taking a legal charge over its accounting scandal .
The main structure of Europe 's next - generation star - hunting satellite has arrived in the UK .
Nick Kyrgios said he was " tired " and " bored " as he beat American Sam Querrey in straight sets at the Shanghai Masters .
Olympic gold medallist Chris Lewis - Francis has been left out of Great Britain 's four - man bobsleigh squad for the World Championships in Pyeongchang .
The body of a man has been found on a beach in Carmarthenshire .
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder Adam Matthews on a two - year contract .
If you want to get into cycling , but you do n't know where to start or how to get started , there are lots of ways to get involved .
Pupils in Northern Ireland are being taught how to cope with stress and anxiety ahead of the big move to secondary school .
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a revenge attack .
Rotherham United have appointed Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new manager after the Easter Road club parted company with him .
Black voters in Ferguson , Missouri , have elected their first black council members since a black teenager was shot dead by a white police officer last year .
The M74 extension to the south of Glasgow has not reduced the number of road accidents , according to a new study .
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found in Bedfordshire .
The family of a British man detained in India for more than two years have said they are " devastated " after the Supreme Court postponed the hearing of his case .
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an alleged assault on a train in Moray .
Nigeria 's economy shrank by 0.3 % in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
The Catholic Church in Australia has been " destroyed " by the way it responded to child sex abuse claims , a senior bishop has said .
Arsenal produced one of the best first - half displays of the season to thrash Premier League leaders Chelsea in a stunning display at Emirates Stadium .
A suspected firearm has been found in north Belfast .
Glacial lakes could form on one of the world 's highest glaciers , scientists have warned .
Ant & Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway game has been recalled after some of the answers to questions were wrong .
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of having sex with her boyfriend in a nightclub .
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino 's future at the club is " over " after the striker scored his first goal for the club in the 2 - 0 win over Stoke .
A former Texas police officer has been charged with murder over the death of a black teenager who was shot dead by a white officer .
Swansea City must appoint a manager who can " get them out of trouble " if they are relegated from the Premier League , says assistant manager Alan Curtis .
Scunthorpe United have signed Shrewsbury Town midfielder Jack Caton on a one - month loan deal .
A teenager has been assaulted and stamped on by two people on a train in Glasgow .
Three men who gave a man the " kiss - of - life " after he was trapped in a submerged car in a dyke have described how they saved him .
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a " hangover " following their FA Cup semi - final defeat by Arsenal .
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Army .
Tens of thousands of people have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier , the US student who died in a coma after being released from North Korea last week .
Prank TV shows have become increasingly popular in the Middle East and North Africa during Ramadan , but they have also become increasingly controversial .
Great Britain 's David Hawkins was beaten to victory in the 8 km men 's race at the World Half Marathon Championships in Glasgow by Kenya 's Geoffrey Korir .
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young children , one of whom has died and the other critically ill , in a flat .
Sale Sharks ' Josh Charnley says he is looking forward to a " free - flowing " start to his union career after switching from rugby league .
Olympic champions Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will lead a star - studded field for this year 's Tour of Britain , which starts in Manchester on Saturday .
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram will join Australian Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers for the 2018 season .
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to challenge for the Formula 1 world title .
A life - size replica of the Lady Penelope puppet created by Thunderbirds creator Ken Anderson is to be auctioned to raise money for charity .
Nato 's failure to investigate the deaths of dozens of civilians in Libya last year is " deeply troubling " , a leading human rights group says .
Barnsley have signed midfielder Jack Rothwell and defender Harry Maguire on free transfers following the end of last season 's Championship campaign .
Powys council has been appointed as the new head of the new Office of Fair Trading ( OFT ) for Wales .
Nurses at Eastbourne General Hospital have said they are " devastated " by plans to downgrade services at the hospital .
Two pilots who took part in the D - Day landings in World War Two have been honoured by a Gloucester museum .
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing .
UK Anti - Doping ( Ukad ) is to conduct an independent review into claims made in the Sunday Times that Premier League footballers took performance - enhancing drugs .
The Scottish Football Association ( SFA ) has apologised to fans who received a scam email claiming to be from the governing body .
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United will have to win more than Kilmarnock to avoid relegation .
A commission in South Africa has recommended that Christmas should be removed from the national holiday calendar .
A ticket for The Beatles ' first ever UK gig has been sold at auction for £ 2,500 - more than 10 times its original price .
Huddersfield secured a top - eight Super League finish for the first time this season by beating bottom side Leigh Centurions .
Michael Rowland scored two goals as Armagh beat 10-man Louth 3 - 13 to 0 - 13 in a thrilling Division Three game at the Gaelic Grounds .
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League .
A stranded oil barge has run aground in strong winds off the coast of Norway , narrowly missing a platform owned by BP .
Prosecutors in Japan have opened a criminal case against the advertising agency Dentsu over the death of a Japanese employee who took her own life after working too many hours of overtime .
A group of Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in Powys .
St Ronan 's College beat St Mary 's Magherafelt 0 - 17 to 0 - 12 in the Ulster Under-21 Hurling semi - final at the Dub on Saturday .
Former champion female jockey Kerry Turner says she hopes her retirement will inspire other female jockeys .
Jon Stewart , the host of The Daily Show , is celebrating his 60th birthday .
England 's collapse on the final day of the final Test against India in Chennai was one of the worst collapses in the history of cricket .
A number of petrol bombs have been found in west Belfast .
A security audit of the UK 's major internet service providers , carried out in the wake of the TalkTalk hack , has found plenty of problems that could have been exploited by hackers .
If you wanted to know what was what in the on - going shambles at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix in Nethergate and you 'd be in for a treat .
A former employee of the Silk Road 2.0 website has been sentenced to five years in prison for drug trafficking and money laundering .
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks to sell the Premier League club .
Chancellor Philip Hammond has dismissed calls for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the European Union , saying " nothing will happen at the moment " .
A lorry driver and two accomplices have been jailed for smuggling 20 illegal immigrants into the UK .
Celtic , Aberdeen and Rangers have been drawn in the Scottish Cup quarter - finals .
World leaders are preparing to sign the Paris climate agreement , despite the absence of US President Barack Obama .
Taliban fighters have been released after a two - day siege on a police base in northern Afghanistan , officials say .
A former Liberal Democrat peer who resigned from the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg 's decision to quit the party has given thousands of pounds to election campaigns .
The vice - principal of a primary school where a father and his two children were seriously injured in a suspected arson attack has been praised for his actions .
Welsh pole vaulter Bethany Peake is targeting a personal best and a Welsh record as she bids to qualify for the Rio Olympics .
An academy school in Southampton is to be merged with another in a bid to save it from closure .
Sean O'Brien will start for Ireland in Saturday 's Six Nations match against Scotland in Glasgow after recovering from injury .
Wigan Athletic 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a major blow as they were beaten at Ipswich .
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of footballer Robert Snodgrass after he failed to appear in court in connection with a motoring offence .
UKIP has said it would set up a dedicated veterans ' minister and introduce a national defence medal for all UK military personnel .
The families of a couple killed in a crash between a car and two cyclists have paid tribute to a " very special couple " .
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has ordered special security measures across the country after French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo published cartoons mocking Islam .
Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team - mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel was fastest .
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow .
A man who was shot in the chest in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died in hospital .
Australia 's Test series in Bangladesh has been postponed because of security concerns , says Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Wasim Khan .
A woman has died and an eight - year - old boy has been injured in a crash involving a rally car in the Highlands .
Lido beach in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the country , and it has become a magnet for foreign visitors .
A new law banning the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops and restaurants in Wales has come into force .
A woman 's hair was set alight in a " nasty and extremely dangerous " arson attack at a McDonald 's restaurant , police said .
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice after a man was found with a knife in his car in Southampton .
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to appear before a parliamentary committee for the first time since it was published .
A new soldier mascot has been chosen to replace Lance Corporal Derby XXX , who died of cancer last year .
Growth in the Scottish economy is likely to slow further this year , according to a new report .
A 90-year - old woman in a care home was " absolutely thrilled " to meet her " great icon " George Clooney when he turned up for a visit .
Two police officers have been charged with misconduct after giving evidence to MPs about a meeting with Andrew Mitchell .
There are few sporting rivalries as passionate as those between Italy and Northern Ireland , but the rivalry between the two sides has been as colourful as they have been .
Mike Ashley has replaced Dave Forsey as chief executive of Sports Direct , the company has confirmed .
Great Britain women lost 3 - 2 to North Korea in overtime in their opening game at the World Championship in Canada .
The National Union of Students ( NUS ) is launching a campaign against Liberal Democrat MPs who it says have broken promises on tuition fees .
The UK 's Competition and Markets Authority ( OFT ) has lifted a ban on online travel agents and hotels offering discounts on hotel rooms , following an investigation .
A forensic scientist who led two searches for the remains of the Disappeared has died .
A deal by Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) to sell timber to a sawmill operator in a bid to stop the spread of a disease may have broken the law , the auditor general has said .
The war on drugs in the United States has cost taxpayers more than half a trillion dollars in the last 50 years .
Water supplies have been cut to more than 1,000 homes in Southampton after a water main burst .
Everton have rejected a £ 30 m bid from Manchester City for England defender John Stones .
Tennis is one of the fastest growing sports in the world , with the number of men 's Grand Slams reaching a record high for the first time in 2015 .
Nurseries in England are facing a recruitment crisis because of a requirement for staff to have a GCSE in English and maths , campaigners say .
One of the main treatments for osteoporosis could be making people 's bones weaker , a study suggests .
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is " a bit rusty " as he prepares to start for Scotland in Sunday 's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia .
A clerk in the US state of North Carolina has been ordered to appear in court over her refusal to issue marriage licences to gay couples .
Budget airline Easyjet has announced plans to launch new flights between Durham Tees Valley and Aberdeen .
Campaigners have criticised plans to demolish Jersey 's historic airport terminal to make way for a new car park .
The Scottish government has published details of its plans to reform land ownership in Scotland .
Police Scotland has admitted it does not have figures on the number of children who have been victims of sexual exploitation .
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager .
Eeyore to the Eeyore Tigger , the Treasury is preparing for the worst .
The US says it has expelled two Russian officials from the country in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow .
More than 300 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since the start of 2016 , new figures have shown .
Police in Italy have seized more than 1.5bn euros ( $ 1.6bn ; Â£1.1bn ) in assets from a notorious criminal who made his fortune by altering gambling machines .
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players and instead focus on the work they do on the pitch .
A huge snowstorm has hit the north - east of England , causing travel disruption and power cuts .
Australia reached the Women 's World Twenty20 final as they beat England by five wickets in a thrilling semi - final in India .
Dwayne Bravo hit an unbeaten century as West Indies lost to Pakistan in the first day - night Test in Dubai .
The body of a military helicopter has been recovered from a Snowdonia mountain after it crashed during a training exercise .
The US says it has begun training rebels in Syria to fight the Islamic State militant group .
Google has said it has made a significant breakthrough in its effort to beam internet connectivity across the world via balloons .
United Airlines has announced it is to stop flying its Belfast to Newark service .
The surviving crew of Pan Am Flight 73 have spoken for the first time of the dramatic events that led to the hijacking of the plane in 1986 .
India 's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by one of the two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 .
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have abolished the so - called " tampon tax " in the US state .
Bromley boosted their National League play - off hopes with a 1 - 0 win over Torquay at Hayes Lane .
Scottish League One leaders Livingston moved three points clear at the top of the table with victory over Queen 's Park .
Wolves defender Aron Bodvarsson says Paul Lambert has brought a " clear message " to his team since taking over as manager .
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has paid tribute to the Welsh - born make - up artist who has helped him win an Oscar .
A council leader has been asked to resign over claims he " misled " councillors over contracts awarded to a fitness firm owned by his personal physiotherapist .
Fishermen and anglers off the coast of Wales are being asked to help conserve a rare species of shark .
A woman has admitted killing a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire .
Northern Ireland Under-21s beat Spain 1 - 0 to reach the quarter - finals of Euro 2016 .
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of telling a woman to " go get a man " at a campaign rally .
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after an attack on a five - year - old girl in London left her needing plastic surgery .
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group in the assembly has defended a tweet from one of his colleagues after a row on Twitter .
Thousands of British soldiers have complained about the weight of a new body armour system being issued to them .
The UK 's population grew by more than 500,000 between mid-2013 and mid-2014 , the Office for National Statistics has said .
Postal ballot papers sent out to voters in Hull without the names of two candidates for the general election were sent out in error .
The UK 's prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the chance to stay in the country after Brexit , in a bid to reassure them about their rights .
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens and England rugby league player Ben Flower .
A journalist in India has been arrested for allegedly fabricating an article claiming that Muslims had been banned from teaching yoga .
A man who was caught trying to meet a teenager for sex after being groomed online has been jailed for four years .
Care homes in Wales are " chemically coshed " by the inappropriate use of drugs to treat dementia , the health commissioner for Wales has said .
Yorkshire 's Jack Leaning scored his first first - class century of the season to help his side fight back against Lancashire on day two of the Roses match at Old Trafford .
Cricket and Nigeria may seem an incongruous pairing , but in Lagos many a weekend players in their colourful kit take to the crease on a dusty pitch in one of Nigeria 's most populous cities .
A fire broke out at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry on Thursday morning after a " bed pan washer " caught fire .
At least 14 people have been killed in a bomb blast in a Lebanese border town near the Syrian border , officials say .
Wolves have been sold to Chinese investment group Fosun International .
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the England Under-21 squad for the first time .
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of raping two boys at a care home .
A giant gorilla statue made entirely of spoons has been unveiled at the home of comedian Uri Geller in Shropshire .
England head coach Mark Powell says his side 's 2 - 0 win over Japan in their final group game at the Women 's World Cup has sent them into the quarter - finals .
A woman has been raped after leaving the Henley Royal Regatta in Berkshire .
( Close ) : The FTSE 250 share index closed higher , with shares in Carillion leading the way after the construction firm said it had appointed accountants EY to support its strategic review .
Pakistan 's Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of an appeal by a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy after one of the judges recused himself .
A leading Australian politician has called for a four - day working week , in a bid to encourage people to work fewer hours .
A man who was deported from the UK after being arrested in raids at Byron restaurants in London has said he is " saddened " by the way he was treated .
Two siblings have appeared in court charged with terror offences .
Southern rail conductors have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over changes to the role of conductors .
The former editor of the Sun newspaper , Kelvin MacKenzie , has been accused of " racist " and " prehistoric " comments about a mixed - race footballer .
After the success of our team at the Women 's World Cup in Canada , there will be a sense of relief that we can now move on to the next stage of our season .
" Look at this tree , " said Dedel , pointing to a branch of the andiroba tree .
Three British teenagers who were arrested on their return to the UK from Turkey have been released without charge .
Wales ' councils have been hit by a drop in the amount of money they can earn from recycling and waste management services .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face former club Barcelona for a third time in four seasons in the Champions League group stage .
A waiter at a restaurant in northern Spain has described a " stampede " in which more than 30 diners left after eating and drinking too much food and drinks .
The Met Office has issued a weather warning for ice and snow across much of Scotland on Saturday night .
A High Court hearing has been adjourned in a bid to overturn a decision not to refer two brothers who lied in court to a judge who reduced their sentences .
Wigan Warriors captain Ben Flower has been banned for eight games for punching St Helens ' Lance Hohaia .
The Russian government has launched its own version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia .
Police in Northern Ireland are investigating a spate of cases in which men have been tricked into performing sex acts online and then blackmailed for money .
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have " everything to play for " as they bid to become the first team to go a 38-game Scottish Premiership season unbeaten .
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled in favour of ex - Lithuania President Dalia Paksas in a landmark case over his disqualification from running for election .
Japan 's Supreme Court has ruled that women can not take their husband 's surname after marriage , in a landmark ruling that could affect thousands of women in the country .
US chipmaker Qualcomm has announced plans to cut costs by $ 1.4bn ( Â£1.1bn ) and said it may break up .
A man has been arrested after an investigation into the illegal importation of endangered species into the UK .
Security staff evacuated people from the O2 Arena after a fire broke out in a restaurant during an Elvis Presley concert .
An 18-year - old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman who was hit and killed by a car in Londonderry .
The head of Queen 's University Belfast has said Northern Ireland needs to make " critical decisions very , very quickly " on higher education .
Boaty McBoatface has emerged as the front - runner to be named the UK 's new polar research vessel .
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser to earn Birmingham a point at Huddersfield .
More than 5,000 people have been arbitrarily detained in Venezuela since anti - government protests began in April , according to a UN report .
US economists Gary Hart and Erik Holmstrom have won the Nobel economics prize for their work on public sector contracts .
The Workers Party has criticised the BBC for not giving it enough time to campaign in the general election .
A giant red ' A ' sign has appeared on a roundabout in Berkshire .
Outdoor learning should become part of the national curriculum in England 's schools , a report in the British Journal of Education suggests .
An international team of scientists is to investigate the origins of the mythical " yeti " or " migoi " creature , in a bid to shed new light on one of the world 's most mysterious mysteries .
Thieves are targeting industrial units at an industrial estate in Wolverhampton in a bid to steal thousands of pounds worth of machinery .
England fly - half Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women 's Six Nations with a knee injury .
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored second - half goals as Juventus beat 10-man FC Porto to set up a Champions League quarter - final second leg against Barcelona .
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen for the first time since before the recession , according to official figures .
New South African sides joining the Pro12 will face a " brutal " nine - month spell in a cross - border competition , says ex - Ulster and Edinburgh head coach Graham Solomons .
A gene in the DNA of people in Italy and the Netherlands has been linked to the amount of coffee they drink .
A department store in Birmingham has been forced to close after a major flood .
Lancashire 's One - Day Cup game against Somerset was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of rain .
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Ayrshire .
An RAF pilot has been found guilty of causing a military jet to plunge into the Black Sea while using his camera to photograph other aircraft .
A woman whose dog bit a postman while he was delivering mail in Dumfries has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction .
The former Archbishop of Canterbury , Lord Carey , has said it would not be " anti - Christian " to allow terminally ill people to take their own lives .
Two fire stations in Coventry and Aston could be demolished to make way for a new fire station in the city .
A woman has admitted stealing more than £ 10,000 from her mother 's bank account to fund her gambling habit .
Mohamed Elyounoussi and Ruud Ruud scored late goals as Northern Ireland were beaten 3 - 0 by Norway in a friendly in Belfast .
Plaid Cymru 's new leader Leanne Wood has never been one to mince her words .
China 's consumer prices rose at their fastest pace in more than two years in June , helped by rising food prices .
The medals for this summer 's World Para - athletics Championships in London have been unveiled .
The Red Cross has warned that food supplies in war - torn Yemen could run out " very soon " and that millions of people could die of hunger .
Stan Wawrinka stunned world number one Novak Djokovic to win his first French Open title and end the Serb 's hopes of winning all four Grand Slams .
The number of sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) in England has risen sharply in the past five years , figures show .
A jury in France has found a woman guilty of murdering her two children and burying their bodies in the garden of her parents ' home .
A coroner has called for a review of weekend staffing levels at a hospital where a woman died after an operation .
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban actress Lupita Nyong'o has been cast as Hermione Granger in the next Harry Potter film .
Passengers at Belfast International Airport were stuck on planes for hours on Tuesday night because of high winds .
Scunthorpe United have signed defender Luke Wood on a two - year contract after he rejected a new deal with fellow League Two side Grimsby Town .
The British and Irish Lions ' hopes of a first series win in 16 years suffered a blow as Australia came from behind to earn a thrilling draw in Melbourne .
The Welsh Government is to spend an extra £ 100 m on renting out homes in Wales over the next three years .
He was a multi - millionaire property developer with a wife and family going through a " mid - life crisis " , she was the escort he pinned his hopes for a future on .
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo , officials say .
A man has been charged in connection with an attempted robbery at a supermarket in Fife .
Middlesex all - rounder James Simpson has signed a new two - year contract with the club .
A report has cleared the former Garda Commissioner ( Garda ) Michael Callinan and former justice minister Alan Shatter of any wrongdoing .
A group of writers are boycotting a PEN awards ceremony in the US in protest at the decision to give an award to French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo .
Dundee manager Grant McCann cancelled his players ' day off after his side 's poor display in their Scottish League Cup win over East Fife .
Guingamp have signed former Derby County player Abou Camara on a two - year deal following his release by the Rams .
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell and Grimsby Town defender Ryan Edwards .
New Zealand head coach Warren Gatland says coach Warren Henry " made up the numbers " when it came to selecting his squad for the tour of Australia .
In 1947 , India was split into two new countries , India and Pakistan .
The Scottish SPCA has called for the licensing of airguns after a cat was shot with a pellet gun in West Lothian .
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in the South African city of Durban to protest against recent xenophobic attacks .
A man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hotel had a history of making death threats , an inquest has heard .
An ancient Chinese board game has been discovered in an ancient tomb .
Katarina Johnson - Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the 800 m at the IAAF World Indoor Athletics Championships .
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets to win the Women 's World Twenty20 in a thrilling final in Delhi .
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving .
Shares in the world 's biggest carmaker , Volkswagen , have fallen more than 14 % after it was hit by a huge emissions scandal .
A university chemistry student has developed " the most environmentally friendly falling snow products in the world " .
A photographer has captured a " stunning " picture of a bottlenose dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen Harbour .
German exports and factory production fell in November , adding to a raft of disappointing economic data that has cast further doubt on the country 's recovery .
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire man in a gangland turf war has told a court it was a " stupid idea " for him to approach his victim 's car with a knife .
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover , as it prepares to publish its final print edition .
Coventry City 's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena has " torn the heart out of the city " , says one of the Sky Blues ' most loyal fans .
Universities in England are advertising tuition fees at a higher level than the £ 9,000 upper limit set by the government .
Maltese hunters are illegally shooting birds of prey including turtle doves and quail during the spring migration , according to a British conservationist .
A collection of rare recordings of Christmas and New Year celebrations made by a family in London have been heard for the first time in more than 100 years .
UK house prices rose by 9.5 % in 2015 , the fastest increase since 2006 , according to the UK 's biggest mortgage lender , the Halifax .
A " unique " painting of the coronation of King Charles II has been discovered in a County Durham park .
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says the Elite League play - off semi - finals are " the hardest thing to win " .
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp in Minneapolis , Minnesota , in which four people were shot dead .
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down following a damning report into the force 's handling of child abuse in Rotherham .
It is one of the most familiar phrases in football .
Moco - Moco primary school is a place where the only thing you see every day is a single yellow brick wall , covered in graffiti .
Four men have been remanded in custody charged with conspiring to import more than 167 kg of cannabis into Northern Ireland .
A " five - figure sum " is expected to be spent to repair a 19th Century market cross damaged in a suspected drink - driving crash .
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa for Comic Relief .
Mohamed is one of thousands of people trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece in search of safety .
Brazil 's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been accused of involvement in a massive corruption scandal at the state oil company Petrobras .
US President Barack Obama has said there is " room for criticism " from David Cameron over the UK 's intervention in Libya after the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi .
At least 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain caused flash flooding .
One of the world 's leading cybersecurity experts says he has been tricked into handing over a bag of heroin to the police by hackers .
A fox that was rescued after being found in a field in Carmarthenshire has been released back into the wild .
When someone has a cigarette they inhale smoke - but this smoke is also breathed in by everyone else around them .
The Scottish government has admitted that the oil and gas downturn is partly to blame for the country 's economic slowdown .
Russia 's security service wants to ban the public from accessing data on the ownership of state - owned property , an anti - corruption watchdog says .
Scotland 's first minister has ruled out an independence referendum this year .
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammys for the second year in a row .
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been appointed as Bolton Wanderers ' new manager , BBC Radio Northampton reports .
Three weeks on from the start of a Saudi - led coalition air campaign against Houthi rebels in Yemen , the campaign is still going on .
The failure to reach a global agreement on climate change has left the world once again in the grip of a crisis .
The UK unemployment rate held steady at 7.8 % in the three months to June , according to the Office for National Statistics .
A court in Iran has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling , as part of a crackdown on " immoral " images posted on social media .
Mae Team Sky wedi dau gymal y Tour de France ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy , a diolchodd i'w gefnogwyr am eu dymuniadau da .
Tributes have been paid to five British people who died after a whale - watching boat capsized off the coast of British Columbia .
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex .
Former MP David Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket .
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson as their first - team player for the 2016 season .
Joyce Banda is Malawi 's first female president - but she is not the only one .
Pope Francis has granted conditional freedom to a priest who was jailed for leaking confidential documents from the Vatican 's Vatileaks scandal .
Residents of one of San Francisco 's most exclusive neighbourhoods say they have been left " shocked " after their private street was sold by the city at auction .
Leicester hooker Luke Youngs says he is determined to win back his place in the England side after undergoing back surgery .
A company that planned to drill a deep borehole in County Fermanagh to test for gas has been blocked by the government .
An 83-year - old man is to stand trial accused of causing the death of a teenager who was hit and killed by his car at a petrol station .
Salford Red Devils have released prop Chris Bailey , forward Jamie Cox and prop Brett Dodds after their contracts expired at the end of the season .
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham 25 years ago have said they believe he was killed by a digger .
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south London has appealed for witnesses to come forward .
A cannabis - derived treatment for children with severe epilepsy is being trialled in the UK .
Ofsted inspectors have raised concerns about " inappropriate " books , a lack of exposure to other religions and " mutual respect " for women at some private faith schools .
The family of a triathlete whose body was found in a lake after he went missing while competing in a charity event have raised more than £ 12,000 for his hospital fund .
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank in a pet shop while the owner was at work .
Russian fans of Western pop culture are very active on Twitter , and the top trending hashtags on the micro - blogging site are dominated by references to the band One Direction .
The death of Charlotte Bevan , who took her own life after the birth of her daughter , highlights the need for better support for pregnant and postnatal women with mental health problems .
Hull FC have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a one - year deal .
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock says the club need to add more players to their squad if they are to challenge for promotion .
Voters in Nigeria are going to the polls to elect governors and state legislators in the country 's most important elections in years .
Malala Yousafzai , the girl who was shot in the head by the Taliban , is back in the UK .
Flooding has continued to cause severe disruption across parts of England and Wales after heavy rain caused travel chaos on Wednesday .
The Labour Party has won a council by - election in Ayrshire .
Corey Whitely 's second - half strike gave Dagenham and Redbridge their first win of the season at Eastleigh .
The Holocaust drama Suite Francaise , based on the 1940 novel by Irene Nemirovsky , is being released in the UK on Friday .
Nigeria 's former governor of Delta state , James Ibori , has pleaded guilty to four counts of money - laundering in the UK .
Former England and Norwich City footballer Jamie McKenzie has signed a deal to fight in the UK for the first time .
Education Secretary Michael Gove has been accused by the Liberal Democrats and Conservatives over funding for free schools in England in a row over school places .
The UK Border Agency ( UKBA ) must do more to deal with 150,000 migrants who have been refused permission to stay in the UK , the immigration inspector has said .
This year has been a historic year for the US - Cuba relationship .
Bristol 's main railway station has been temporarily closed to the disabled while work to improve access is carried out .
Sussex batsman Matt Machan hit an unbeaten 171 as Worcestershire struggled on day two at Hove .
Twelve historic closes in Edinburgh 's Old Town are to be restored as part of a £ 1.5 m project .
The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it must provide documents in a case brought by a former loyalist leader .
Germany has introduced border controls on its southern border with Austria in an attempt to control the influx of migrants , amid a row over how to deal with the migrant crisis .
People in Gloucester have been asked to help decide what to do with Gloucester Prison .
Residents in south Wales have been asked to patrol the mountains to try to stop grass fires being started by arsonists .
Plans to turn a Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) depot in Shropshire into a multi - million pound development could create up to 1,000 jobs , a council has said .
The British Geological Survey ( BGS ) has said a large sinkhole that opened in a residential street was caused by water penetrating the ground .
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes abortion clinic in Belfast .
French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have called on the European Union to " listen to the people " after Eurosceptic gains across Europe .
US researchers have successfully implanted a tiny medical device into a rabbit .
The family of six - month - old Kayden , who died last April , have been speaking to the BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire programme for the first time since his death .
Scotland ran in six tries to thrash Georgia in their opening Six Nations match at Murrayfield .
Voters across Wales will go to the polls on Thursday to choose their preferred local authority to run for election .
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters in the north London borough were unable to cast their ballots in the general election because of electoral registration problems .
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been " first class " for the club this season , according to captain Danny Richards .
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) say they are treating an obese woman who was discharged from an Indian hospital after weight loss surgery .
After a series of shark attacks in the Red Sea off the coast of Sharm el - Sheikh , Egypt , in recent weeks , experts are trying to piece together what happened .
Police investigating the murder of a dissident republican in the Republic of Ireland are searching for a car used by the killers .
A cross - party commission has been set up to examine alternatives to the council tax in Scotland .
The head of the Welsh Government 's bovine TB eradication programme has said she has never been more concerned about the disease .
Shale gas drilling has been suspended in Lancashire after a small earthquake was felt by at least one person .
UK detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work in the country , police have said .
A police unit which failed to investigate a father who murdered his children after he was wrongly accused of rape was " dysfunctional " , a report has found .
A community shares scheme to raise money for the restoration of a Grade II - listed pier which was destroyed by fire is to be launched .
National League side Aldershot Town have signed goalkeeper Callum McGinty on a two - year deal after he turned down a new deal with Cambridge United .
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than 30 years , according to a new survey .
Firefighters have been tackling a large blaze at a house in Suffolk .
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Burundi is one of Africa 's poorest countries and one of the continent 's most unstable .
A woman who was sexually abused as a child at a care home in Calderdale has led a protest calling for more to be done to help victims .
Doctors have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a north Wales hospital .
The US Treasury Department has urged the European Commission to drop its investigation into Apple over alleged tax avoidance .
Eilish McColgan says she is " slowly turning into The Terminator " as she bids to secure a place at the Rio Olympics .
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager who was beaten to death more than 40 years ago is to be shown on BBC Crimewatch .
Brexit will have a negative impact on Scottish businesses in the short and medium term , according to the Fraser of Allander Institute .
Waiting times for mental health treatment in Wales are to be cut in a bid to improve access , the Welsh government has announced .
Six swans have been killed and five injured after being hit by a car in County Tyrone .
Britain 's traditional qualities of " fair play , civility and a sense of humour in adversity " remain " as precious as they 've always been " , the Prince of Wales has told cadets passing out at Sandhurst .
Ken Owens is used to being referred to as the " super sub " .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists his side have " nothing to fear " ahead of their Champions League qualifier against Ajax on Wednesday .
Tommy Rowe scored the only goal of the game as Doncaster beat Colchester at the Keepmoat Stadium .
You might think that the sight of oak bunches of leaves being applied to the back of your neck and shoulders would send you into a cold sweat .
Denny Solomona 's first - half hat - trick helped Sale come from behind to beat Wasps and move up to second in the Premiership .
Women 's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies have extended the contract of Ivory Coast international midfielder Carli Lloyd by a further year .
Scientists believe they have found the genetic clue to how early humans evolved larger brains .
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington , who served as home secretary in the 1980s and 1990s , has died aged 83 .
Young people who leave care in England are struggling to cope with the transition to adulthood , say MPs .
National League side Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Davis on a two - year deal .
Police have released an e - fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with an attack on a five - year - old girl by a dog .
Britain 's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best boxer in the world .
Commodities trader Noble Group has said it expects to report a loss of $ 1.5bn ( £ 1.1bn ) for the three months to the end of March because of lower commodity prices .
Shrewsbury Town fought back from 2 - 0 down to beat Blackpool 3 - 2 in League One .
French voters are going to the polls on Sunday to choose their next president .
Thousands of people from around the world will be taking part in the Great North Run this weekend .
McDonald 's has warned that it could run out of fries in Japan by the end of the year .
Netherlands ' Marco Noppert will face England 's Scott Waites in the semi - finals of the BDO World Championship in Sheffield on Friday .
Bracknell Forest Hospital , home to the UK 's most notorious killers , is to allow patients to give their views on the care they receive .
Shares in health care companies rose after the US Supreme Court ruled in favour of the Obama administration 's healthcare reform bill .
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a motion calling for parking fines to be reduced from £ 90 to £ 45 .
The number of people living in poverty in the US fell to its lowest level in five years in 2011 , according to the US Census Bureau .
Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season .
A pair of Queen Victoria 's silk pants dating back to the last 10 years of her life are to be sold at auction .
A two - year - old girl who went missing in Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well .
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Mike Jones on a two - year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic .
England 's women lost the second Test against Australia by an innings and 63 runs in Melbourne to lose the Ashes series 2 - 1 .
England full - back James Hall has urged his team - mates to focus on the positives after their World Cup semi - final defeat by Australia .
The number of skier days taken by Scotland 's outdoor snowsports industry in the 2015 - 16 season has been lower than in previous years .
An exhibition of portraits of some of the UK 's most famous faces by more than 30 artists has opened in Hull .
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the illegal trade in tiger skins from captive tigers , according to officials at a meeting on illegal wildlife trade .
The organisers of this year 's E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a podium girl being squeezed .
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1 and is still in love with motorsport , despite not being able to drive for nearly two years .
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has risen sharply in the first three months of the year , according to new figures .
Portsmouth chief executive Michael Eisner is set to become the club 's new chairman .
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is close to scoring for the first time this season , says manager Claudio Ranieri .
The owner of Alton Towers is to be prosecuted over a rollercoaster crash which left five people injured .
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde is expected to name Steven Caulker in his starting line - up for Saturday 's Premier League game at West Ham .
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox as a man has been convicted of her murder .
Dogs could be banned from public spaces in Wrexham under plans being considered by the council .
The Republic of Ireland 's justice minister , Robert Shatter , has been at the centre of a series of high - profile controversies since he took office in 2011 .
Warwickshire reached the One - Day Cup semi - finals for the first time in four years as James Trott 's century helped them beat Essex by eight wickets .
A man has been found dead in a drain in Lincolnshire .
A teenage taekwondo fighter from Bristol has been selected to represent Great Britain at the Austrian Open .
A Japanese pensioner dubbed a " black widow " after she was accused of murdering her husband and four other lovers with cyanide has told a court she is innocent .
Scotland are " lucky " to have two " inspirational " midfielders in Scott Brown and Darren Fletcher for Wednesday 's friendly against Northern Ireland , according to former Scotland midfielder Danny Wilson .
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning , saying there are " credible threats " to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya .
Celta Vigo have signed Fulham midfielder Jordi Alba on a season - long loan deal .
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool to help fund the city 's green and open spaces are being considered .
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Chittagong as they took control on day two .
Grimsby ended a run of three straight defeats as they beat 10-man Mansfield at Blundell Park , who had manager Shaun Evans sent off in the second half .
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Ben Dunkley for an undisclosed fee .
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a supermarket in Skegness .
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says there is " overwhelming " support for a 48-team World Cup , but more discussions are needed .
A British boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend .
A police training centre has been paid for by money paid into a Proceeds of Crime Act fund .
Bill Bailey has spoken of the " shame " his Limboland tour bus was stolen from outside the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool .
Kilmarnock goalkeeper Scott Samson has left the club by mutual consent .
The new Chancellor of the Exchequer has said he is willing to " reset " the government 's fiscal policy if necessary in the light of economic data .
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season .
There is a " pattern of behaviour " in the police service in England and Wales where officers who make complaints about racism and discrimination are treated unfairly , the National Police Chiefs ' Association says .
The Badger Trust is taking legal action against the government over plans to cull badgers in England .
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he is " working hard " to make the club financially viable for next season .
The Dáil ( Irish parliament ) has voted in favour of a motion of no confidence in Health Minister Simon Frazer over his decision to allow a republican rally in Dublin on Saturday .
Liam Moriarty 's first week with the British and Irish Lions has been a mixed bag .
Jon Stead scored a late winner to give Notts County their first win of the League Two season as they beat Hartlepool .
A 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in the street .
A family in the US state of Alaska were told their son had been killed in a hit - and - run crash in the early hours of the morning , only to find out it was a false alarm .
David Lammy has said there are " lots of names in the fray " in the race to replace Ed Miliband as Labour leader and deputy leader .
A fire at a dockyard in Cardiff which had been burning for more than two weeks has been reignited .
United Airlines has offered millions of flight miles to hackers who report security holes in its websites .
A man convicted of raping and murdering an Irish woman in Melbourne , Australia , has been found guilty of three more rapes .
A third whale has washed up on a beach in Suffolk after two others died off the coast .
Rory McIlroy says he is " totally fine " to play at the US Open despite missing the first two weeks of the season with injury .
Air pollution levels at Heathrow could rise if there is a third runway at the airport , but will fall if it is expanded , according to new research .
Children under three years old who play with touchscreens are less likely to sleep well , a study suggests .
Leicester Lions will return to the Elite League in the new season with the help of new owner Steve Bates .
Rescuers in Bangladesh are using bare hands to try to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of the collapsed Rana Plaza garment factory in the capital Dhaka .
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi mynnu na fyddan nhw'n gwarantu mwy na hanner y gostio £ 425 m am cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn
US President Donald Trump 's daughter Ivanka has become the first adult child of a US president to work in the White House .
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says he will " treasure this period " of his time at the club " forever " after he was sacked .
Antarctic glacier Totten could reverse course and retreat far inland as a result of climate change , scientists say .
Have you ever talked to your dog and wondered if they understood you ?
A man has been seriously injured in a " completely unprovoked " assault in a Glasgow pub .
The number of people in work in the UK fell by 39,000 in August to 1.3 million , official figures have shown .
Violence at a prison in Gloucestershire where two inmates died from self - harm last year has " remained concerning " , inspectors have said .
Some hospitals in Scotland are spending more than three times as much as other health boards on meals and snacks for their patients .
One person has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto , police say .
HBO has cancelled its hit drama Vinyl , a musical drama starring Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese , after one season .
Jaguar Land Rover 's Defender sports utility vehicle ( SUV ) has been one of the company 's best - loved and most successful models for more than 30 years .
Ex - American football star Johnny Manziel is expected to be charged with assaulting his ex - girlfriend , who says he punched her in the face in Texas .
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season to put Kent in a strong position against Derbyshire at Canterbury .
Scottish Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has defended Kezia Dugdale after she was jeered during a party debate in Edinburgh .
The parents of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have travelled to the country to see where her aid work is being supported .
Heineken has been told to submit plans to buy the Punch Taverns chain of pubs for £ 1.2bn or face an in - depth competition investigation .
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of their summer transfer window by bringing in France Under-20 international midfielder Ousmane Dembele from Lyon .
YouTube has defended itself against claims that it does not pay musicians enough for music streamed on its site .
A council has backed down over plans to close a public swimming pool in a bid to save money .
Saudi Arabia 's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has agreed to buy a 10 % stake in Twitter for $ 3.2bn ( Â£2.4bn ) in a deal worth about £ 1.8bn .
A 21-year - old motorcyclist who died in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police .
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis has been described as " groundbreaking " by doctors .
One of China 's richest men , Zhou Chengjian , the chairman of clothing firm Metersbonwe , has been missing for several days .
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a car park in Essex have been released on bail .
Dundee striker Ryan O'Dea says it would be " virtually impossible " to replace Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings if they were to leave the club .
The body of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been laid to rest in the city 's Etobicoke Cemetery .
Tony Andreu missed a late penalty as Dundee United and Raith Rovers shared a goalless draw at Stark 's Park .
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed five times in a street attack .
Police in the western Indian state of Gujarat are searching for five Dalit ( formerly untouchable ) men who have taken their own lives .
Israel 's navy has boarded a boat carrying activists trying to break the blockade of the Gaza Strip , the military says .
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a farmer who later killed himself has said he feels " shut down all the way " .
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs are killing up to 1.2 million people a year in parts of the world where malaria is prevalent , say researchers .
A Brief History of Seven Killings by Marlon James and The Back of the Turtle by Thomas King are among the titles nominated for an international literary award .
Sinn Féin has said it will be " very , very hostile " to any suggestion that the British government should suspend Northern Ireland 's institutions .
What does it take to live in a space capsule ?
The debate about the future of the BBC in Scotland has been dominated by the issue of the licence fee .
Pernod Ricard , the world 's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky , has reported a " challenging " start to the year in the Chinese market .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife , who was found dead after a car crash in Somerset .
Newly - acquired manuscripts of two Dylan Thomas poems have been bought by a university in Swansea .
Prince Harry has been seen performing the Haka dance in New Zealand .
What should government do when things go well ?
Mae'r Hapus yn ôl i gyd !
The US embassy in Yemen has been evacuated and the US consulate in the country 's capital , Sanaa , has been closed , amid fears of an al - Qaeda attack .
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned from the club 's board following the takeover by Massimo Cellino 's GFH group .
Sergio Aguero 's late tackle on David Luiz sent Chelsea into the top four of the Premier League as they thrashed 10-man Manchester City .
Paralympic gold medallist Gareth Davies has set an unofficial world record in the shot put at the Phoenix Open in the United States .
West Ham 's return to Upton Park ended in defeat as they were beaten 3 - 2 by Juventus in their first game at their new home in London .
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for failing to show " proper respect for women " .
Spotlight has been named best film at the Independent Spirit Awards , which honour the year 's best in film .
More than 30 puppies have been seized in a " shocking " operation to smuggle dogs into Wales from the Republic of Ireland .
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board over the pace of change at the bank .
( Close ) : Shares in savings and loans group Santander fell more than 7 % after it reported a 15 % fall in annual profits .
Championship side Charlton Athletic have re - signed Chelsea defender Antonio Dasilva on a season - long loan .
A fox cub has been rescued from the engine bay of a locked car in Edinburgh .
The Lord Advocate for Scotland , Michael Matheson , has said it is " better if all parties refrain from making comment while the investigation is taking place " into the death of Mohamed Bayoh .
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will " wipe out " 82 % of the workforce in the next five years if they do not do their jobs or face jail .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by St Johnstone .
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel Obi has been cleared of racially abusing referee Mark Clattenburg by the Football Association .
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to play Stuart in a new TV adaptation of Shakespeare 's Macbeth .
Former Irish Prime Minister and taoiseach ( prime minister ) Albert Reynolds has died aged 83 .
Paris St - Germain have completed the signing of defender Marquinhos from Roma for a fee of £ 25 m .
Italy 's lower house of parliament has approved a law to overhaul the country 's electoral system .
A 15-year - old boy has been rescued from a cave in West Yorkshire after falling 20 ft ( 6 m ) down a sheer drop .
Three British tourists who were among those rescued from the Nepal earthquake have arrived back in the UK .
The mother of a newborn baby whose remains were found in a plastic bag in West Yorkshire 12 months ago is being sought by police .
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the " barbaric " rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro that was filmed and posted online .
Work to repair a church spire damaged by woodpeckers has begun after a lottery grant .
One of the world 's rarest opals has gone on public display for the first time in more than 70 years .
It looks pretty likely that the House of Commons will vote on the Brexit Bill on Tuesday - but it 's not clear when .
Sydney Airport has sacked a senior officer who ordered a security check on Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop , who was later found to be fit to fly .
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns in a bushfire has become the first woman to complete an Ironman triathlon .
Leicester City 's decision to sack Claudio Ranieri after just nine months in charge of the Premier League champions has been described as " unbelievable , unforgivable and gut - wrenchingly sad " .
Arsenal ended their winless start to the Premier League season with victory over Watford at Vicarage Road .
A light aircraft has crashed in Stoke - on - Trent .
The Brownie and Guide oath has been changed to remove the reference to God after a consultation .
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon after a " large fight " in south London .
Sheffield United moved out of the League One relegation zone with a comfortable win over Chesterfield .
A man with terminal bowel cancer has reached the summit of Mount Everest for charity .
Online grocer Ocado has reported a profit for the first time in its history , helped by strong sales at its Morrisons deal .
A three - year - old boy has died after becoming stuck between a revolving floor and a wall in a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta , police say .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho accused West Ham manager Sam Allardyce of playing " football from the 19th Century " after his side 's 1 - 0 win at Stamford Bridge .
It is 600 years since Henry V walked from Shrewsbury to Holywell in Shropshire to visit the shrine of St Winefride , a Welsh saint whose cult united England and Wales .
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge against the University of Oxford 's controversial tower blocks in Oxford .
Edinburgh City booked their place in the Scottish League Cup third round with a 4 - 2 aggregate win over Cove Rangers .
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is " trying to find a compromise " to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland is able to remain part of the EU single market .
It 's that time of year again - Glastonbury Festival is upon us , with tens of thousands of revellers heading to Worthy Farm in the early hours of Friday morning .
Twelve people had to be rescued after a fire broke out at a hotel in Cardiff .
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood was born and raised in the Rhondda Cynon Taff and grew up in Wrexham .
A road in County Durham has been closed after a bridge was damaged by a lorry .
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City can " still turn it around " despite being booed off the pitch in their latest Champions League defeat .
Britain 's Shauna Coxsey missed out on a second successive bouldering world title as she finished second in the second event of the season .
The oil and gas industry has welcomed the opening of a new centre in Aberdeen aimed at developing new technology for the North Sea .
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Rhondda Cynon Taff .
A computer fault at Edinburgh Airport has caused " massive disruption " for thousands of passengers .
The long - time voice of Kermit the Frog has left the Muppets .
Chinese tech giant Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google 's Tango augmented reality technology and a modular handset .
The government is to appoint a case worker to help people affected by flooding in York to apply for government funding .
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) has said a UK exit from the European Union ( EU ) would be " slowly , complicated and costly " .
A third of secondary schools in England have had library cuts of 40 % or more since 2010 , according to a teachers ' union .
Richie Ramsay says he has " a lot more in the tank " than he gave himself credit for at Castle Stuart , where he missed out on a first European Tour title .
Nottinghamshire has voted to leave the European Union , with more than 60 % of voters in the East Midlands backing Brexit .
A UKIP MEP has said he will not vote for any of the party 's candidates in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as leader , including anti - Islam campaigner Diane Waters .
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency 's ( NSA ) bulk collection of US phone records is unlawful .
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the outbreak of Ebola in the West African country last month .
Thousands of people from the Chagos Islands have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling for their right to return home .
The former head of the British Army in Afghanistan has warned against falling into the trap of " playing the Taliban 's game " after recent attacks .
A man has died and two people have been injured after a car crashed into a row of gardens .
Permian , Khalidi and Cracksman have been added to the field for the Derby at Epsom for the first time .
Uefa has approved a new penalty shootout system for the EFL play - offs and Carabao Cup .
Bournemouth have been fined £ 20,000 by the Football Association for breaching rules on player testing .
Zac Efron , Bradley Cooper and Channing Tatum were just some of the stars who took part in this year 's MTV Movie Awards .
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African scrum - half Alex Kebble .
Katarina Johnson - Thompson missed out on the long jump title at the European Indoor Championships as she finished third in her first major international event .
An Australian golfer is recovering in hospital after being bitten by a crocodile while playing at a golf course .
A fly - tipper has been fined Â£1,000 after he dumped 40 tonnes of rubbish at the side of a road .
David Cameron 's plan to give the nations of the UK greater control over their own tax and spending may be exciting and empowering , but it may also be dangerous .
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a one - year deal with the Championship club .
Urgent care units at three hospitals have been closed overnight for a further three months to allow staff to focus on day - time services .
The war in Syria has left the country 's antiquities in ruins .
Donald Trump 's first day in Brussels was a day of firsts .
The Northern Ireland - based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in profits for 2012 .
The NHS is " not clinically assured " of the safety of an out - of - hours care service , a leaked report has found .
It was the latest in a long line of road markings that have gone wrong in the UK - this time a set of double yellow lines in Leeds .
Five British men arrested in India have been released on bail after spending 169 days in jail .
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter has left the Premiership club to take up a teaching position in Shropshire .
The US has urged China and Vietnam to " de - escalate " tensions in the South China Sea after a stand - off over a Chinese oil rig in disputed waters .
Survivors of the Aberfan disaster have spoken publicly for the first time at a conference in Cardiff .
When BBC One drama Doctor Foster first aired in 2012 , actress Gemma Jones says she was " shocked " by the " gravitas " of the relationship between her character and her ex - husband Simon .
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre .
Octopuses display a range of aggressive and defensive behaviour that may indicate social behaviour , a study suggests .
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK , according to a new report .
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in a rain - affected Twenty20 international in Johannesburg to take a 2 - 1 lead in the three - match series .
A boxer who was barred from competing for Team Wales because she had competed in professional kickboxing in the past has become a professional .
A Dumfries and Galloway food firm is to invest £ 3.5 m to expand and improve its factory in a bid to boost its business .
It was the Northern Ireland Secretary David Davis who said last week that he wanted a " seamless approach " to the Irish border after Brexit .
Bradford City moved into the League One play - off places with a hard - fought win over Swindon .
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney 's testimonial match against Manchester City will be streamed live on Facebook .
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a draw at home by AC Milan .
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side must change their " losing mentality " after losing to Arsenal in the FA Cup final .
The UN tribunal looking into the killing of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in 2005 has opened its first hearing in The Hague , with a Lebanese journalist and her TV station on trial .
The cause of a sinkhole that opened up in the middle of a road and left a lorry stranded on the side of the road is being investigated .
A consultation is under way on whether maternity services at a north Wales hospital should be cut or retained .
Two young people have become the first members of a new religious order in Monmouthshire .
The RSPCA is to review the way dogs seized under the Dangerous Dogs Act are cared for in kennels in Teignbridge .
A man has been given a 12-month driving ban after a car ploughed into a row of houses in West Sussex .
An Australian research ship that ran aground on rocks in the Antarctic has been refloated and is being moved to a remote research station .
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to find a job for his 80-year - old father , who is struggling to find work .
A US judge in California has ordered police to use a suspect 's fingerprint to unlock an iPhone , in a case that has sparked a debate over whether suspects can be forced to decrypt their phones .
It 's been a year since the first series of Benefits Street was broadcast .
Eoin Morgan hit his second century of the series as England chased 300 to beat Australia by 10 runs and level the one - day international series at 1 - 1 .
Cole Stockton 's second - half goal gave Tranmere victory over Dover at Prenton Park .
Nigerians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president , with Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan seeking re - election .
A Cardiff man says he is worried for his pets after discovering a colony of Tube spiders living in his garden .
A hospital has apologised after a surgical bung fell out of a patient 's head during a routine operation .
Defender Gary Cahill says England 's 1 - 0 friendly defeat by Spain in Spain " flattered " the hosts .
An East Lothian knitwear firm has seen a " surge " in sales in Europe after being bought by a new owner .
More than £ 330,000 has been raised for a disabled man who was robbed at knifepoint after a crowdfunding campaign set up by a young woman .
Michelle Terry is to become the new artistic director of Shakespeare 's Globe , the theatre has announced .
Sebastian Vettel beat Red Bull team - mate Mark Webber to win the Malaysian Grand Prix in an intense team orders battle .
A self - driving police robot in the US city of San Francisco has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car .
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a father - of - two who was beaten to death and buried in an outhouse .
Ricky Miller scored a hat - trick as Dover Athletic came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers in the National League .
A man has been stabbed to death in north London .
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for suggesting gun rights supporters could stop his opponent , Hillary Clinton , from taking power .
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is to be the headline act at this year 's T in the Park festival in Aberdeen .
The mother of a 22-year - old man found dead in Dublin has appeared in court charged with murder .
Manchester City Women will face Arsenal Ladies in the semi - finals of the Women 's Super League Cup .
Paralympic archery gold medallist Helen Brown says she will not change her bow to qualify for the 2016 Rio Games .
Labour will commit to renationalising the railways if it wins the general election , leader Jeremy Corbyn has said .
Former Conservative Party chairman Lord Ashcroft has launched his book about David Cameron 's Oxford University days at the launch of it in London .
An artificial intelligence program that can make investment decisions on behalf of a company is being developed by an investment firm .
A boy with a rare condition has been left " angry and angry " after his iPad was stolen during a burglary .
Jamaica is to build a new jail in the UK to house up to 1,500 prisoners who will be sent home to serve their sentences .
Rory McIlroy missed the cut for the fourth year in a row at the Tour Championship as Lee Westwood took a one - shot lead into the final round .
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) of " dragging recklessly " Northern Ireland 's political process towards an " unprecedented tipping point " over the RHI scandal .
Dundee manager Grant McCann has admitted he has been " chasing his tails " in the transfer market this summer as the club does not have a recruitment system .
EastEnders fans will be celebrating the 30th anniversary of the death of Lucy Beale with a big party this weekend .
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from active duty after they were filmed carrying British flags at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax .
A Belfast - based rocket propulsion firm has gone out of business just months after it was officially opened .
A man who was one of the main suspects in the murder of an ex - IRA man in Belfast three months ago has been shot dead in a " professional , execution - style killing " .
Elvis Presley 's former road manager Joe Esposito has died at the age of 83 .
More than a third of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to pay their bills or buy food , according to a survey .
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her sex .
Las Vegas may be known as one of the most desirable places in the world to visit for tourists , with its glittering Las Vegas strip and glittering casinos .
Kiss of the Spider Woman director Ruben Babenco , whose 1987 Oscar - nominated film was nominated for best picture at the Oscars , has died at the age of 83 .
Michael Farmer extended his lead at the top of the British Supersport Championship after winning the opening race of the round at Knockhill .
Mali 's government has asked parliament to provide military support to protect one of the world 's rarest elephants from poaching in northern Mali .
The number of women dying from lung cancer in Scotland has more than doubled in the past 40 years , according to new figures .
Small businesses could be our Achilles heel when it comes to cyber - security .
Plans to build a new M4 motorway through one of Wales ' most important conservation areas have been rejected by a public inquiry .
The use of tablet computers in schools in England is growing rapidly , with more than two - thirds of schools now using them , according to a study .
Cigarette packets with an estimated street value of £ 20,000 have been found in a car boot in Dorset .
A murder investigation has been launched after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield .
Steven Gerrard 's farewell speech at Liverpool 's training ground on Monday night was , in the words of one of his former team - mates , " a bit of a mess " .
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) has launched the first node in what it hopes will be a global network of Earth observation satellites .
Oscars 2017 : All the best pictures from the red carpet .
Britain 's John Jung won Olympic gold in the eventing eventing dressage for the first time since the death of France 's Christian Fischertakinou .
Sri Lanka 's army says it is losing hope of finding any more survivors of a landslide and mudslide that has killed at least 20 people .
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick - up truck ploughed into a crowd at a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans .
Championship side Sheffield United have re - signed Fulham midfielder Richard Dunne on a season - long loan deal .
Spanish police have arrested 11 members of the so - called Pink Panther gang , who have carried out a series of high - profile robberies , including one of the world 's biggest jewellery heists .
Thames Water could make a profit of up to 14 % a year if it builds the Thames Tunnel , according to a leading academic .
2016 was a year of great loss for Northern Ireland 's music industry .
Yemen 's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country 's president , a week after he was kidnapped by them .
Francois Fillon , France 's centre - right presidential candidate , has won back the support of his party and his most loyal supporters with a rally in Paris .
We welcome your comments , stories and feedback on our output .
North Korea has carried out a military drill near its border with South Korea in which artillery shells were fired " like lightning " , state media say .
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired in separate incidents .
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after making anti - Semitic comments on Twitter .
Up to 200,000 children in England and Wales could face poverty as a result of changes to benefits , say researchers .
The Scottish government has made 90.4 % of payments due to farmers and crofters by the deadline , the agriculture minister has said .
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright is to return to the county in a coaching role .
The Met Police can not afford to have officers " fear the consequences of shooting someone " because they fear being shot , the force 's outgoing commissioner has said .
Manchester United 's hopes of reaching the Champions League were dealt a huge blow as they were beaten by West Ham at Upton Park .
A 17-year - old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a teenager was taken to hospital with suspected ecstasy tablets .
The Welsh government 's tuition fee grant should be scrapped to allow Welsh universities to compete in the UK , a leading academic has said .
Belfast - based Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold for Â£1.5 m in a deal that will see it create up to 100 new jobs .
Manchester City goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of England 's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia because of injury .
A man has been jailed for eight months for using the death of a child with cancer for financial gain .
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Huddersfield Town striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season .
For a man who grew up on a potato farm in Herefordshire , David Chase has a knack of telling stories .
Hospitals in England and Wales are struggling to cope with rising demand at accident and emergency departments , doctors say .
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months ' time unless two new roads linking up to the M1 motorway are built , a senior official has said .
A woman who falsely claimed she was gang - raped and sexually assaulted by 10 men has been jailed for five years .
A British man who was on the train that was attacked by a gunman in Arras , France , on Friday has spoken of his horror at the treatment of the passengers on board .
Eve Muirhead and Glen Brewster 's rink have booked their place at next month 's European Curling Championships at Braehead in Scotland .
The first minister has backed calls for the German government to compensate victims of the Thalidomide scandal .
Rescuers are searching for survivors and bodies after a boat carrying more than 1,000 migrants capsized in the Mediterranean Sea .
Bath have signed England second - row Geoff Parling from Leicester Tigers , while Olly Woodburn has signed a two - year deal with the club .
A 19-year - old man has been injured after being struck by a firework in north Belfast .
Singapore has banned the use of app - based taxi booking services such as Uber and GrabTaxi in the city - state .
It 's been a nightmare start to the season .
League One side Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) after one of their players was bitten on the face in a brawl during their Challenge Cup win over Fryston .
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal action against the Scottish Premiership club over its former merchandise deal .
A company has been fined £ 100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telehandler in Gloucester .
Louis van Gaal 's first season as Manchester United manager has taught him that there are no easy games in the Premier League .
Flooding caused by heavy rain in Norfolk has been tackled by firefighters .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested that the US may not be able to defend its Nato allies in the event of an attack .
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged in the US in connection with the Libor interest rate rigging scandal .
Donald Trump 's campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , has been charged with assaulting a reporter during a rally in Florida .
I think I 've only ever had one or two hugs from Ivan Lendl in my life , so it was a bit of a shock to see him back at Queen 's Club .
A fire broke out at a secondary school as pupils were collecting their GCSE results .
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full - back Robbie Henshaw will miss the rest of the New Zealand tour because of injuries .
Final Frontier Design , a New York - based start - up that designs and manufactures space suits for commercial space tourism , is hoping to be the company to lead the way .
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive .
A 20-year - old woman from Dorset who went missing in Thailand has contacted her family to say she wants to come home .
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast 's Royal Victoria Hospital .
Abertay University in Dundee has been ranked third in the world for its degree courses in computer games design by a US magazine .
Relatives of two World War One soldiers whose remains were found in Belgium more than 100 years ago have been reunited with their loved ones .
Transformers : The Force Awakens has topped the US box office over the Fourth of July weekend , despite a lack of major new releases .
Great Britain 's men were held to a 1 - 1 draw by Australia in their opening match at the Champions Trophy .
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard .
The bodies of two British climbers have been found on the Matterhorn in Switzerland , police say .
A diver has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty while working in the sea off the west Highlands .
Mothers who give up work to care for their children can get an extra £ 4,600 in state pension credits if they do not need them , a pensions expert has said .
Charlton Athletic manager Guy Luzon says he will not be distracted by his side 's poor start to the Championship season as he prepares for Saturday 's visit of West Ham .
A loggerhead turtle found washed up on a beach in Cumbria has died after being taken to an aquarium .
Hackers claim to have stolen a Game of Thrones script and episodes of Ballers and Room 104 from HBO and posted them online .
African art has become a major source of income for some of the world 's richest and most powerful people .
An eight - year - old boy who ran a triathlon without his walking frame has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards .
The Pantheon mausoleum in Paris has been officially inducted into the history of the French Resistance .
A woman has pleaded guilty to kidnapping her four - month - old son in Shropshire .
Cash machines across the UK are due to meet next week to try to resolve a dispute over fees .
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of " several hundred thousand pounds " to repair a flood defence wall which collapsed on their house .
Tributes have been paid to Australia batsman Phil Hughes , who has died at the age of 25 after being hit by a ball while playing for Sydney Thunder .
Bay TV , an independent TV station in Greater Manchester , has gone into administration .
First - time mother and The One Show presenter Jade Jones hopes to pass on her Welsh heritage to her baby son when she returns to Cardiff next week .
Parents and students in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been caught on camera trying to help their children cheat in school examinations .
Iranians have reacted with anger and anger at the revelation that some of their most senior officials are being paid huge salaries .
The US justice department has said it will no longer allow police to use mobile phone tracking equipment without a search warrant .
Lala Njava is one of Madagascar 's best - known musicians .
" Rodrigo was nurturing the dream of being a professional footballer . "
Thousands of EU nationals living in London should be eligible for special visas to ensure they can stay after Brexit , according to a report by the London Chamber of Commerce .
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored their first goals for Ukraine as they beat Slovenia to take a 2 - 0 lead into the second leg of their Euro 2012 play - off .
At least 42 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , officials say .
Scientists say they have made a " significant breakthrough " in the fight against breast cancer by discovering that tumours in the bone can stop the disease spreading .
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League play - offs for a place in next week 's final after reaching the semi - finals .
Police officers in England and Wales are being given new guidance on how to identify and prosecute domestic abuse .
Chipotle Mexican Grill has been linked to an outbreak of E. coli in four US states , US health officials have said .
A conman who defrauded his victims out of more than £ 33,000 has paid back £ 10,000 and avoided a jail term .
Thousands of people have gathered in the Latvian capital , Riga , for an annual memorial service .
The US is to send special forces to Iraq to assist local forces fighting Islamic State militants , Defence Secretary Ash Carter has announced .
The Trump administration is set to revive a deal to sell US military aircraft to Nigeria , a year after it was halted , US media report .
Police investigating the death of a 23-year - old man in Larkhall have said they believe the answer to his death lies within the local community .
Police searching for a missing woman from Inverclyde have said a specialist search team is combing the garden of her last known address .
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder .
A British start - up has developed a 3D - scanning system that it hopes will allow amputees to be fitted with a custom - fitted socket and hand for free .
The UK 's inflation rate turned positive for the first time in more than 50 years in May , official figures have shown .
Football 's world governing body Fifa has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December .
Plans to build holiday lodges for glamping at Warwick Castle have been rejected by the council .
A Stirlingshire man who was caught with a kilo of herbal cannabis worth more than Â£20,000 has been jailed for six months .
The RSPB has said it is " extremely concerned " about the number of little terns nesting in Norfolk .
Students at Queen 's University in Belfast have begun a sit - in protest against the university 's investments in fossil fuels .
A statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird is to be raised to make it harder for revellers to hang sex toys from it .
Singer Shirley Mitchell is making " remarkable progress " in her recovery from a brain aneurysm , according to her former partner Phil Collins .
Three convicted rapists have absconded from a minimum - security prison .
Two 15-year - old girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in Wisconsin in a bid to please Slender Man have pleaded not guilty in court .
Sheffield United have released midfielder Luke Baxter after he failed a drugs test .
Dylan Hartley will not be prevented from becoming England captain despite serving a two - match ban for his red card at the World Cup , says Ian Ritchie .
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin 's endorsement of Donald Trump as a Republican presidential candidate could be a significant boost for the businessman and reality TV star .
Nuclear safety concerns at the UK 's largest naval dockyard could take several more years to be resolved , regulators have said .
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by more than 20 % from next year .
A chaotic , pixelated image of two buildings falling into each other in a chaotic pile of rubble looks like something out of a novel .
A convicted fraudster who escaped from prison by posing as a senior court clerk has admitted escaping from custody .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he " never called for a veto " over any Brexit deal negotiated by the UK government .
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to meet junior doctors ' leaders this week in a bid to try to resolve a dispute over new contracts .
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed MK Dons striker Craig Barnett on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
It ’s rare that the company behind one of the world 's biggest entertainment brands , Disney , gives away too much about how they ’re going to use technology .
Olympic champion Charlotte Dujardin and London 2012 gold medallist Max Brash are among the stars set to compete at the World Cup dressage event at the Olympia in London .
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK has broken three million for the first time .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for their first official visit to the Himalayan kingdom .
Labour voters are " fundamentally disagreeing " on the issue of the EU and it is " impossible " for the party to persuade them to vote to stay in , shadow home secretary Michael Mann says .
A 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee .
Hull has raised more than £ 30 m to help fund a year of cultural events in the city .
Former World Cup winner Abby Wambach has been charged with driving under the influence of drugs after police said she first tried cocaine at the age of 25 .
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said it was a " terrible mistake " for the party to make a promise not to raise tuition fees .
The partner of a man missing after the Oxford Power Station collapse has said there is still a chance he could be alive .
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced that public transport fares in the capital will not rise before 2020 .
Portugal reached the semi - finals of the Under-20 World Cup with a 2 - 2 draw against Australia , while Germany beat Cameroon 3 - 1 to reach the last four .
The deaths of a couple in Ballycastle , County Antrim , are being treated as unexplained , police have said .
The body of Ignacio Echeverría , the Spanish man who died in the London terror attack , is to be flown back to Madrid on Saturday .
At least 39 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the southern Chinese city of Kunming , state media say .
Donald Trump has a pathway to the presidency .
A plaque has been unveiled in honour of a World War Two British general who helped liberate a Nazi death camp in Germany .
A test run for a speedboat which crashed in Portsmouth harbour was conducted without safety equipment , a report has found .
A railway company has been banned from operating on the mainline network after a series of safety incidents .
Lewis Hamilton took his 68th pole position of the season and equalled Michael Schumacher 's record of 68 with a stunning lap at the Belgian Grand Prix .
Syria has declared its entire chemical weapons stockpile to the international watchdog overseeing the destruction of its arsenal .
After an acid attack on her son at the age of five , Ayesha Bibi was taken to a hospital in the Pakistani city of Lahore .
A plan to tackle homelessness in Northampton could see a temporary night shelter set up for rough sleepers .
Women 's Super League One leaders Manchester City moved to the top of the table with victory over Birmingham City Ladies .
Boris bikes are to be rolled out in Bristol for the first time in five years .
A mixture of organic and non - organic farming can boost biodiversity in farmland , a study suggests .
A pub chain has agreed to sell a Grade II - listed building in a Carmarthenshire town to a community group for £ 300,000 .
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) is not investigating his side 's Test match defeat by England .
It is not the done thing to interfere in the internal affairs of a member state - just about .
Florence and the Machine have been promoted to the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury and Pussy Riot have made an appearance on the Park Stage .
Port Vale beat West Bromwich Albion to reach the second round of the FA Cup for the first time in four years .
The chief executive of the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) says it is " extremely important " that London Broncos have a strong presence in Super League .
The black box of a Russian jet that was shot down in Syria last month by Turkish forces has been handed over to Moscow .
The UK economy is " turning a corner " , Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to the Institute for Fiscal Studies .
Former EastEnders star Ross Kemp is to return to the BBC One soap for the final episodes of Dame Barbara Windsor 's Peggy Mitchell storyline .
Ronnie O'Sullivan reached the second round of the Welsh Grand Prix with a 4 - 3 win over Mark Holt in Cardiff .
Work to stabilise a section of the A890 bypass in the Highlands is to continue for the next few weeks .
Oldham Athletic have sacked defender Cristian Montano after an investigation into allegations of match - fixing .
Margaret Thatcher was the longest - serving prime minister in British history .
More than 90 % of small businesses in the UK have now enrolled their staff in a workplace pension scheme .
With the opening of the Festival of World Music in Cardiff Bay this weekend , BBC Wales takes a look at some of the songs that will be part of the celebrations .
A postman was left in a flap after a parcel he delivered ended up in a toilet .
Sweden 's city of Gothenburg has become the first in the world to pilot a six - hour day for nurses in a bid to reduce burnout and improve well - being .
A cafe sign in the town where April Jones was abducted and murdered has been branded " shocking " and " distasteful " by residents .
A new study has found that horses ' heart rates increase when they see angry faces .
David Beckham has posed for a photo with a paramedic who saved the lives of 11 people after a rollercoaster crash .
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race because of illness .
Britain 's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in straight sets in the first round of the Nottingham Open .
Borders town centre footfall figures have shown a mixed picture , according to Scottish Borders Council .
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright , two of the Disappeared , have been formally identified as those of two IRA members , the Irish government has said .
The chief prosecutor for the North West has said he regrets that the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) dropped a rape case against a 15-year - old girl who was the first victim of the Rochdale grooming gang .
Hundreds of thousands of people have signed a petition calling on a US judge to overturn his lenient sentence for a sexual assault convict .
England midfielder James Milner has retired from international football .
Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Ben Watson on loan until the end of the season .
Avengers : Age of Ultron will be called Ultron , director Joss Whedon has revealed at Comic - Con in San Diego , USA .
The UK has warned its citizens not to travel to the US because of new laws in North Carolina and Mississippi that restrict protections for LGBT people .
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side 's " heart - breaking " Premier League defeat at home to Tottenham was " heartbreaking " for his players .
The RSPB has issued a warning about the dangers of plastic bags after a rare bird of prey was photographed in Scotland .
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been " very positive " during the club 's recent " dark days " , says assistant manager Paul Raynor .
Targets to ensure all children in Wales by the age of seven are fluent in Welsh have been set by the Welsh government .
For many of us , flying is one of the great joys of holidaying .
New York Giants have held trials for South Sydney Rabbitohs forward Joe Burgess .
A man has died following an incident at a house in south London .
The body of a British man who died fighting against Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Syria has been returned to the UK in an emotional ceremony .
It 's a family affair that 's been going on for more than 20 years .
A north Wales MP has called for clarity on the meaning of " English votes for English laws " in the House of Commons .
Engineers have built an octopus - style robotic arm that could be used in surgery .
Belfast International Airport 's managing director has told the Irish prime minister that Tourism Ireland should stop promoting the Republic of Ireland through Dublin .
The father of fugitive US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia for the first time since his son was granted asylum there .
Two wings of a prison in Wiltshire have been " destroyed " during disturbances over the weekend .
At least seven people are reported to have been killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in the Syrian city of Aleppo .
Last winter 's floods were the most extreme on record in the UK , according to a new review .
Linfield will face Celtic in the second qualifying round of the Champions League after a goalless draw with San Marino 's La Fiorita in Belfast .
One of the last remaining dry dockyards in the UK is set to close with the departure of its final boat .
Work has started on a Â£2.3 m project to transform a former market hall in Anglesey into a community centre .
Scientists have recreated what they believe to be the earliest known ancestor of all molluscs .
The Chancellor of the Exchequer , George Osborne , had no choice but to raise taxes in the Budget .
A Scottish Parliament committee is to review building safety standards in high - rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire in London .
Shirley Temple , one of Hollywood 's most famous child stars , has died at the age of 89 .
A group of musicians in South Sudan have called on the warring factions in the country to stop fighting , and to forgive each other .
Poland has refused to allow a Russian biker group accused of supporting separatists in eastern Ukraine into the country .
Ronnie O'Sullivan and John Higgins are through to the quarter - finals of the Scottish Open after beating defending champion Stuart White and Barry Hawkins respectively .
Children 's mental health services in England are " struggling " to cope with a lack of funding , campaigners have warned .
Scotland has missed its annual greenhouse gas emissions target for the fourth consecutive year , according to official figures .
Moroccans turned out in droves to vote in Sunday 's referendum on a new constitution , the interior minister has told the BBC , but turnout was low .
Cleveland Reds second baseman Scooter Gennett became the first player to hit four home runs in a game since 1894 when he hit four against the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday .
A Dumfries woman has been found guilty of possessing a pipe bomb .
Brentford manager Mark Warburton has been sacked by the Championship club .
Human footprints have been discovered on a Ceredigion beach for the first time .
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said the country is ready to host the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro , 399 days before the opening ceremony .
A group of fishermen have been rescued from a sinking fishing boat off the west coast of Scotland .
Thousands of people have attended a gay rights rally in Singapore , despite a religious backlash against the event .
The final four members of an international organised crime gang have been found guilty of masterminding the theft of artefacts worth up to £ 50 m from museums and auction houses .
A nursery in Ceredigion has been evacuated after an intruder broke into its play room .
The trading standards regime in the UK is " as strong as its weakest link " , a leading industry figure has said .
The European Union 's Ebola mission , which was set up in Ghana to help fight the outbreak in West Africa , is to cut its staff and assets by a third .
Former Australian rugby league and AFL footballer Josh Hunt has been charged with supplying cocaine with intent to supply .
Voters in Egypt 's referendum on a new constitution have approved it by more than two - thirds .
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has criticised plans for a march by former soldiers in Londonderry .
The body of the Russian ambassador to Greece has been found in his apartment in Athens .
The health of children 's teeth in Wales is still lagging behind other parts of the UK , according to the latest Welsh Government survey .
A student team in Switzerland has set a new world record for the fastest electric - powered car .
Liverpool City Council has voted to ask newsagents and vendors to stop selling The Sun .
At least 35 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a gas explosion in north - eastern Nigeria .
Average speed cameras are to be installed on parts of the M74 and M8 motorways as part of a £ 1.2bn upgrade project .
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee .
The bodies of two climbers who went missing while climbing in the French Alps have been recovered , officials say .
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan who has died at a hotel in Los Angeles .
China has accused the US of " militarising " the South China Sea , accusing it of " escalating tensions " in the region .
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a ransomware attack that encrypted computer systems and demanded a ransom to unlock them .
Skyscanner , one of the UK 's biggest travel websites , has reported a rise in revenues and bookings for 2015 .
I have learned that a government - commissioned panel set up by the Home Office was split over whether psychoactive substances should be banned .
Thailand 's former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been charged with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme that led to the 2014 military coup .
The summer transfer window may have closed at the end of last season , but there was no shortage of transfer activity in the Scottish Premiership .
Ferry services on the Stornoway - Ullapool route have been cancelled for the second day in a row because of a fault with a new passenger ship .
Nottingham Forest midfielder Andreas Bendtner suffered a suspected broken leg as his side beat Birmingham City to move up to fourth in the Championship .
Katy Perry has come out in support of Taylor Swift , saying : " I want the best for her . "
Lancashire lost the Bill Beaumont Cup for the second time in three years as they were beaten by Cornwall at Twickenham .
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points after a 2 - 0 win over Arsenal at Stamford Bridge , while Watford moved up to second with a 1 - 0 victory over Burnley .
A museum has opened its doors to the public for the first time as part of Nottingham Carnival .
Google has developed a system to remove the need for " captcha " puzzles on websites to prove that people are not bots .
A couple from Bristol have become the first married couple to win the first ever World Para - athletics Couple 's Cross Country Championships .
Free school meals should be paid for by fingerprints rather than cash , an AM has said .
More than 1,000 people are waiting up to a year for a consultant - led appointment at the Ulster Hospital in County Down , according to new figures .
Olympic gold medallists Katherine Cassells and Katherine Scrimgeour have qualified for Saturday 's lightweight pairs final at the Rotterdam World Rowing Championships with victory in their semi - final .
Nine West Midlands Police officers and staff have been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the handling of a domestic abuse case in which a woman was murdered .
Ruben Aguirre , one of Mexico 's best - known actors , has died at the age of 83 .
South Africa coach Orlando Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for the national team 's poor run of form at the Africa Cup of Nations .
Three US citizens have been sentenced to hard labour in North Korea for crimes against the state .
The mother of an 11-year - old boy with a rare form of leukaemia has said an anonymous donor has paid for his treatment .
Tower Bridge in central London is to be closed to road traffic until the end of the year for maintenance works .
Airlines and travel agents have been warned that flaws in flight bookings systems can be exploited to steal passengers ' personal information .
A Catholic priest from the Republic of Ireland has been declared a saint by Pope Francis .
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant .
The Great Manchester Run and athletics ' Great CityGames will go ahead as planned on Friday and Sunday following Monday 's terror attack in the city .
MSPs have called on the Scottish Parliament 's corporate body to ensure they get a " decent cup of coffee " for committee meetings .
Mark Bingham was knocked out of the UK Championship in the quarter - finals as he lost 6 - 4 to Marco Perry in the last 16 .
Afghan and Afghan officials say Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike .
The mother of Caylee Anthony , who was acquitted of murdering her six - year - old daughter in a high - profile case that gripped the US , has spoken for the first time since her acquittal .
England one - day international Sarah Taylor has been ruled out of the Women 's Super League for the rest of the season through injury .
People travelling on a bus in central London are being encouraged to sing along with the music as they travel .
A community group has been set up in a bid to save a Grade II - listed swimming pool in Reading from closure .
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Germany in which the bus burst into flames .
Wendy Houvenaghel says she was " bullied , harassed and frozen out of opportunities " at British Cycling .
Journalists have been given permission to live - stream the sentencing of a man found guilty of murdering his former lover on Twitter .
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first professional footballer in Germany to come out as gay .
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man suspected of raping a nun at a convent in March .
It 's not natural Labour territory , but the people of Chelmsford , in Essex , were queuing round the block outside the civic theatre to hear Jeremy Corbyn .
A woman accused of defrauding an 86-year - old woman out of more than £ 1 m has told a court she was " taken advantage of " by her .
The House of Lords has warned that the UK 's fishing industry could be at risk of being " marginalised " in the Brexit negotiations .
It has been a year of high drama in Northern Ireland .
A mechanic has been sacked after a dashboard camera recorded footage of him driving a car at 57 mph while it was being serviced .
A Chinese fishing boat has redetected a signal in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 , Australian officials say .
Moussa Diouf scored a late equaliser as Stoke City came from behind to earn a point at Chelsea .
Wasps moved up to third in the Premiership with a bonus - point win over Sale at the Ricoh Arena .
Yeovil Town have signed Jack Kashket from League Two rivals Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and Southampton defender Jack Gape on loan .
Three - time Grand National winner Many Clouds died from a " severe pulmonary haemorrhage " after winning a race on Saturday , a report has revealed .
A passenger plane has been struck by lightning on its way to a holiday destination .
A GP surgery in New Zealand that was rated " inadequate " by health inspectors has been rated " good " after making improvements .
" These vagabond shoes , they are longing to stray . "
MSPs are to examine how returning officers are paid for their work at local and national elections .
Residents of a traveller site in Essex have said they fear a second Dale Farm could be built on their land .
A fire has broken out at a derelict Victorian building in Glasgow .
Scotland 's Ian Fleming says anyone found guilty of match - fixing should be banned from tennis .
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been given the go - ahead .
David Cameron has been back on BBC Breakfast to talk about the state of the economy .
Shares in Inditex , the owner of Zara and Massimo Dutti , have risen more than 10 % after the firm reported a rise in sales and profits .
Two people have been taken to hospital with minor injuries following a crash on the A74(M ) in Dumfries and Galloway .
In 2002 , the Daily Telegraph published an article about Bruno in which he was described as " bonkers " and " depressed " .
Fortuna Sittard coach Samson Oliseh says he is happy with the progress his team is making in the Dutch second tier .
Wigan Warriors will face Warrington Wolves in the quarter - finals of the Challenge Cup , while Wigan will travel to Wigan Warriors in the last eight .
Kenya 's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called on African leaders to end their dependence on foreign aid .
Passengers leaving the UK on commercial international transport are being subject to passport checks for the first time .
Leeds United boss Stuart McCall says he was " close to clocking a couple " of Millwall fans who invaded the pitch during their FA Cup final defeat .
A man has completed his bid to raise money for a hospice by swimming the length of the English Channel in a Speedo .
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter in the EFL Cup second round .
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people in the wake of protests against his labour market reforms .
South African scrum - half Ruan van Rooyen says players at the Kings are " really excited " about the prospect of joining the Pro12 .
Sir Jimmy Savile 's knighthood could be removed from him , Prime Minister David Cameron has said .
A Stranraer schoolgirl who has a rare genetic condition is leading a campaign to get a life - extending drug on the NHS .
Usain Bolt is through to the semi - finals of the men 's 100 m at the Olympic Games after winning his heat in the fastest time in history .
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to turn out in force for Sunday 's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia in a bid to give their team a chance of reaching Euro 2016 .
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach .
East Dunbartonshire Council has been warned by the public spending watchdog that it needs to make " urgent improvements " to its finances .
A man accused of murdering his six - year - old son punched his other child in the stomach , a court has heard .
Leyton Orient 's League Two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at Crawley .
The European Union has pledged $ 1.9bn ( Â£1bn ; $ 2bn ) to a trust fund for 23 African countries to help them deal with the migrant crisis .
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw 2 - 2 with Livingston in the Scottish Championship .
Firefighters were called out to rescue a woman who became stuck in a tyre at a children 's play park in East Yorkshire .
Two cars have been left stranded on top of each other in a marked parking space at a service station in Dungannon .
A UK vote to leave the EU would cause an " economic shock " to the world economy , G20 finance ministers have warned .
Derry City kept up the pressure on leaders Dundalk with victory over Wexford in Sunday 's Premier Division game at the Brandywell .
A cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council 's website has exposed the email addresses of more than 1,000 members of the public .
Hull KR missed the chance to win the Challenge Cup for the first time since 2008 as they were beaten by Halifax .
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a van attack on Las Ramblas in the Spanish city of Barcelona , in which a driver ploughed into pedestrians .
The closure of Govan Shipbuilders is the end of a long tradition of shipbuilding in Govan .
The leader of the Baloch separatist movement in Pakistan 's restive province of Balochistan has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the country 's military .
T. rex would have nipped at the knees of the largest sauropod - Argentinosaurus huinculensis - but how would it have walked ?
A Scottish sea salt company has signed a deal to sell its products in Sainbury 's stores .
It was not long ago that Jamie Smith was competing in four different sports at the same time .
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of Cornwall .
Two men who died in a paint - spraying booth explosion at an industrial unit bought from an RAF airbase died from smoke inhalation , an inquest has heard .
Six men have been jailed for a series of " well - planned and professional thieving " thefts that cost Network Rail £ 1 m .
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side 's poor run of form is down to a lack of confidence .
Volkswagen has said it will stop production at seven of its plants in Germany because of a dispute with two suppliers .
The president of Australia 's Human Rights Commission ( HRC ) has said she rejected a " disgraceful " offer of a job with the government after a report criticised the government 's asylum seeker policy .
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Josh Ormsby on a season - long loan deal .
A Andy Warhol portrait of Chairman Mao by the artist is to be sold at auction in Hong Kong , the latest in a series of works on the Chinese leader that began in 1972 .
An Australian man has been found guilty of working as a doctor under a false identity for nearly a decade .
A 17-year - old boy has been charged with the murder of ex - TV bodyguard David Hayden in east London .
Match reports from the weekend 's Scottish Premiership and Championship games .
The mother of a man accused of stabbing a pensioner to death in West Sussex has told a court she feared her son was involved in the killing .
Egyptian experts say they have found " anomalies " in three of the pyramids oframids of Giza that may be related to the way they are built .
League One side Norwich City have signed Tottenham striker Alex Pritchard and goalkeeper Danny Jones .
Olympic champion Justin Gatlin won the 100 m at the European Indoor Championships with a personal best time of 9.97 seconds .
Sunderland winger Adnan Januzaj will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury .
A collision between Earth and a Mercury - sized planet early in its history could explain how the carbon in our planet 's mantle came to be so abundant , say scientists .
Josh Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham Town and go top of League Two .
When it comes to Nobel Prizes , the list of winners is dominated by men .
Renting in London is " unaffordable " in most areas of the capital , according to a report by the homeless charity Shelter .
Mexican authorities have arrested the former governor of the northern state of Tamaulipas , Tomas Yarrington , on corruption charges , officials say .
A gull has died after being shot with an airgun in the Borders .
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are due to hold their first face - to - face talks since 2014 .
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is " fully focused " on his job at Pittodrie rather than Rangers ' managerial vacancy .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is " disappointed " by Jazz Richards ' recovery from a calf injury and says he does not know when the defender will return to action .
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says his side are " hungry and humble " as they aim to retain their European Champions Cup title .
As the dust settles and the dust begins to settle on the result of the EU referendum , there will be a sense of deja vu .
Award - winning short story writer KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her story Disappearances , inspired by the life of Hilary Mantel .
Ross County have signed Aberdeen left - back Scott Quinn on loan until the end of the season .
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after five people were injured while using it .
Obesity among teenagers is linked to an increased risk of bowel cancer in later life , a study suggests .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he expects the majority of his squad to stay at Easter Road next season .
The 70th anniversary of a plane crash which claimed the lives of 10 US servicemen and women has been marked in the Isle of Man .
A £ 500 m science and technology complex in Newcastle has been officially opened .
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for levels of radon gas , which can cause lung cancer .
Two elderly women have been conned out of more than £ 10,000 in two separate cold call scams .
A fire has broken out at an 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Yousra Elbagir looks at how Sudanese poets are using poetry to fight censorship and control .
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended releasing a video ad in which he shoots dead two politicians in the run - up to the state election .
Antibiotic resistance is becoming a bigger problem in hospitals than it was two years ago , a leading specialist in sepsis says .
The 2017 Winter Olympics are getting under way in Sochi , Russia .
A £ 1.5 m fundraising campaign has been completed to secure the future of a 7th Century bible which has been hidden under a 13th century entry .
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman found dead in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail .
Cuba has reacted angrily to US President Donald Trump 's announcement that he is toughening sanctions against the island .
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix in a battle for the world title .
There are two types of pubs in Scotland .
The Army has already cut more than 20,000 jobs since 2010 and is unlikely to meet its recruitment target of 82,000 by 2018 , the BBC has learned .
Five children have been injured in a two - car crash in North Yorkshire .
MSPs have accused the finance secretary of " seven minutes of waffle " after he refused to hand over details of how the Scottish government 's first budget could unfold .
Worcestershire have re - signed Australia all - rounder Mitch Santner as their overseas player for the 2017 season .
Scotland coach Gordon Strachan says captain Scott Brown has been a " big part of my career " since he made his international debut in 2005 .
The Obama administration is " in the final stages " of drafting a plan to close Guantanamo Bay , the White House has said .
The world 's first tailless , jet - powered unmanned warplane has made its first flight .
Parents of children at a holiday camp which was closed after a director was charged with possessing indecent images of children will be able to claim a refund .
A dog that was seized by Belfast City Council as a " dangerous " dog has been allowed to return home .
An MP 's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with rape .
The government should set a new target for " world - beating " broadband speeds in the UK , according to the Institute of Directors ( IoD ) .
Hundreds of whales stranded on a beach in New Zealand have been refloated by rescuers as they continue to die .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) says it is " greatly interested " in the idea of co - hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics with North Korea .
UBS has been formally placed under official investigation in France over allegations it helped clients evade tax by opening undeclared bank accounts in France .
UK astronaut Tim Peake has taken part in a live call - in with primary school children from across the UK .
Three US marines have died and two others are missing after an aircraft crashed into the sea off the coast of Australia .
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points with a 3 - 1 win over 10-man East Fife .
A new set of traffic lights are to be put in place at a busy junction after a rise in the number of accidents .
The Scottish Professional Football League ( SPFL ) has confirmed it has been the victim of a hacking attack .
Castleford Tigers have signed Cronulla Sharks prop Matty Smith on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being warned to be on the lookout for a " thug " plant that is out - competing bluebells .
Asda has been criticised for failing to fix two security flaws on its website that could have allowed hackers to access customers ' personal information .
A fly - tipper who killed two cows in Conwy county has been named by police .
The Crucible 's production of Show Boat and the Royal Shakespeare Company 's first black Hamlet are among the nominees for this year 's Olivier Awards .
A baby pine marten has been photographed for the first time in Wales .
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a gun was found in north London .
Young people in England and Wales are being urged not to buy cosmetic contact lenses because they could put them at risk .
A man accused of bludgeoning a woman to death with a hammer in a " frenzied attack " has denied killing her , a court heard .
A new community centre has opened in Carmarthenshire .
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals on suspicion of illegal mining .
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £ 1.6bn for 2015 as the price of oil continued to fall .
Sunderland 's only independent record shop , which sold thousands of copies of its own album and became a community hub , has closed .
A summit on flooding is to be held in Cardiff on Monday to discuss ways to reduce the risk of flooding .
The Liberal Democrats have apologised to an estate agent after their election campaign website was named after his firm 's name .
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will lead the national team on their summer tour of New Zealand .
MPs have called for an end to unpaid internships in a report on social mobility .
Keurig Green Mountain , the US single - serve coffee pod maker , is being bought by a group of investors for $ 3.7bn ( Â£2.3bn ) .
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he is " disappointed " by Qatar 's refusal to meet a list of demands imposed by four Arab states in a dispute over Qatar .
The Scottish government is to invest £ 20 m in general practice over the next year .
Welsh snooker star Mark Williams will have to play in qualifying for the World Championship for the first time in his career .
Authorities in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more than 200 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup win over Peterborough .
Marta Guillermo is not a shopkeeper , and she does not even own a single item of clothing .
Northern Ireland 's political parties are split over whether or not to campaign for the UK to remain in the EU .
A man accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £ 150,000 has told a court he did not agree with the practice of making personal injury claims .
A primary school head teacher is paying for his staff to take a ' duvet day ' every year to help tackle a shortage of teachers .
One of the last remaining flying Lancasters has been grounded after an engine fault .
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper Mark Gilmartin and goalkeeper David Brill .
The UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) has taken the top spot in the European Parliament for the first time , while the far - right National Front came first in France and Eurosceptics in the UK .
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says stand - off Albert Kelly 's future at the Super League club is " up in the air " after he was suspended by the club .
Opponents of gay marriage in the US state of California have filed a petition with the US Supreme Court asking it to overturn a lower court ruling that same - sex unions are legal .
New Hartlepool United manager Paul Hignett says he was " surprised " by the quality of players he has seen since taking charge of the League Two club .
A Polish journalist who has been expelled from Russia has told the BBC he will take his cat with him when he leaves the country .
Mick Fanning won his first World Surf League ( WSL ) title at the Pipeline Masters in Hawaii on Thursday , just hours after learning his brother Peter had died .
Hundreds of thousands of small businesses are to get a tax cut of up to £ 6,000 a year , the chancellor has announced .
A 15-year - old girl has told a court she had sex with England footballer Adam Johnson after receiving a " thank you kiss " from him on WhatsApp .
Racism at football matches is " on a regular basis " in Wales , according to players and clubs .
Wales ' first minister has accused Theresa May of giving the impression the UK government does not listen to devolved administrations as Article 50 approaches .
David Cameron 's team have decided not to change the date of the EU summit from Tuesday to Wednesday , in order to give the prime minister more time to prepare for the referendum debate .
Jersey 's bid to join Uefa has been rejected by the governing body .
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he appears to mock Donald Trump .
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 16-year - old boy was killed in a crash at a petrol station .
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Craig Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee .
On the outskirts of the Colombian city of Cartagena , in the north - western province of Uraba , there are a number of hide - out huts , each with its own kitchen , bathroom and toilet .
Rihanna has teamed up with Sir Paul McCartney and Kanye West for a new song called Four Five Seconds .
The search for the missing German U - boat U33 is being carried out by Nato warships as part of a major anti - submarine exercise off the coast of Britain .
Stephen Keshi has signed a two - year contract with Nigeria to return as coach of the Super Eagles for a second time .
Scottish author Irvine Kelman is among the contenders for this year 's Saltire Book of the Year awards , which have been announced .
The United Nations ( UN ) has been criticised for appointing comic book superhero Wonder Woman as its first female honorary ambassador .
Newport Gwent Dragons have been taken over by a US - based investment group after the club avoided going into administration .
Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc has retired from international football .
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after a fight in a Harrogate pub .
The chief executive of the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) has said the institution is " stepping up to the mark " in its response to the issue of parades .
A review into the state of readiness of inquests into killings in Northern Ireland 's Troubles has begun .
Paraguay 's President Horacio Cartes has announced he will not run for re - election in June 's presidential election .
Kilmarnock have signed defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers .
A couple have been left " completely penniless " after their funeral company went out of business .
The home secretary has said it is " too early " to say whether net migration will feature in the Conservative manifesto , despite the prime minister saying she wants to reduce it to " tens of thousands " .
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend .
Communications regulator Ofcom has announced the first areas to be considered for a new local TV network .
The body of a seven - year - old boy has been recovered from a river in North Lanarkshire after a major search .
The government 's plans for more selective schools in England are likely to help the poorest pupils at the cost of those who do not , say researchers .
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler .
Northern Ireland 's ban on same - sex marriage has been upheld by the High Court in Belfast .
Petra Kvitova thrashed third seed Simona Halep in straight sets to reach the Aegon Classic final in Birmingham .
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world , and they take place every year in Los Angeles , America .
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Jordan Brown on a two - year deal after he turned down a new deal with Championship side Sunderland .
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted to reject the DUP 's bid to be re - elected to the Northern Ireland Executive .
As the BBC 's James Reynolds reports from Haiti , the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew continues to spread across the country .
Watford have signed Colombia defender Federico Zuniga from Napoli on a five - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from travelling to China for further education , amid fears they may be spying for China .
WBO world heavyweight champion Joseph Parker was outclassed by Razvan Cojanu in his first defence of his title in New Zealand .
Shane Williams has left Ospreys to play in Japan for the first time in his career .
Ethiopian Airlines has become the first airline to fly the revamped version of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner , which was grounded in January .
Spain 's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine as defending champion Chris Froome finished second .
A trainer has apologised after the wrong horse was declared the winner of a race after a microchipping scan identified it as his stablemate .
A South African and Malian singer - songwriter have teamed up to release a song in response to attacks on foreigners in South Africa .
A Wigan biscuit firm has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
The former treasurer of Spain 's governing Popular Party ( PP ) is due to be questioned by anti - corruption prosecutors over allegations of illegal payments to party members .
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored their first goals of the season as Leeds United beat Burton Albion at Elland Road .
A group of tech giants has pledged $ 1bn ( Â£800 m ) to fund research into artificial intelligence ( AI ) and robotics .
" Lack of experience and confidence " among prison officers at a high - security prison is a " concern " , a report has said .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a two - minute " gravy wrestling " contest in a pub 's swimming pool .
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for Fiction for his latest book , The Map and the Territory , which tells the story of an artist 's life in Paris .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat - trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup .
The prime minister 's comments on the future of school sport in England have been met with a mixed response .
The safety of Tesla 's Autopilot feature , which was at the centre of a fatal crash last year , has been found to be safe .
World number one Mark Selby eased into the second round of the World Championship with a 10 - 1 victory over John O'Brien at the Crucible .
A bird of prey has been found shot dead in a wood in Bedfordshire .
Ten people have been charged with slavery offences following a police raid on traveller sites .
US Vice - President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that Canada needs him " very , very badly " .
You never said that , but all your friends on Facebook think you did .
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has now killed more than 2,000 people and infected more than 3,000 others .
Amazon , the world 's biggest online retailer , has been accused of trying to avoid paying tax in the UK by shifting profits abroad .
The captain of a cargo ship that was forced to make an emergency landing at Belfast Harbour after he was found to be drunk has been fined .
A man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend whispered in her ear " she 'll pay for what she 's done " after she dumped him , a court heard .
Two two - year - old boys in the US state of Georgia have escaped from their mother 's car by driving it down a country road by themselves .
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott , calling her " my lover and best friend " .
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks after having surgery on an ankle injury .
Gateshead and Guiseley played out a 1 - 1 draw at the International Stadium .
A growing number of apparently automated comments have been posted on a US government website in opposition to proposals to change the rules on net neutrality .
A rare flower in the grounds of the Botanic Garden of Edinburgh is expected to bloom later .
Plans to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point have been delayed after the government said it would review the project .
A campaign has been launched to find a new national bird for Britain .
Jack Marriott scored a hat - trick as Peterborough thrashed Bristol Rovers at the Memorial Stadium .
" I do n't know what to do now . "
Spanish police say they have broken up a ring in which hundreds of Chinese nationals were allegedly hired to work as domestic workers and then deported .
New Glentoran manager Gary Haveron says a win over Linfield on Saturday would be the best way for his side to turn their season around .
When Jordan Spieth was a boy growing up in Texas , his mother offered him a deal : if he won the US Junior Amateur Championship at the age of 14 , she would buy him a golf club for his birthday .
Lance Armstrong 's admission that he took performance - enhancing drugs and that he would do it again if he was given a second chance has led to questions about whether he has changed or not .
Wildfires are continuing to burn out of control in the US state of California , forcing thousands of people to flee their homes .
The High Court has ruled in favour of HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) in a tax avoidance case against the retailer Next , which could result in the firm paying back more than £ 20 m .
The Twelfth of July parade has taken place in Rossnowlagh , County Donegal .
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Kidderminster Harriers .
Repairs to a flood - damaged bridge are to take longer than expected and cost more than £ 4.5 m , councillors have agreed .
A seal that became tangled in netting on a beach in Aberdeenshire has been released back into the sea .
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed because of a flu outbreak .
Is it possible to run a company without a boss ?
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of arson attacks on vehicles in Wiltshire .
The 100th anniversary of the birth of playwright Arthur Miller is being marked with a series of events across the UK this year .
Argentina have sacked coach Edgardo Bauza after failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup .
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder John Caddis about his future at the club .
The head of the United Arab Emirates has backed the FBI in its legal battle with Apple over its refusal to help investigate the San Bernardino shooting .
The government has lost a legal challenge against its plan to tackle air pollution .
A cross - Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by Hovertravel .
Nasa 's Curiosity rover has taken its final picture of Mars .
Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy 's recent form is a huge boost for Europe 's Ryder Cup team as they prepare to face the United States at Hazeltine .
A bar in County Londonderry has been fined £ 5,000 after a man died and two other people were charged with drink - driving .
The RSPB has been forced to delay the opening of two new nature reserves in Dorset because of flooding .
A motoring festival has been cancelled for the third year in a row because of funding cuts .
Christmas is the worst time of year for fat blocking London 's sewers , according to Thames Water .
Worcestershire batsman James Wells has signed a new two - year contract with the club , keeping him at The Oval until the end of the 2018 season .
A look at some of the stories you may have missed over the past week .
England 's Stuart Bingham will face world number one Judd Trump in the final of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace in London on Sunday .
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called on the UK government to seek a " satisfactory deal " on Brexit after the general election .
For the second time in a week , the US has been gripped by protests over police shootings of unarmed black people .
Japanese carmaker Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the current financial year and said it is in talks with Suzuki over a possible partnership .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday , boosted by strong gains in technology and retail stocks .
Plans to build 4,000 homes in a new garden village in Surrey have been given the go - ahead .
The PSNI 's Serious Crime Branch is to review all deaths linked to soldiers from a paramilitary unit in Belfast during the Troubles .
The death of Saif al - Arab Gaddafi , the son of Col Muammar Gaddafi , is not a military victory for the Nato - led coalition in Libya .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from firms suspected of contributing to the haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia .
A man who assaulted a teenage boy and his girlfriend after being radicalised by Anjem Choudary has been jailed for six years .
Mudlarking is a form of treasure - hunting that dates back to the 17th Century , but is now popular with a new generation of treasure hunters .
CBBC has asked children in the UK if they think bullies should be helped or punished .
The International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) is investigating claims by Algeria 's goalball team that they have failed to turn up to the Rio Paralympics .
The House of Commons has launched a new website for people to sign and submit e - petitions to Parliament .
Uefa has accused the World Anti - Doping Agency ( Wada ) of being " inadequate " after Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho failed a drugs test .
There is a " big yawning gap " between girls and boys when it comes to being physically active , a study suggests .
If you leave your mobile phone somewhere do you worry you will not be able to find it ?
Strictly Come Dancing stars Steve Backshall and Ola O'Brien have spoken out about claims of bullying .
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games and fined £ 10,000 after being sent off against West Ham .
Plans for a safari park , water park and hotel have been given the go - ahead .
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is " relieved " police are now focusing on a car as a possible clue to his disappearance .
A temp agency has been accused of sexism after it advertised for a personal assistant with a " b - c cup " in a job advert .
More than a third of rail passengers may be paying too much for their journey , according to new research by the government .
Three members of a cult in China have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a woman in a McDonald 's restaurant .
Two Australian men have been sentenced to three to eight strokes of the cane by a Singapore court for vandalism .
Mansfield Town have signed striker Jordan Oliver on loan from League Two rivals Crewe Alexandra until January .
Investment in commercial property in the north east of Scotland fell by more than 60 % last year , according to a new report .
Plans to close Brecon Barracks in Powys have been described as " abhorrent " by an MP after it was announced it will close in 2025 .
Highland Council has launched an investigation into the availability of public toilets on Skye .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second general election before Christmas would be a " shambles " if Labour and the Conservatives try to form a minority government .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is " proud " to have led the club back to the top flight after relegation from the Scottish Premiership .
Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of Unison , the second largest union in the Labour Party , as he bids to become its new leader .
They are students at a university in the Netherlands .
It 's been a long time coming , but the row between the Welsh government and universities over the budget has finally been resolved .
Alex Schalk scored a late winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup .
Two planes have crashed into each other at an airport in the US city of Detroit .
Five - time Olympic gold medallist Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC 's extensive coverage of the Rio 2016 Games .
Paul Daniels , who has died at the age of 79 , was one of the UK 's most successful magicians .
Alex Salmond has been one of Scotland 's most successful political leaders .
League Two side Cambridge United will host Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup .
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2 - 0 to reach the quarter - finals of the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam .
The jury in the trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has retired to consider its verdict .
Russia says its forces in Syria have recaptured key areas around the ancient city of Palmyra from so - called Islamic State ( IS ) .
A fifth UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group in a row over Manston Airport .
Norwich City striker Bertrand Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was like a " Yaya Toure goal " - and he hopes it will help his side avoid relegation .
A 20-year - old woman has been shot dead in the US state of Indiana in what police say was a " senseless and brutal " shooting .
A " unique " dog with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home .
A food truck which trains ex - offenders to work in the catering industry is set to double its workforce .
Star Wars actor John Boyega is giving back to the London theatre where he grew up by becoming an honorary member of the company .
A Native American tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana dispensary and gambling resort .
Sinn Féin 's Martin McGuinness has said it will be a " huge mistake " if the Ulster Unionists form an opposition in the Northern Ireland Assembly .
A man who spent 23 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania has told the BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire programme that the death penalty saved his life .
Plans to redevelop Bristol City 's Ashton Gate will go ahead in May if a judicial review of a planning application is not successful .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been " convinced " to stay on as leader of the party , the party has said .
Great Britain lost their final warm - up game before Eurobasket qualifying for the first time as they were beaten 84 - 77 by the Netherlands in a friendly in Manchester .
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says he is " proud " of the county 's record number of full houses for international cricket following a busy week in Cardiff .
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6 - 3 6 - 4 to win his first ATP title of the year at the Brisbane International .
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest , according to a new poll .
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died in a hit - and - run crash in Sheffield .
A council has said it is " realistically looking at the prospect of becoming insolvent " as it faces a £ 134 m budget shortfall by 2019 .
Derry manager Joey Barton has said that he was " shocked " by the " horrific " injury suffered by Brendan Rogers in the McKenna Cup final defeat by Tyrone .
A Dundee man jailed for four - and - a - half years over the possession of child pornography has won an appeal against his conviction .
Dozens of bearded dragons have been rescued by staff at a Cardiff zoo after they were abandoned in a cardboard box .
Great Britain 's wheelchair basketball team are back in action .
A paraglider thought she was " going to die " when she came within inches of colliding with an A400 M military aircraft , investigators have said .
A man has been threatened with a gun during an armed robbery in County Armagh .
Traffic congestion at Stonehenge Bottom is a " nightmare " caused by the closure of a dual carriageway , campaigners say .
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood is to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the party .
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the gender pay gap in the Scottish workplace .
Widnes Vikings moved off the foot of the Super League table with a hard - fought win at St Helens .
Banks in India are marking people 's fingers with indelible ink to stop them from using banned high - denomination bank notes .
A disabled man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint in his own home in Glasgow .
Labour and Plaid Cymru say they are " confident " they can reach a deal to elect a new first minister .
The owners of an animalarium in Powys have been fined more than £ 1,000 for illegally keeping endangered animals .
Wales have called up uncapped midfielders James Chester , Luke Dummett and Scott Matthews for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on Saturday .
Mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing the NHS today , with many of us suffering from anxiety , depression and panic attacks .
A health board has released a summary of a report into claims made by a Labour MP about the care of her husband who died in hospital .
Heavy drinking is the leading cause of death in Wales , according to a new report .
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an appendix abscess and is to have surgery to remove it .
England 's Scott Simpson was knocked out of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in the second round by Egypt 's Nour El - Khalili .
Passengers on a flight from Ibiza to Birmingham were forced to run out on to the wing before leaping onto the ground because of a series of faults , an accident report has found .
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says reaching the third round of the EFL Cup is the only way his side can qualify for the Europa League .
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese side Sagan Tosu .
The prime minister of Lesotho has said he has been removed from power in a " bloodless coup " by the army .
Shares in logistics group Menzies have fallen more than 10 % after it warned that problems at London Gatwick could hit profits .
Universities in the UK are considering setting up branches in other European countries in the event of the country leaving the European Union .
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says the club are in talks with a number of international players to join them .
There is " no compelling evidence " it started in a tumble dryer , an inquest into the deaths of two men in a flat fire has heard .
A Chinese teenager who tried to smuggle himself into Dubai on a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has been praised by Chinese social media users , but others have been critical .
American Bubba Watson holds a one - shot lead after the first round of the Shenzhen International , which was suspended because of darkness .
Thieves have made off with a number of lawnmowers in a " targeted raid " on a farm in the Borders .
Australia 's Scott Hend and England 's Tyrrell Hatton are tied for the lead at the BMW PGA Championship after the final round .
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet " does n't know how good he is " , says manager Jurgen Klopp after the keeper made a string of errors in the draw with Arsenal .
Couples eligible for NHS fertility treatment in Scotland should be offered more than one cycle of IVF treatment , a charity has said .
As Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders clashed in their first one - on - one debate , the hashtag # demdebate became the top trend on social media .
Greece is heading to the polls on Sunday to elect a new government to try to resolve the country 's debt crisis , but the country is deeply divided over its future in the European Union .
The Uruguayan government has announced that marijuana will be sold in pharmacies from July .
Teaching assistants in Northamptonshire are to be balloted for industrial action over plans to change their contracts .
The Scottish government has been accused of carrying out a " sham consultation " on its named person policy after the Supreme Court ruled it was unlawful .
The world 's largest floating town , which has been built in Brazil , has been officially unveiled .
This year 's Royal Albert Hall ( RAH ) Proms is about to get under way - and it 's going to be a big one .
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to do more to protect Black Lives Matter activists from racism .
A gardener from Liverpool , Stephen Paul Copoc travelled to the match by car with friends , who all survived .
Japan 's Nikkei share index closed lower on Monday as the yen strengthened against the US dollar following last week 's US rate rise .
Proposals for a ring - fence around UK banks to protect them from investment banking losses are " well short " of what is needed , a watchdog has said .
Five teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot as he approached Edinburgh Airport .
Audi has pulled out of the Le Mans 24-hour race to concentrate on electric racing in the Formula E series .
Jonathan Demme , the director of The Silence of the Lambs , has died at the age of 83 .
The Australian government has announced a $ 1.3bn ( Â£1.1bn ; $ 1bn ) drought assistance package for farmers in the state of Queensland .
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Belfast in a protest against austerity measures introduced by the UK government .
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a disturbance at a nightclub in Dundee .
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is facing calls to resign over allegations that he received illegal payments when he was a minister , after a newspaper published documents it said showed he received them .
A former Soviet army officer has appeared in court in the US on terrorism charges after being extradited from Afghanistan .
Edin Dzeko scored a hat - trick as Roma returned to the top of Serie A with victory over Bologna .
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after the BBC 's Have I Got News for You programme aired a joke about Nigel Farage on air .
Transport bosses in London are to trial a new badge and card system for disabled and ill people on the Tube .
Cartoonists in Iran have drawn up a series of depictions of Donald Trump that they say highlight his links to Nazism .
Translink has said that the first of three refurbished trains on the Belfast to Dublin rail line will return to service later .
Thailand 's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been formally invited to become king , after he delayed taking the throne by a year .
In the US state of Maine , mead , once synonymous with Renaissance fairs and medieval re - enactments , is making a comeback .
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest level in more than a decade , official figures show .
A major search is under way for a teenager who has gone missing off the coast of Devon .
There 's a new election coming up in the UK - the General Election .
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Edinburgh .
The roll - out of smart meters in the UK has been hit by another delay .
The Spitfire has taken to the skies over Greater Manchester for the final time before it is retired .
Northern Ireland Under-19s were beaten 2 - 0 by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Women 's Euro 2017 in Belfast .
More than 100 jobs are to be created in Brechin , Angus , with the construction of a new engineering facility .
A third person has died at a Carmarthenshire nursing home following an outbreak of flu - like symptoms .
The rainbow flag has been flown for the first time in Northern Ireland 's history .
A second teenager has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a pregnant woman in south London .
The World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , is one of the biggest economic conferences in the world .
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking , according to reports .
Oscar Pistorius , the South African athlete who shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , has been taken to prison after being sentenced to five years in jail .
A nurse who sent " sexually explicit and degrading " Facebook messages to a colleague has been sacked .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has warned that eating too much processed meat can increase the risk of cancer .
Sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of pilot Amy Johnson .
Supermarkets are cutting the average price of standard school uniforms for the first time in more than a decade .
A teenager has been arrested after jumping from a plane at San Francisco International Airport and scaling the wing of the aircraft and running away .
The world 's most famous steam locomotive has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway .
Amazon boss Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery .
British comic book artist Steve Dillon , best known for his work on Preacher and the Punisher , has died aged 55 .
The Conservative Party is in danger of falling apart again .
A sex offender who boasted on social media about raping a baby and abusing children has been jailed .
Scientists in Japan have developed a way to fluoresce cancerous tissue in 3D to help them understand how the disease spreads .
A dog - friendly restaurant in Australia has opened its doors to dogs for the first time .
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned following the club 's relegation from the National League .
One of the UK 's largest tour operators is to stop offering trips to traditional zoos , saying they are " relics of the past " .
A man has pleaded not guilty to causing the death of a 15-year - old girl in a two - car crash in Gwynedd .
More than two - thirds of school children in the UK are sleep - deprived , according to a new study .
Fidel Castro , the leader of Cuba , and the Queen , the world 's longest - reigning monarch , are celebrating their 90th birthdays .
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the One - Day Cup final after beating Surrey in the semi - finals at Twickenham .
Barcelona defender Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season .
GDF Suez and BP have announced the discovery of an oil discovery in the Central North Sea .
John McGinn says Hibernian are determined to get back to winning ways as they bid to avoid relegation from the Championship .
The Conservatives have retained all but one of their seats in Dorset in the general election .
It is a story that could shape the future of the UK for decades to come .
Nottingham Forest director of football Les Collymore has withdrawn his interest in becoming the club 's new chairman .
Islamic State ( IS ) militants have blown up an ancient Assyrian monastery in Iraq , according to satellite images obtained by the Associated Press .
Josh Disley 's late goal gave Forest Green Rovers victory over Grimsby Town to move them up to second in League Two .
Rory Burns ' record - breaking innings of 219 not out helped Surrey draw with Hampshire in a thrilling draw .
A US aircraft carrier that President Donald Trump said was heading to North Korea has failed to arrive in the region , the US military says .
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany will miss the rest of the season after suffering a thigh injury .
A fountain in a Berkshire town is to be filled with water for the first time since the hosepipe ban came into effect in April .
Northern Ireland striker Steven Paterson says his side are still to blame for their 2 - 0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan in Baku .
Malaysia has strongly criticised Switzerland after the country 's top prosecutor said " serious indications " that billions of dollars may have been stolen from a state fund .
A new portrait of Mozart has been painted and projected on to buildings around Newcastle and Gateshead to highlight the composer 's " dark side " .
Police searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago in a North Lanarkshire canal say they have identified five new areas of interest .
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull said it was " surreal " to win his first Olympic gold medal as Team GB beat Australia in the men 's team pursuit .
Astronomers have discovered the first Jupiter - like planet outside our Solar System .
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala , police say .
The UN envoy to Syria , Staffan de Mistura , has announced the resumption of talks on a political solution to the conflict in the country on Monday .
The funeral of a " true club legend " who played for Barnsley for more than 50 years has taken place .
The number of empty shops in Scotland 's towns and cities has improved over the last three years , according to a study .
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with a stabbing at a hotel in County Antrim .
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit , with both parties accusing each other of " grandstanding " over the issue .
Talks aimed at forming a minority government in the Republic of Ireland are due to resume in Dublin later .
The extinction of some of the UK 's most threatened butterfly species could begin as early as 2050 , according to a new study .
North Korean leader Kim Jong - un has said his country has the " sure capability " to attack the US in the Pacific , after it successfully tested a new ballistic missile .
An Australian man who helped seven men travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group has said he is " really , really sorry " for what he did .
MPs are to debate whether US presidential hopeful Donald Trump should be banned from entering the UK .
A boy has been mauled to death by a crocodile while swimming in a national park in northern Australia .
Prisoners in England and Wales are not getting the mental health support they need to help them cope with life in jail , charities have warned .
The number of patients who failed to turn up for hospital appointments in Scotland in 2014/15 was the highest on record , according to new figures .
Goalkeeper Gemma Fay says it would be the " most special moment " of her career if Scotland qualify for their first major championship .
In the past year , several African governments have passed or proposed stringent laws to fight cyber crime and cyber - bullying .
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil and stored and lost exam papers has been struck off .
All original interview notes for four men who were cleared of murdering a police officer in Londonderry more than 40 years ago have gone missing .
A team of scientists from the University of Aberdeen in the UK are planning to drill down to the deepest part of the earth .
A US artist whose work was inspired by the Sound of Sleat is to be celebrated at Skye College in Skye .
As a mother of two , Emma Black was used to running with her children in the park .
If he could design an industrial strategy for the UK , Lord Heseltine says it would start in primary schools .
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be " neutral " when his side play Australia at Twickenham on Saturday in a game that could decide their World Cup fate .
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge have visited a garden created in memory of their mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , in London .
Kyle Wootton scored a late equaliser to earn Scunthorpe a draw against Port Vale .
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people it says it has banned from entering the country , including former British intelligence chiefs and senior politicians .
Shakespeare 's Richard III will be performed at Leicester Cathedral in July , despite criticism from a group opposed to the play being staged near the king 's grave .
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says Fernando Llorente 's aerial skills are better than the likes of John Terry and Sergio Ramos .
Warwickshire seam bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the Bears .
The family of a teenager who died in a crash have described her as a " beautiful , talented , loving daughter and sister " .
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has risen sharply and the number of suicides and self - inflicted deaths has risen , figures show .
Sweden 's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson , who was kidnapped in Mali in 2013 , has been released by al - Qaeda - linked militants .
Some " tough decisions " will have to be made in the first year of the Welsh Government if Labour wins power , First Minister Carwyn Jones has said .
Wrexham - based scientists have developed a device that could help footballers recover from head injuries .
A man has been shot dead and another wounded by police in the US city of Ferguson , Missouri , a year after the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown .
The EU has called on Russia to stop " provoking " Georgia by extending its administrative border with South Ossetia .
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the Wuhan Open in the first round by American Lauren Davis .
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car in Fife .
Dame Barbara Windsor is to be portrayed by Sam Spiro and Jaime Winstone by two young actresses in a BBC One drama about her life .
A former Bolivian air traffic control officer has said she tried to stop a plane crash that killed most of a Brazilian football team in November .
Salmon sales in the first three months of the year helped to boost UK food and drink exports , according to the Food and Drink Federation ( FDF ) .
Two young Irish rugby players who were denied the chance to play the sport they love because of their eyesight have had their ban overturned .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on the last trading day of 2015 as oil prices fell below $ 40 a barrel for the first time since June 2014 .
A woman who appeared on the BBC as an expert on the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has appeared in court in South Africa charged with fraud .
The Australian Border Force has arrested two men suspected of involvement in a petrol bomb attack on Christmas Island 's immigration detention centre .
Guy Ritchie 's remake of The Man From U.N.C.L.E is to star Richard Grant , according to reports .
Cardiff City striker Kenneth Zohore scored a last - minute winner to give Neil Warnock his first win as Cardiff City manager as they beat Burton Albion .
A 79-year - old man has died after falling into the River Leith in Edinburgh .
A man has been shot dead outside a barber 's shop in Liverpool in the latest in a series of shootings in the city .
A Pembrokeshire man has admitted sexually assaulting a woman and attempting to kill himself in court .
A greyhound has been found dead in Lancashire with its right ear cut off .
Dumfries and Galloway 's Doonhamers were celebrating the return of one of their own to the town in the early 1870s .
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed " inexperience in sub - continent conditions " in their defeat by Bangladesh in the first Test in Dhaka .
A senior councillor and ex - cabinet member have been accused of misconduct over the sale of council property , a report has found .
A former SAS soldier has been jailed after he was caught with a number of guns and ammunition at his home .
Scotland 's local authorities are ready to take in thousands of Syrian refugees , according to the Scottish Councils Association ( Cosla ) .
George Osborne is to seek German support for the UK 's EU reform plans as he visits Berlin later .
France 's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia for his Cannondale - Drapac team on Wednesday to take the overall lead .
It 's that time of year when you 're trying to decide which presents to buy for your family and which ones to give away .
A fire in Monmouthshire believed to have been deliberately set is being investigated by police .
Scientists have released new images of an asteroid called 2004 BL86 that has passed by the Earth .
Virgin Media has admitted that it " misrepresented " the number of premises connected to its Project Lightning broadband scheme .
Great Britain 's James Guy and Rebecca Tutton won bronze medals on day two of the Olympic swimming at Rio 2016 , as the men 's and women 's breaststroke events got under way .
Rugby union is one of the most popular sports in the UK , but it can be dangerous .
( Close ) : The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and held interest rates .
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for assaulting his girlfriend and breaking into her flat .
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year - old boy on Facebook before raping and sexually assaulting him has been jailed for 12 years .
A police watchdog has backed the use of force by officers during the arrest of five men suspected of robbing a McDonald 's restaurant in Carnoustie .
Police in Germany have charged seven migrants over the attempted murder of a Polish man who was set on fire in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day .
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father would have been " ecstatic " at his side 's progress at Euro 2016 .
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset is not just a major economic project for the UK , it is also a major investment for China .
A charity in Australia has asked the public to help save the lives of animals injured in bushfires .
Oscar - winning actor Michael B Jordan is to star in the upcoming Black Panther film alongside Oscar - winning actress Lupita Nyong'o .
Thousands of teenagers have started the Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor .
A report into the sale of Nama 's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio is to be published later .
The new Queensferry Crossing could open by May 2017 , six months earlier than previously planned .
More than half of children ( 45 % ) check their mobile phones at night while they should be sleeping , a survey suggests .
Estonia , one of the three Baltic states in the north - east of the European Union , is a small country with a unique culture and language .
The US hunter who shot and killed a lion in Zimbabwe has been arrested for murder .
Kenya 's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the presidential election result in the Supreme Court .
A campaign has been launched to get Parliament to debate whether the death penalty should be reinstated in the UK .
Laura Muir broke the Scottish 1500 m record for the first time with a second - place finish in the Stockholm Diamond League meeting .
The UK 's richest man , Li - Ka Shing , has said he is in exclusive talks to buy O2 from Spain 's Telefonica for £ 5.3bn .
Singer Phil Collins has postponed two concerts in London after he was injured in a fall at his first show in 10 years .
Fines for data breaches in the UK are set to more than treble in the next year , according to research by PwC.
The result of the UK 's referendum on whether to remain in the European Union has sent shockwaves around the world .
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his players are not intimidated by the prospect of facing Maribor in their Europa League qualifier .
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester 3 - 2 at Chester .
A discount bus pass scheme for teenagers will be extended after the Welsh Government made a U - turn over its decision to end it .
In the days after President Donald Trump 's sacking of James Comey as head of the FBI , the reaction in Washington was swift and furious .
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town midfielder Jordan Cole for an undisclosed fee .
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose sharply in 2015 , according to the UN 's latest report on the issue .
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is close to signing a new contract with the Premier League club .
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pay and conditions for teaching assistants in County Durham have resumed .
A transgender woman who is serving a jail sentence for assaulting a man has launched an appeal against her sentence .
Ten men from Brazil and Paraguay have been arrested in a raid on a cigarette factory in Birmingham .
Raffaele Sollecito , the Italian man at the centre of the murder trial of Amanda Knox and her British flatmate Meredith Kercher , has been freed by the Italian Supreme Court .
A US soldier has been awarded the US Army 's highest military honour , the Medal of Honor , for his actions during a battle in Afghanistan .
The States of Guernsey 's Department of Planning has launched a consultation on potential sites for development in the island .
Nursing homes in England are struggling to recruit enough nurses to cope with an ageing population , the care regulator has warned .
The UK 's largest energy supplier has been ordered to pay out £ 1.6 m in compensation after customers complained of " unacceptable levels of service " .
A Viking weir discovered on the south coast of England has been identified as one of the oldest in the UK .
All frontline staff on Britain 's rail network should be given specialist training to help prevent suicides , the government says .
Fifa has asked Real Madrid for information on 51 players it believes may have broken transfer rules in the wake of Barcelona 's ban .
A 12-year - old boy who died after being found with head injuries in his bedroom had told a classmate he felt " unsafe " at school , an inquest heard .
The Shroud of Turin , one of the world 's most famous religious artefacts , has opened to the public for the first time since 2010 .
Mebyon Kernow will not stand in the general election on 8 June , it has announced .
A man has been seriously injured in two separate assaults in Londonderry .
Russia 's ambassador to Poland , Alexei Andreyev , has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two .
Ahead of the release of All Saints ' first new album in 19 years , the band reflect on the " difficult " times they spent in the music industry , and the " stroppy cows " they were called .
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says he is confident that the Trans - Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal will be reached in the coming days .
Two people have been found dead at a house in Sheffield .
Mauritius police have arrested the goalkeeper of the national football team , Mohamed Leopold , on suspicion of drug dealing .
The government is to limit the number of non - Europeans who can settle in the UK to those earning £ 35,000 a year .
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a seaside village in southern Italy after a wildfire broke out on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius .
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with Pope Francis and the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches about changing the date of Easter .
Partick Thistle 's Steven Lawless has signed a new two - year contract with the club .
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford has praised Luke Rowe 's " incredible " effort in helping Chris Froome win the Tour de France .
The owner of Arsenal Football Club , Stan Kroenke , has ordered a hunting TV channel to remove content that shows trophy hunting .
Doncaster missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were held to a thrilling draw at Stevenage .
Ulster 's Rory Best says it would be a " massive honour " to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland captain .
A 25-year - old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after being arrested at Heathrow Airport .
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says he realised there was " no long - term future " for the club on the site of their Priestfield stadium when he was in charge in 1995 .
Legislation to tackle cyber - bullying is needed to protect children and young people in Wales , the children 's commissioner for Wales has said .
Cambridge United have signed defender David Keane on a one - month loan deal from Cambridge United .
Scunthorpe United manager Graeme Swann has urged fans to " do not panic " after a run of poor results .
Mountain rescue volunteers have called for " serious consideration " to be given to the way Snowdonia 's summit is managed after an increase in callouts .
A group of Kenyans who say they were tortured and killed by British troops during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s are suing the UK government for damages .
The son of Johnny Cash , John Carter Cash , has announced the release of an unreleased album by the late singer .
Boris Johnson has said he sees " no reason " why the UK should pay the EU large amounts of money to stay in the single market after Brexit .
Hearts have signed Poland international defender Tomasz Grzelak on a two - year deal .
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about life in space .
Great Britain 's men 's wheelchair hockey team have failed to qualify for the 2018 Winter Paralympics .
A British student has been jailed for five years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine with intent to distribute , after being found guilty of drug trafficking .
" Fast broadband to every home and business that wants it . "
A 24-year - old man has appeared in court charged in connection with a bomb alert at a London Underground station .
The world 's oceans are becoming more acidic than at any time in the geological record , according to a new report .
Cadbury , the UK 's biggest chocolate maker , is to drop Fairtrade certification from all of its chocolate products .
Citizens Advice is calling for a three - month time limit for energy suppliers to stop back - billing customers for energy used more than 12 months ago .
Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a two - car crash in Powys .
Gigi Hadid is " the epitome of perfection " , Tommy Hilfiger has said , after he was accused of saying she was not thin enough .
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new head coach .
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Partick Thistle beat Ayr United to move up to second in Scottish League One .
The Baftas are over and it 's time for the big awards , with La La Land topping the list of winners at this year 's ceremony .
The Supreme Court has ruled that legal fees for discrimination cases in England and Wales should be scrapped .
A 16-year - old boy has been arrested by police investigating a suspected drugs offence in County Antrim .
On the eve of the London 2012 Olympics , David Fearon was ready to give up on athletics .
A BBC journalist was subjected to " poor management and corruption " at the corporation , a tribunal has heard .
A new distillery in the Borders has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than 20 years .
Republican front - runner Donald Trump and his rivals for the party 's presidential nomination have traded insults in a heated debate in Florida ahead of next week 's contests .
Singer Charlotte Church has lost a baby girl .
In the heart of the midlands of the Republic of Ireland , a town that was once the centre of the Celtic Tiger boom is starting to recover .
Health Secretary Shona Robison has confirmed an independent expert will examine the independent review of mesh implant surgery .
A six - year - old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father revealed he had undergone the procedure 20 years ago has returned to school .
Kirsty Ward scored a hat - trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 4 - 0 to record their first win of the Women 's Euro 2017 qualifiers .
After seeing the Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield performing with his guitar or Scott Kelly of Nasa doing airborne somersaults , it is easy to forget that the International Space Station ( ISS ) is a place for science .
Pakistan has summoned a senior US diplomat in protest after a US drone strike killed at least 11 people in the north of the country .
Teachers in England and Wales need a pay rise if they are to attract and retain top talent , six teaching unions have said .
Mark McGhee says he would be " amazed " if Gordon Strachan is not sacked as Scotland manager .
England manager Roy Hodgson says he will not pick striker Andy Carroll on the basis of his Premier League goalscoring record .
The National Deaf Children 's Society has said it is " deeply concerned " by government plans to cut support for disabled students .
Two accountants who handed the wrong envelope to the wrong winners at the Oscars on Sunday have been given police protection , according to reports .
A court in the German city of Dresden has begun the trial of a group accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks against asylum seekers and left - wing groups .
The first of 250 Tube stations in London are set to close as part of plans to cut the number of ticket office jobs .
Northern Ireland 's hotel industry has been urged to come up with a strategy to help boost the economy .
People are struggling to name their local councillors ahead of May 's council elections , research suggests .
The head of the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire has written to Prime Minister Theresa May to set out his vision for the inquiry .
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the party 's long - standing commitment to public ownership in its constitution .
Malala Yousafzai has said she will " never forget " the more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped by Islamist militants in April 2014 .
A man who raped a woman in Aberdeenshire more than 10 years ago is on a most - wanted list of sex offenders in the Netherlands .
Global temperatures will rise by at least 1.5 degrees above pre - industrial levels by the end of the century , according to new research .
The first trams have run on Nottingham 's new tram network for the first time in more than two years .
Labour has defended its plan to balance the government 's books by 2017 - 18 , as the two parties clashed over how to reduce the deficit .
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused as a child by a man accused of being part of a child sex ring in South Yorkshire .
Alastair Cook hit a half - century for Essex on a rain - affected first day against Worcestershire at New Road .
Mashkel is one of the most remote and remote towns in Pakistan 's Balochistan province , which was hit by Tuesday 's earthquake .
President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the George W Bush administration as the next head of the FBI .
Lawyers for RTÉ and the Irish Times have asked the High Court in Dublin to throw out an injunction against a planned broadcast by the broadcaster about the Republic of Ireland 's richest man .
Kenya 's Conseslus Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women 's 5,000 m as Olympic champion Almaz Almaz was beaten to the title in Rio .
David Cameron has defended the government 's record on tax as he faced questions at Prime Minister 's Questions about how it is tackling tax evasion .
St Peter 's College Londonderry will contest the Hogan Cup final for the first time since 1993 after beating St Mary 's College Monaghan 2 - 13 to 2 - 11 in the semi - final .
More than 332 acres of land have been burnt by wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of May.
A man who admitted downloading and viewing child pornography has been spared jail .
The High Court in the Republic of Ireland has ruled that a judge did not intend to interfere with comments made by a TD in the Dáil ( parliament ) about the personal finances of the former Anglo Irish Bank boss .
Councils in England and Wales are preparing to raise council tax for the first time in more than a decade , a survey suggests .
The number of insects in the UK could be heading for extinction , a conservation charity has warned .
A father and son accused of murdering a man in the Republic of Ireland have appeared in court in Dublin charged with murder .
Oban Camanachd will face Kilmallie in the semi - finals of the Scottish League Cup after a 3 - 1 win at home to MacCuish .
Three teenagers are being sought by police investigating the disappearance of a missing airman .
Nato says its forces in Afghanistan have liberated more than 30 prisoners from the Taliban during a raid in southern Afghanistan .
A man has been jailed for 18 months for using his mobile phone to take indecent images of women in public places .
The DUP 's former special adviser to Arlene Foster , Peter Robinson , has said his father - in - law applied for a green energy scheme before he was married .
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to seven points after a last - gasp goal from Scott Swankie saw off Cowdenbeath .
A man has been cleared of raping a student who took her own life .
Jessica Ennis - Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after the second day of the heptathlon at the Gotzis Hypo - Meeting in Germany .
Thousands of people have marched across the US to demand President Donald Trump release his tax returns as part of a day of protests against the president .
The proportion of women having a Caesarean section in the UK is much higher than in other European Union countries , a study suggests .
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past week .
A former Liverpool fan has told the Hillsborough inquests that a police officer tried to make him change his statement about the death of a Liverpool fan .
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show crash after three weeks of recovery work .
Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed that HMS Ocean will be scrapped as part of plans to reduce the UK 's aircraft carrier fleet .
Hundreds of people have protested outside Liverpool City Council 's headquarters in a bid to stop it setting an illegal budget .
Reading midfielder Jurgen Rakels has joined Polish side Lech Poznan on a season - long loan deal .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in west Belfast .
An appeal has been launched to restore a fountain in memory of seven World War Two Czechoslovak parachutists who carried out a daring mission to assassinate a Nazi leader .
Plans to build a new railway station in Reading to ease traffic problems caused by football fans travelling to and from the city 's stadium have been approved .
Tyrrell Hatton says he is " really happy " with his second - place finish at the Scottish Open , a result that secured him the biggest payday of his career .
Two women have been taken to hospital with smoke inhalation after entering a house fire in Bournemouth .
The University of Aberdeen has become the first university in the UK to offer a degree in Urdu .
A campaign has been launched to save the clock tower at a fire - damaged former mill site .
Wigan Warriors half - back Justin Flower has been banned for two games after being sent off for an elbow to the head of Catalans Dragons ' Joe Wardle in their Super League game on Saturday .
Renault has told Formula 1 authorities that it will no longer provide engine power next year .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been banned for four games and fined £ 10,000 by the Football Association after being sent off in the draw with Burnley .
Ayr United moved back into the Championship play - off places with victory at Dunfermline Athletic .
Nigerian Agriculture Minister Akinwunmi Adesina has been awarded this year 's World Food Prize for his work in rural Africa .
The owners of a guest house have been fined more than £ 10,000 after a man fell from a balcony while on holiday .
Former Ireland international rugby player David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife .
The body of a man has been found on the shoreline at St Fergus in Moray .
Charli XCX says she wants to " take over the world " .
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the 2013 National Critics Book Prize for her novel Americanah .
Chelsea have won their second Premier League title in a row .
Prue Leith is to step down as a judge on Great British Menu after 11 series .
A settlement offer has been made in a long - running row over plans for a new mosque in Dudley .
Rafael Nadal 's Real Madrid team have described as " unjustifiable and unacceptable " claims by a former French government minister that he may have tested positive for doping .
Vigilante paedophile hunters should not be involved in child sex offences , Kent Police has said .
A German court in Chile has found a former member of a secretive religious sect that ran a slave colony in the 1960s guilty of human rights abuses .
It 's been a busy 12 months for the England women 's cricket team .
A bridge has collapsed in the western Indian state of Goa , killing at least 11 people and injuring at least 20 others .
Barnsley and Preston both missed the chance to move into the Championship play - off places after a goalless draw at Oakwell .
Exam watchdog Ofqual has been accused of failing to meet its own rules on the way GCSEs are graded , according to a report .
The Public Prosecution Service ( PPS ) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills murders .
Northern Ireland 's four - time Olympic cycling medallist Elinor Houvenaghel has retired from the sport after the Commonwealth Games .
Nigerian rower Chierika Ukogu may have missed out on a medal at the Rio Olympics , but that did not stop US rapper Snoop Dogg jumping to her defence .
S4C has appointed Neil Evans as its new chief executive .
The trial of an Irish teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than three years has been adjourned until August .
Voting is due to begin at Fifa 's annual congress in Zurich on Friday to elect Sepp Blatter 's successor as president .
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi - finals for the first time since 1986 with a 2 - 1 win over Democratic Republic of Congo .
The Football Association ( FA ) is the organisation that runs football in England .
Plans for a major redevelopment of a former seaside resort in Cornwall have been given the go - ahead .
Qatar must take " urgent action " to stop the country hosting the 2022 World Cup from being " built on forced labour and exploitation " , says Amnesty International .
Four people have appeared in court charged with disposing or concealing Becky Watts ' body parts .
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have their Christmas lights switched on this year because of budget cuts .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has urged countries to take urgent action to avoid a global economic slowdown .
A singer - songwriter has been reunited with the grave of his great great grandfather , who inspired the lyrics to his song Dora .
The Crown Prosecution Service has said it will not bring charges against the Cheshire Forest Hunt over a " horrific " hunt .
Swedish retailer H&M is to open its first High Street store in London as part of a plan to launch a new brand in the UK .
As the centenary of Operation Dynamo , the evacuation of Dunkirk by the British Expeditionary Force from the beaches of France during World War Two , is marked , the BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire looks at the experiences of some of those involved .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and writer Farai Sevenzo considers whether artists are free to tell their stories .
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office as the first high wind warning of the season for parts of Scotland .
Atletico Madrid ended Valencia 's seven - match unbeaten run in La Liga as Gary Neville 's side were beaten at the Mestalla .
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation , which was signed by the leaders of the Easter Rising , has been sold at auction in Dublin for £ 20,000 .
Charlton produced a stunning second - half comeback to beat 10-man Bolton and boost their play - off hopes .
A 17th Century painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after a campaign to save it raised more than £ 1 m .
Elton John has called a steward " Hitler " during a row over crowd control at a concert .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a pub in Gwynedd .
Relatives of those who died in the Glasgow helicopter crash have said there is " no resolution " to the tragedy .
England 's Luke Donald has been named as the new host of next year 's British Masters at The Grove in Birmingham .
MSPs on a Holyrood committee have backed plans to allow same - sex marriage in Scotland .
Iraq 's parliament has passed a package of reforms aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed .
Great Britain 's women beat Argentina 3 - 2 in their opening match at the World League semi - finals to go top of Group B.
Press commentators across Europe have been reacting to the French and Greek elections , which have thrown the European Union into crisis .
Middlesex 's Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries as Yorkshire struggled on day one at Lord 's .
Roma will temporarily close part of their Stadio Olimpico ground for one game next season after fans sang racist songs about striker Mario Balotelli .
Joba Rani 's crops were destroyed by the recent floods in her village in Bangladesh and she had to sell three cows to pay back her microfinance loan .
A Texas police officer who shot and killed a teenager who was in a car full of teenagers has been fired .
Jockey James Best won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Glorious Goodwood for the second year running .
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey .
The BBC does not get a " fair bang for its buck " for its investment in the Midlands , MPs have said in a debate on the future of the broadcaster .
The Wickerman Festival has announced the opening of a new stage at this year 's event , which will be home to the Scottish rock band The 1975 .
UK workers are " mucus troopers " who attend work when they are ill because they fear their workload will pile up , a survey suggests .
Six men have been charged in connection with a series of sex attacks in Sheffield .
UKIP has a " very good chance " of winning more seats at next year 's assembly election , its Welsh leader has said .
Russia 's foreign ministry spokeswoman has suggested that Jews in New York helped Donald Trump win the US presidential election .
The family of a man killed in a hit - and - run crash in Greater Manchester has called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers .
Rafael Nadal fought back from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter - finals .
The fact that a woman was on the phone at the time of the Manchester attack probably saved her life , her husband has said .
Rangers beat Celtic 5 - 4 on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final after a thrilling Old Firm derby at Hampden .
Olympic boxing is a strange beast .
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal , one of the world 's poorest countries .
Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkara hit a century on his home debut as his side made a strong start against Gloucestershire on day one at The Oval .
Algeria have confirmed the signing of France Under-21 striker Karim Benzia .
Former Al Ahli boss Michael O'Leary has been awarded £ 1.5 m in damages by Fifa after claiming he was unlawfully sacked by the club .
Argentina 's government has proposed tougher penalties for people who attack teachers , in a bid to tackle rising levels of violence against them .
Cornwall director of rugby Steve Dawe hopes Twickenham 's Millennium Stadium will remain the home of the County Championship .
Bristol City Under-23s duo Jake Clarke - Salter and Kodi Skacel have joined Guernsey FC on loan for a month .
Tributes have been paid to British MP Jo Cox , who has been killed in an assassination attempt in her constituency .
Liam Boyce scored a hat - trick as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Two brothers who tortured two young boys and forced them to eat nettles have been granted lifelong anonymity .
A passenger train has derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , killing at least 40 people and injuring more than 100 others .
The Met Office has issued a yellow " be aware " wind warning for Northern Ireland with gusts of up to 150km / hr in exposed areas .
Greek shares have fallen sharply after talks between Athens and its international creditors broke up without a deal being reached .
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton & Hove Albion assistant manager Colin Calderwood as their new head coach .
A former teacher at a Cardiff mosque has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing girls .
Chancellor George Osborne has been " not quite as austere " as some of his critics suggest , the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said .
Infection - related cancers are one of the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide , a study suggests .
A row has broken out over the future of a modernist building at Durham University .
Tesla has said it will increase production of its Model 3 car five - fold over the next two years as demand for electric vehicles continues to rise .
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff .
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family forced to leave their homes after a landslip caused by heavy rain .
A man has appeared in court charged with two counts of attempted murder .
A doctor who was called to Prince 's Paisley Park home the day before he died was unable to get to Minnesota in time to help the singer , his lawyer has said .
The deadly attack on a luxury hotel in Burkina Faso 's capital , Ouagadougou , in which at least 20 people have been killed and more than 50 injured is the deadliest in the country 's history .
A man has died after being shot by police during an incident in Hull .
Huawei has filed legal papers in the US and China accusing Samsung of infringing its patents .
BBC Newsnight has been following the migrant crisis in Calais since the start of the year .
A 15-year - old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in west London .
Theo Walcott scored a late equaliser as Arsenal came from behind to draw with Manchester United at Old Trafford .
Aberdeen have signed striker Stevie May from Preston North End on a four - year contract for an undisclosed fee .
Up to 1,000 jobs are to be lost at a chemical plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff .
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Anna Lindahl has signed a new two - year contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
From nightclubs to sports grounds to television studios , it seems almost everyone 's had a dip at doing the dab .
Pokemon Go players have been warned to stay away from a hospital 's A&E department if they want to play the game .
Harry Potter actor David Bradley is to play William Hartnell in a new Doctor Who drama , the BBC has announced .
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized in Surrey .
A man has been found guilty of attempting to rob a convenience store after he was spotted on CCTV by a shop worker .
If your child goes to school in a borough where none of the schools offer A - levels and the last school in the area is planning to shut down its sixth form , what would you do ?
Ricky Burns lost his IBF featherweight title to Julius Indongo on a unanimous points decision at the Hydro in Glasgow .
A man has been charged with murder after a student was found dead in a burning car .
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man they accused of being a witch .
A Russian military jet has been shot down by Turkish jets near the border with Syria , Russian officials say .
The US is going to ban laptops and tablets from cabin baggage on all flights to and from Europe .
Ethan Ebanks - Landell scored the only goal as Sheffield United beat 10-man Bury at Bramall Lane .
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels and Paris terror attacks have shown that " fear is a normal human reaction " .
Plans for a McDonald 's restaurant in a Gloucestershire village have been approved by a planning inspector .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the World Bank are two of the world 's largest international organisations .
Gareth Southgate has a " good opportunity " to prove he is the right man to be England manager , says Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger .
The mother of a teenager who took her own life has said she is " appalled " a council has refused to disclose the full report into her case .
Stoke City have signed midfielder Eric Choupo - Moting from German club Schalke for an undisclosed fee on a four - year deal .
Fifa has passed new anti - racism rules that will see a minimum five - match ban for anyone who commits a racist offence .
Jodie Taylor scored the only goal of the game as England beat the Netherlands in their final warm - up match before Euro 2017 .
Bayern Munich thrashed Russian side Rostov to move top of Champions League Group D and set up a last-16 tie against Barcelona .
A Christian - run bakery that refused to make a cake with a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad on it has told a court it could face legal action .
An 86-year - old woman who was robbed at knifepoint at a supermarket in Greater Manchester hit the would - be thief over the head with a bacon roll .
US actress Carrie Fisher is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack on a plane , her brother has said .
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of promising tax cuts for the wealthy while putting parents and social workers " in the firing line " of cuts to public spending .
A Singaporean couple who staged a coffin - themed wedding photo shoot in a waterway park to " debunk the taboo " of death have been praised for their " unique approach " .
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Armagh .
A prison criticised for its high levels of violence and violence has been told to improve by inspectors .
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the siege at the cafe where two women were killed by a gunman .
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a turkey farm in Boston , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) has said .
Sri Lanka 's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that restoring the country 's mangrove forests will be the start of a long - term effort to sustain the forests .
Google has released the first draft of the next version of its Android operating system ( OS ) , which aims to make it more widely used on smartphones .
Police in the US state of Michigan have charged a man with killing a referee who was punched during a youth football game .
Two men have been given suspended prison sentences after thousands of tyres were found dumped on the shoreline of Lough Foyle .
People on benefits in Scotland are " living in constant anxiety " about changes to their entitlements , according to a study .
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria 's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Saturday because of injury .
The use of fireworks in back gardens is " rubbish " and should be banned , an MP has said .
Edinburgh has been chosen as the host city for the 2017 European Champions Cup final .
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to sell its stockbroking business to rival Brewin Dolphin , as part of a plan to expand its savings business .
Brussels is returning to normal life for the first time since Friday 's deadly attacks in the French capital Paris .
The trial of one of the most powerful clan leaders in the Philippines has begun in the capital , Manila .
The search for the bodies of two winchmen and a pilot who went missing after a helicopter crashed off the coast of County Mayo has resumed .
A man has been charged in the US state of Michigan after a student with a severe peanut allergy was allegedly forced to eat peanut butter .
A hospital trust has been rated as " inadequate " by the health watchdog after inspectors found a number of failings .
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Stafford to protest against the possible closure of the town 's hospital .
A Pembrokeshire town 's paddling pool has been saved from closure after a community appeal .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has called on China to allow the value of its currency , the yuan , to rise to its highest level since 2009 .
Hartlepool United 's Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Bristol have appointed Mark Tainton as acting head coach with immediate effect after suspension of head coach Karl Robinson .
A car driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his vehicle after it was spotted by police .
A man accused of murdering an elderly motorist after a car crash had been diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome , a court heard .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising .
The Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has called for all parties supporting a united Ireland to discuss how best to achieve this .
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill said he was happy with his side 's performance in their 2 - 2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin .
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Chris Weston following his release by Bury .
South West Trains passengers were forced to get off their trains after a signalling fault left them stranded for more than four hours .
Regular exercise can boost the size of an area of the brain that protects memory in later life , a study suggests .
Diageo , the world 's biggest distiller of spirits , has reported flat comparable sales for the financial year to the end of March , despite a rise in profits .
Two teenagers who stole a vicar 's car in a " shocking " carjacking have been sentenced .
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor , Barack Obama , of " choked " when it came to dealing with Russia 's alleged interference in the US election .
Eilish Kirk - Smith and Ciara Mitchell were among the winners at the Santry meeting on Saturday as they both qualified for Sunday 's 1500 m final .
Two European eels have been found in a river for the first time in years , in a sign that fish passes are helping to boost numbers .
When Sebastian Vettel takes to the track at Interlagos in Brazil this weekend , he will be aiming to become the first German to win a grand prix in the country 's history .
A 21-year - old man who was shot dead by police in Bedfordshire died from a gunshot wound to the chest , a post - mortem examination has found .
Northern Ireland footballer Michael McCourt has revealed that he pulled out of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour .
Nato countries must " shame " each other into increasing defence spending , Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said .
The National Assembly for Wales should be renamed the Welsh Parliament , AMs are to be told .
In Brilon , a small town in northern Germany , a brass band is playing the German national anthem as Angela Merkel makes her way through the town centre on Sunday .
A Holiday Inn hotel in Aberdeen has been sold for £ 17.7 m to an Aberdeen - based property firm .
Councillors in the East Midlands have backed plans for a new tram line from Nottingham to Derby , according to a document seen by the BBC .
Chuka Umunna has told the BBC there is " no glory in opposition " for Labour and the party will " betray its people " if it does not win power .
The chief executive of the Japanese advertising agency Dentsu has said he will resign after the death of a worker who took her own life because of overwork .
It has been a busy week for me .
A drugs expert has warned people not to take ecstasy pills with the ' superman ' logo on them after a spate of deaths .
Arriva Trains Wales drivers are to stage their second strike in less than a month , the RMT union has announced .
Andre Gray scored two late goals as Burnley moved to the top of the Championship with victory at struggling Bolton .
Coleraine rower Richard Cassells and Coleraine team - mate David Scrimgeour won gold in the men 's lightweight pair at the European Rowing Championships in Bern .
A woman whose body was found under rubble in the garden of her ex - husband 's house was murdered , a court has heard .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised former footballer Andy Woodward for his bravery in speaking out about being sexually abused as a child .
The French government says it has chosen a new ambassador to the Vatican , but the Vatican has yet to confirm the appointment .
Some GP surgeries in England could be " allowed to fail " , NHS chiefs have been warned , the BBC has learned .
Wales manager Chris Coleman says Euro 2016 is not the " end of the journey " for his players , despite their game against Russia being seen as the " be all and end all " of their campaign .
Guy Martin has pulled out of this weekend 's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod because of injury .
Burnley have signed Stoke City striker Jon Walters for an undisclosed fee believed to be about £ 10 m .
The BBC Women 's Footballer of the Year 2015 shortlist has been announced .
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday .
Shoppers in the UK are getting ready to spend thousands of pounds on Black Friday deals , with Tesco and John Lewis opening their stores at midnight .
A man who caused the deaths of two men in a head - on crash while being pursued by police has been jailed for 12 years .
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to detect a protein that is closely linked to Alzheimer 's disease .
Vigils have been held across the UK to mark the first anniversary of the murder of South African taxi driver Shrien Dewani .
A GP who punched a patient in the head after being called to a 999 call has been struck off .
A Northern Ireland health trust has agreed to pay £ 5.3 m in damages to the parents of a baby girl who was born with severe brain damage .
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton took a dominant victory in the Italian Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula 1 championship to 26 points .
A disabled man has called for council - run public toilets in Wales to be made legally binding as part of plans to tackle budget cuts .
A police officer who was seriously injured when he was stabbed in the head with a kitchen knife has been awarded the Queen 's Medal for bravery .
Six police officers are being investigated after a man 's fingers were severed while he was in custody , the police watchdog has said .
Northern Ireland 's fire , prison and police services are to get their own training facilities after a 10-year battle to build a joint college was abandoned .
Plans to close a hospital 's maternity unit in Oxfordshire if it fails to recruit enough doctors have been described as " terrifying " .
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has compared US President - elect Donald Trump to himself , saying they have " some obvious similarities " .
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on all sides in Northern Ireland to engage constructively in talks to restore power - sharing .
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has defended the paramilitary theme at her grandmother 's funeral after reports that shots were fired over her coffin .
Europe owes around 50 % of its genetic make - up to a mix of hunter - gatherers and farmers , according to a study of ancient DNA .
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found on the north Wales coast .
A Londonderry man who became known as " Santa 's Little Helpers " has died at the age of 91 .
The US Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) has been accused of playing a role in the overthrow of several African leaders over the past half - century .
When you 're a young football or rugby player , there are few things more nerve - wracking than the final round of a major .
The big question about the M4 Black Route is not whether it is a good idea or a bad idea , but whether it would be good for Wales .
West Indies will face Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 final after Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard starred as they thrashed Australia in a thrilling semi - final .
A mental health watchdog has expressed " serious concern " about the care of dementia patients at a hospital in Edinburgh .
Ospreys maintained their winning start to the Pro12 season with a hard - fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons on a muddy pitch at Rodney Parade .
A court in India has sentenced eight policemen to life in prison for the killing of 11 Sikh men in 1993 in a so - called fake encounter in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh .
Tributes have been paid to Dusty Rhodes , one of the biggest names in professional wrestling , who has died aged 74 .
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in Devon .
Dundee United and Rangers will meet in the Scottish Cup quarter - finals at Hampden Park on Saturday , 16 April .
Head teachers and college leaders are to be given two weeks of advice on how to prevent their pupils being drawn into extremism .
Eugene has defended its bid to host the 2021 World Athletics Championships , which was awarded to it without a bidding process .
A former reality TV star attacked a teenager in a supermarket aisle after she criticised his book on a literary website , a court heard .
Up to 20,000 Syrians displaced by the conflict in Syria have gathered at a border crossing with Turkey , the UN says , as the Syrian government advances towards the city of Aleppo .
Japanese - born author Yuko Yanagihara is favourite to win the £ 50,000 Man Booker Prize for Fiction for the second year in a row after being shortlisted alongside US author Tyler Tyler .
An Israeli policeman has been placed on leave after a video emerged showing him abusing a Palestinian lorry driver in Jerusalem .
The family of a boy scarred for life after he was mauled to death by a dog in Cardiff has been awarded £ 100,000 in compensation .
The UK 's nuclear regulator has moved to reduce the risk of a nuclear reactor breaching a key safety margin .
Unions have said it is " absurd " Ceredigion Council is planning to close its only residential home for the elderly .
Pope Francis has said he will allow priests in the US , Canada , Australia and New Zealand to forgive Catholics who have abortions .
Teachers in England and Wales were awarded more than £ 1.2 m in compensation last year for injuries suffered in the classroom , figures from a teaching union show .
A Londonderry mother - of - three is one of five recipients of the BBC 's Unsung Hero award .
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been fined for walking more than four dogs .
More and more allegations have emerged over the past few years about the conduct of undercover police officers who were deployed to infiltrate protest groups and gather information on campaigners .
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its carry - on luggage bins , which it says will reduce headroom for passengers .
The architect of Dundee 's new Dundee Museum of Art has said he is " very happy " with the progress being made on the project .
More than 100 bank branches have closed or are earmarked for closure in Scotland in the last year , according to new research .
Abdel - Moneim Kahraba scored twice in extra - time as Egypt beat Morocco to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter - finals in Gabon .
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned after the World Cup , the Brazilian Football Federation ( CBF ) has announced .
Gordon Aikman is doing cartwheels and handstands as he and a group of young gymnasts fly through the air .
Exeter Chiefs fought back from 19 - 5 down at half - time to beat Sale Sharks and move up to second in the Premiership .
Four rail companies have been shortlisted by the Welsh Government for the first time to bid to run a rail franchise .
Jeremy Corbyn 's time as Labour leader has seen him become one of the party 's most influential MPs , but who is he ?
A retired detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in 1986 .
Plans for a footbridge over the River Thames in London have been given the go - ahead .
Indonesia 's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.9 % in the final three months of 2016 , its slowest pace since 2009 , official figures show .
A university has opened its first campus on the Yorkshire coast .
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Crete have begun searching a second site .
International students from outside the UK spend more than £ 1bn in Scotland each year , according to accountancy firm PwC.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from French club Racing 92 for next season .
A 102-year - old doctor has won back the doctorate she was denied by the Nazis because of her Jewish ancestry .
Hackers may have been able to access payment card numbers for customers of sports memorabilia firm Topps , the firm has warned .
A second man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 15-year - old girl at a railway station .
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over changes to their pensions .
Ineos has said it is " one step closer " to restarting the KG ethylene cracker at its Grangemouth petrochemical plant .
Ivo Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic in straight sets to reach the semi - finals of the Madrid Open with a 6 - 3 6 - 4 victory .
The boss of Airbus in the UK , Fabrice Bregier , has said he is " very worried " about the implications of a UK vote to leave the EU .
Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has rejected claims that the party has " no chance " of winning a majority at the general election .
NHS trusts in England have been ranked in a league table of the best and worst in a series of measures to improve safety .
" I 'm going to kill a stranger , so do n't you be a stranger , " on No Reptiles .
Maria Sharapova 's return from a 15-month doping ban was a masterclass in the art of tennis .
Queen of the South have signed Motherwell winger Dom Thomas for an undisclosed fee and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson on loan until the end of the season .
Lego has ended its promotional agreement with the Daily Mail after criticism from a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate .
Gillingham have appointed Kevin Pennock as their new manager and appointed Graham Taylor as director of football .
A huge explosion has destroyed part of the historic citadel in the Syrian city of Aleppo .
Venezuela 's acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep the room where he was born as the " home " of late President Hugo Chavez .
The wife of a man killed in the Tunisia terror attack has said she hopes his legacy will help bring about " peace " .
The Duke of Edinburgh is to retire from royal duties in August .
For 29-year - old Gary McKinstry , the past six months have been an extraordinary journey .
Britain 's Andy Murray reached the quarter - finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight - set win over Canadian Vasek Pospisil .
Wigan Athletic have signed former Manchester United striker Adam Powell on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
The States of Guernsey spent more than £ 1.1 m on public relations and advertising in the past year , according to new figures .
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi will stand trial for tax fraud next year , a Spanish court has ruled .
Tanzania beat Kenya 2 - 1 to win the Women 's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday .
If , and when , they get married , same - sex couples in Australia could be in for a shock .
Britain 's Mark Cavendish is in a three - way tie for third place in the men 's team pursuit at the Rio Olympics after the first day of competition .
When Ed Miliband kissed Barbara Jones on the cheek at the Labour Party conference in Cardiff on Tuesday , he was given a standing ovation by the delegates .
Police in Australia are investigating seven Melbourne women who have travelled to Syria and Iraq to join Islamic State ( IS ) militants .
Asian markets were mixed on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and Japan .
An Asda store in Manchester is to turn off all its bells and whistles for an hour to help autistic shoppers .
Former Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says he " compromised too much " during his time in charge of the club and hopes Rafael Benitez will be given more control over the team under new boss Rafael Benitesz .
A number of dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field near a cricket club .
A 70-year - old man has died following a crash in Gwynedd .
Sterling has fallen below $ 1.30 against the dollar for the first time in more than 30 years after the UK voted to leave the EU .
What would happen if Qatar , the world 's richest country per capita , were to lose its water supply ?
Gawker Media has been ordered by a US court to pay $ 100,000 ( Â£75,000 ) to former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan for posting a sex tape of him on its website .
Physicists say they have made a new measurement of the shape of the electron with " very , very high precision " .
The E3 gaming show is taking place in Los Angeles , America , this week .
The remains of a ship that sank in the English Channel more than 250 years ago are to be explored for the first time .
A man has pleaded guilty to stealing a woman 's handbag after she fell to her death from a motorway bridge .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of teenager Paige Doherty .
Actor Ed Herrmann , best known for his role as grandfather Richard Gilmore in US TV series Gilmore Girls , has died at the age of 83 .
The family of a mother - of - two who was found stabbed to death in her home have paid tribute to a " devoted mum " .
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury believes professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a Greek businessman and his wife and their housekeeper in Washington DC , police say .
There were 14 red cards in the English Football League on Saturday , a new signing on loan for Bristol City and a goal drought for Derby County .
Ed Miliband has told business leaders that they would be " devastated " if Britain were to leave the European Union .
Power has been restored to more than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester which were left without electricity following flooding .
Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend in South Africa .
German carmaker Daimler has said it will fix software in its Mercedes - Benz cars in a bid to cut pollution , as part of an investigation into possible manipulation of emissions data .
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than € 2 m ( £ 1.5 m ) during raids in Dublin .
A council has said it is " unusual and unwelcome " for it to advise bidders on how to run a hospital 's fertility services .
A council has said it is " relieved " a naval base in Hampshire will not be among the first to close as part of a shake - up of defence sites .
The European Commission has announced an aid package to help Northern Ireland 's dairy industry , but there will be no increase in milk intervention prices .
Cornish Pirates director of rugby Steve Cattle says his side 's performance in their bonus - point win over Leinster in the European Challenge Cup was not good enough .
The Confederation of African Football ( Caf ) says it is investigating an incident in which Al Merreikh director of football Hatim Otogo - Castane appeared to strike a match official on the head .
Birmingham City booked their place in the Women 's FA Cup semi - finals with a hard - fought win over champions Chelsea .
At least 20 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital , Nairobi , police say .
Plans for a 1,000-home development in a village have been rejected by the government .
The results of the parliamentary elections in Iran have been announced and the results are in .
Wales lock Jake Ball says he is relishing the chance to make his Six Nations debut after an injury - hit autumn .
Alloa Athletic manager John Goodwin says taking himself out of the team to concentrate on his managerial duties has been the key to his side 's revival .
Denmark will face hosts England in the Women 's Euro 2017 final after beating Austria 3 - 0 on penalties after a goalless draw in the semi - finals .
New Zealand 's prime minister has said the death toll from Tuesday 's magnitude 6.8 earthquake in the city of Christchurch has risen to at least 90 .
Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga fighters have been exposed to mustard gas during an attack by Islamic State ( IS ) militants , Kurdish officials say .
Great Britain 's Davis Cup final against Belgium in Belgium will go ahead as planned next weekend , says the Belgian Tennis Federation .
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK 's " most serious breach of medicine control regime " in the EU .
Lewis Hamilton says he has been inspired by boxing legend Muhammad Ali as he tries to close the gap on Mercedes team - mate Nico Rosberg in the world championship .
The number of people killed in the shooting and bomb attacks in Norway 's capital Oslo and at a youth camp on an island off the island of Utoeya has risen to 11 .
Tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a car crash .
Thirty years ago this week , the ferry Zeebrugge left the port of Antwerp in Belgium for Dover .
YouTube star Connor Franta has come out as gay .
The Gleneagles Guesthouse in Southend has offered a free night in its " premier suite " to new TV presenter Michael O'Grady after he called the town a " shit hole " during an appearance on The Only Way Is Essex .
Former Wales captain Martyn Williams says Dan Biggar 's decision to sign a new four - year contract with the Ospreys will benefit the region .
Oil giant Shell has apologised in Malaysia after a series of adverts featuring a cardboard cutout of a female employee being sexually assaulted went viral .
French police are continuing to search for two men suspected of carrying out attacks in Paris and elsewhere in the country .
Tonight 's third reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill in the House of Commons is the big test of whether Labour and the government can reach an agreement on the legislation .
Israel says it has agreed to remove metal detectors at a holy site in Jerusalem that have been in place since last week .
Eleven airlines , including Air France - KLM and Lufthansa , have lost their appeal against fines imposed by the European Commission for allegedly breaking anti - trust rules .
The UK is going to vote on whether or not to stay in or leave the European Union .
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands this weekend following the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea .
One of the UK 's biggest rail operators is to add extra trains to Cardiff Central station .
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino 's return to the starting line - up has left " massive holes " in Tottenham 's and Leicester 's teams as Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy leave .
One of the most prominent members of an activist group fighting so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in Syria has been killed , the group says .
A man who tried to travel to Syria to join so - called Islamic State has been jailed for five years .
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Jamie Ward on a season - long loan deal .
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro has been re - elected for a third term in office .
UK scientists have created six different DNA- and RNA - like molecules in the lab that can communicate with their natural counterparts .
The first all - amputee team to row across the Atlantic Ocean have completed the Talisker Challenge .
Companies in the southern Indian city of Chennai ( Madras ) have declared a two - day holiday on Friday to allow employees to watch superstar Rajinikanth 's latest film .
Susie Wolff has been appointed Williams test driver for next season .
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the club 's takeover .
Ipswich ended MK Dons ' League One play - off hopes with victory at Portman Road , thanks to goals from Josh Revell and Tom Varney .
Angelina Jolie , Anna Wintour and Caitlyn Jenner have made the top 10 of the BBC 's 2015 Woman 's Hour Power List .
Paralympic champion Sarah Storey won a record - equalling 17th world title with victory in the women 's time trial at the Track Cycling World Championships .
The decision by President Donald Trump to pull the US out of the world 's biggest climate change deal was a blow to Rex Tillerson .
A sports journalist who was attacked outside a London Tube station is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a bleed on the brain .
A 40-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found at a house .
Brian O'Driscoll and Johnny Sexton have been named in Ireland 's starting XV for Sunday 's Test against New Zealand in Dublin .
Archaeologists working at Edinburgh Castle have uncovered what they believe to be the remains of defensive walling at the site .
An elderly Hindu religious leader in India has said that allowing women into a Hindu temple could lead to an increase in rape incidents .
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed the first female coach in American football 's National Football League ( NFL ) to work with their team .
Talks aimed at averting further strike action in the North Sea by workers at the Wood Group have ended without agreement .
China has held its annual National People 's Congress , one of the world 's largest political gatherings .
Wigan defender Ben Watson will not be out for as long as initially feared after breaking his leg in the 1 - 1 draw with Liverpool .
Rafael Benitez suffered his first home defeat as Chelsea manager as Southampton came from two goals down to draw at Stamford Bridge .
The chief executive of a health watchdog was suspended after he raised concerns about being " gagged " by its chair , BBC Wales has learned .
England 's remarkable victory over South Africa in the third Test at Edgbaston was a stunning achievement .
Photographs showing the aftermath of the Dambusters raids on two dams in Germany during World War Two have sold at auction .
A World War Two torpedo has been found during dredging work in Portsmouth Harbour .
A three - month - old baby girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being found abandoned in an alleyway in Dublin .
Tributes have been paid to Indian artist Gurmeet Ram Rahim Chand , who built a rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh using rubble from the city 's old buildings , has died at the age of 93 .
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from Test cricket .
Plans for a new main stand at Tynecastle have been approved by the Scottish government .
A man who shone a laser pen into the cockpit of a police helicopter over Glasgow has been jailed .
Malaysian Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller is to step down after less than a year in the job .
A former president of the Venezuelan Football Federation has pleaded guilty in a US court in connection with the Fifa corruption scandal .
Nigeria 's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon is the latest in a series of setbacks for the country 's football .
The distinctive Scots accent has been changing for at least 100 years , according to researchers .
Have you got a question about buying currency ?
US President Donald Trump has made a series of dramatic U - turns on key issues on his first day in office .
The number of tigers in the wild in Bangladesh 's Sunderbans forest has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years .
A five - year - old Celtic fan has called the club to apologise for missing his birthday party at the club 's stadium .
Police have appealed for a taxi driver who picked up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of an attempted kidnap to come forward .
Shrewsbury 's League One play - off hopes suffered a blow as they lost at home to Sheffield United .
India has the potential to become " one of the leading nations in chess boxing " , according to the World Chess Boxing Organisation .
The mother of a seven - year - old boy with special needs who was removed from mainstream schooling because he was not coping with it has said she is concerned that other families are being put in a similar situation .
Hollywood actress Vicky McClure has revealed she was thrown off a Nottingham tram after being mistaken for a passenger who had been offered a free ride .
The Scottish Football Association 's statement on Gordon Strachan 's future as Scotland manager has been met with a resounding silence .
Artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the fourth time .
Polish expats living in the UK are marking All Saints ' Day by cleaning up and lighting candles at the graves of their dead relatives .
David Cameron has said a joint UN resolution on Syria 's chemical weapons would be a " significant step forward " after Russia said it was ready to negotiate a deal with Damascus .
So - called Islamic State ( IS ) fighters have launched a major attack on pro - government forces in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al - Zour .
The European Court of Justice has ruled that EU nationals living in the UK should be guaranteed the right to stay after Brexit .
Police Scotland 's roll - out of a new national call handling system has been criticised in a damning report by the chief inspector of constabulary .
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit - and - run crash has paid tribute to her " lovely " son who saved her life seven years ago .
Glamorgan 's seamers dominated day one of the first day - night County Championship match of the season as Derbyshire 's batsmen struggled on day two .
The UK economy grew by 0.6 % in the second quarter of the year , boosted by strong growth in manufacturing and services , official figures show .
Rugby union is heading towards a " hire - and - fire " approach to managing coaches , according to the head of the Rugby Coaches ' Association .
The number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance - enhancing drugs is " off the scale " , according to the Welsh Rugby Union .
A memorial has been unveiled in Eastbourne and Hailsham to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One soldier .
Spain 's banks will need a total of 59.3bn euros ( Â£50bn ; $ 66bn ) to plug a " hole " in their finances , the country 's banks have said .
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi - finals .
More than 150 drivers were caught using their mobile phones while driving on motorways and motorways in the past year , police have said .
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from MPs on the Welsh affairs select committee at Westminster .
Garry Ringrose has been dubbed the next Brian O'Driscoll .
Northern Ireland 's justice minister has said he has been assured the government will honour a promise to provide extra funding for institutions that deal with the past .
Scotland 's skills system needs to improve if it is to keep pace with technological and demographic changes , according to a new report .
Award - winning director Ava DuVernay has praised the makers of Gods of Egypt after the film 's makers apologised for the casting of white actors .
Here is Prime Minister David Cameron 's full statement after the Conservatives won the general election .
Wales will face a " job of convincing the public " about the merits of a universal basic income , a leading economist has warned .
Yorkshire Diamonds were beaten by Surrey Stars in the Women 's Super League for the first time since the inaugural Women 's World Twenty20 , despite a fine century from Beth Beaumont .
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs with production moving to Ireland .
A train has crashed into a carriage at a station in the Belgian city of Leuven , killing at least one person and injuring several others .
Robert Lewandowski was taken to hospital with a head injury after being hit by a ball during Poland 's Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania .
A Red Cross volunteer who was on the scene of the Shoreham air disaster , in which 11 people died , has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours .
The brother of Sri Lanka 's former president has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of Colombo .
Swansea City Council has said it is " open to the option " of expanding Liberty Stadium .
The seaside attraction Sleaford Mods is among the nominees for this year 's South Bank Sky Arts Awards .
David Warner 's absence from the Ashes tour of England will give the rest of the Australia team a chance to regroup .
Motherwell defender Jonny Pearson believes his move to Fir Park from Indian side Atletico Kolkata is the right move for him .
A supermarket worker in Altrincham , Greater Manchester , has been filmed hitting an alleged shoplifter over the head with a packet of bacon .
The creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed for the first time that the fictional town of Springfield , Oregon , is actually in the US state of Oregon .
A West Midlands Police officer has been jailed for four years for sexually assaulting two women in their own homes .
As Iraqi forces close in on the city of Mosul , there are signs that the so - called Islamic State ( IS ) regime in the city is rapidly losing control .
The president of the Liberian Football Association ( LFA ) has threatened to take Fifa to court if the organisation does not replace a member of the electoral committee ahead of the Fifa presidential elections .
A legal challenge against former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael over false statements he made during the general election campaign will be considered by the Court of Session .
Wrexham University has become the first in the UK to install the world 's most powerful computer .
Manchester City fought back from 2 - 0 down to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League last 16 .
The deputy first minister of Northern Ireland has spoken of the moment his mother found out he was a member of the IRA .
A blanket ban on so - called legal highs is to be introduced in the UK , the government has announced .
Liam O'Shea scored a late winner as Chesterfield beat Port Vale to boost their League Two play - off hopes .
US Secretary of State John Kerry has visited Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , saying the country is " turning around " .
The director of the Mumbai Film Festival has said he is " shocked and upset " that a documentary about caste has been refused permission to be screened because it deals with the issue of beef .
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take risks against New Zealand in Saturday 's first Test in Auckland .
An international symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled .
The Catholic Church in Ireland should apologise to the families of unwed mothers who died at mother - and - baby homes , the archbishop of Dublin has said .
Johnny Depp 's management team are suing the actor for $ 25 m ( £ 20 m ) after claiming he failed to live within his means .
Olympic gold medallist James Heath won his second gold medal of the World Canoe Slalom Championships with victory in the K2 200 m .
A cyclist accused of killing a woman in a hit - and - run crash claimed his victim had " stopped dead " in his path , a court has heard .
Two security guards have been threatened and robbed at gunpoint at a bank in Edinburgh .
Labour has held on to Cardiff North in the general election , beating the Conservatives by more than 2,000 votes .
I 've just returned from a two - week holiday in South - East Asia and I ca n't believe how fast things are moving .
The Welsh government has been given £ 5 m to compensate retired firefighters and police officers affected by a pensions error .
Residents have been told to leave their homes as a large bushfire continues to burn in Western Australia .
Plans to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given £ 9,900 in lottery funding .
They are two of Britain 's most decorated Olympians , two of the most decorated British athletes of all time .
One of the Brazilian footballers injured in a plane crash in Colombia that killed most of his team in November has undergone surgery and is recovering in hospital .
The number of mental health patients being sent out of Cornwall for treatment must be cut to zero by 2020 , a coroner has said .
A woman was " brutally murdered " by her ex - boyfriend and his girlfriend in a " sadistic " double murder , a court has heard .
A statue has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of a strike by women chainmakers in the Black Country .
Plans to improve travel times on the A40 in Oxfordshire have gone out to public consultation .
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a " disturbance " in Essex .
Leading figures from the Commonwealth have written an open letter to David Cameron urging him to stay in the EU .
A PhD student at Glasgow University is using 3D technology to help doctors diagnose and treat patients with facial paralysis .
Northern Ireland 's new councils will be given a range of new powers at Stormont in April .
John Hardie is standing in the dark at the entrance to Lockhart 's Castle .
UK retail sales rose in November , helped by Black Friday discounts , according to official figures .
A chronology of key events leading up to and following the sale of Nama 's Northern Ireland loan portfolio to US investment firm PIMCO in 2012 .
Ed Sheeran has donated his " whole wardrobe " to charity shops in a bid to raise money for charity .
An 11-year - old Indian girl who went missing after a social media campaign to find her has been found safe and well .
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a New York skyscraper after a crane cradle on top of the building collapsed , officials say .
The UK government is sending a " perverse signal " to the rest of the world on climate change , a senior UN official has said .
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager .
Middlesbrough recorded their first home win of the season as Gaston Ramirez scored twice to help them beat 10-man Bournemouth .
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from professional football .
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing in Manchester and London for two days .
Ivory Coast is one of the world 's fastest - growing countries for young people to start their own businesses .
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison has been arrested .
London Mayor Boris Johnson has been left hanging from a zip wire in a " James Bond - esque " stunt at the Olympic Games in London .
Tanzania 's Football Federation ( TFF ) has submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football 's governing body .
As part of the BBC 's So I Can Breathe series , people have been sharing their tips on how to reduce air pollution .
Gaz O'Brien 's last - minute drop - goal gave Salford Red Devils a dramatic victory over Hull KR in the Million Pound Game to secure Super League survival .
The Peppa Pig books are one of the most popular children 's books of all time .
Sculptures by Dame Zaha Hadid have gone on display at Chatsworth House for the first time as part of a new exhibition .
A man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in Brighton .
James Graham is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign , which he says will be the " main occupying idea " in writers ' heads for the next 10 years .
A project to repair a route pioneered by Cumbrian mountaineer John Wainwright is to be supported by a charity set up in his memory .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday 's game against Ross County will be the " biggest game " of his career .
Lancashire need to " play better cricket " if they are to avoid relegation from Division One , says head coach Ashley Giles .
Leicester City 's Premier League title win last season has been hailed as one of the greatest sporting stories in the city 's history and helped boost tourism .
More than half of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu and the 2011 Pan - Arab Games in Qatar tested positive for banned substances , according to research published in the Lancet .
Britain 's Andy Murray and Dan Evans made it through to the fourth round of the Australian Open with straight - set wins in Melbourne .
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car and then stabbed in Manchester have paid tribute to " a composed and caring son " .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Pro - Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered UN agencies and non - governmental organisations to leave the rebel - held region of Luhansk , the UN humanitarian chief says .
Millions of people who have not yet renewed their tax credits are being urged to do so by the tax authority before Sunday 's deadline .
Oxford University is commissioning a series of portraits of women and ethnic minorities to help students feel more at home at the university .
GAA director general Jim Duffy has called for the abolition of the inter - county U21 Football championship .
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said Wales will have " no veto " over the UK 's exit from the European Union .
Joseph Clark was a 29-year - old father - of - three from Liverpool , who travelled by car with his two sons , Stephen and Stephen Clark , who both survived .
US President - elect Donald Trump has called the leader of Taiwan for the first time since the US cut formal ties with the island in 1979 .
Bus drivers in Dorset are staging a 24-hour strike in a row over pay .
As the US government shutdown enters its third week , the BBC looks at some of the key parts of the government that remain open and what will happen if it continues .
Arsene Wenger has urged Arsenal 's British players to " take charge " of the team in Sunday 's FA Cup semi - final against Manchester City as he considers his future .
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by a businessman who hopes to turn it into a community venue .
Toshiba 's US nuclear business Westinghouse has filed for bankruptcy protection .
Leicester City have signed France international defender Mathieu Reveillere on a two - year deal .
GPs in England are being forced to deliver " unsafe " consultations of up to 10 minutes , the British Medical Association has warned .
In the corner of a busy hospital ward , tucked behind a curtain , lies Joshua Davies .
Archaeological excavations at a medieval castle have revealed more about its history than previously thought .
Former Masters champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth 's collapse on the final day at Augusta will " scar " him for a while .
The Syrian government says it will begin the evacuation of the last remaining rebel - held district of Homs on Monday .
At least 13 people have been killed in north - eastern Nigeria in an explosion caused by a mistake by a member of a vigilante group fighting Boko Haram , an MP says .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children 's centres in Oxfordshire .
More than 1,000 people have been forced to flee their homes as a wildfire in California continues to burn out of control .
Tributes have been paid to Lord Avebury , the former MP and Liberal peer who has died at the age of 91 .
Yorkshire opener Adam Lyth hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side close in on victory over Surrey at The Oval .
Residents living near a prison have been warned to lock their doors and windows after packages were thrown over the wall .
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is to be held later .
China has said it will not accept a UN tribunal 's decision to dismiss its territorial claims in the South China Sea , after the Philippines won a landmark case .
Uganda 's Football Association ( Fufa ) says it is " confident " it will clear coach Milutin ' Micho ' Sredojevic 's salary arrears after he accused it of not paying him .
Wolverhampton Wanderers moved into the League One play - off places with a comfortable win over Cambridge United .
Sussex 's Tom Wells says he is not satisfied with his average in first - class cricket and is aiming for more .
The late Boris Nemtsov was working on a report that would have laid bare the extent of Russia 's involvement in the Ukraine conflict .
US Secretary of State John Kerry has warned of a " serious concern " over the militarisation of territory in the South China Sea .
Two 15-year - old boys from South Tyneside have been arrested in connection with an investigation into images of child sexual exploitation .
An NHS hospital in Dumfries and Galloway has been told it must make " significant improvements " after inspectors found 26 areas for improvement .
The Firth of Forth Bridge has been given Unesco World Heritage Site status for the first time .
Game of Thrones and Star Wars actress Gwendoline Christie has been cast in the new series of Top of the Lake .
Lonmin has said it will raise $ 1.3bn ( £ 1.1bn ) in a rights issue as it seeks to shore up its debt - laden balance sheet .
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found in a lake in Carlisle .
Scientists have created a super - sticky glue based on the mucus of a slug that could be used as a medical adhesive .
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year and went on a sheep - killing spree is on the run again , officials say .
Cuba 's leader has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to " old and hostile rhetoric " in response to his policy change on Cuba .
Scientists at the University of East Anglia have shown that a new approach to fighting infections in pigs could offer a viable alternative to antibiotics .
US President Barack Obama has narrowed the shortlist of potential sites for his presidential library to Chicago , according to reports .
Two men have been jailed for their part in a multi - million pound drug trafficking operation linked to the dark web marketplace Silk Road .
A flagpole has been stolen from the site of a new National Bomber Command Centre in Lincoln .
On Monday , the BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire programme featured a story about a woman who called in sick to work because she was suffering from menstrual pain .
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Paul Duffy as their new head coach .
Hundreds of people have attended a mass in Glasgow to remember the victims of the earthquake in central Italy .
Labour has gained Tatton from the Conservatives in Cheshire .
The England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) has agreed a new schedule for the 2016 season .
Citizens Advice Scotland ( CAS ) has called on the Scottish government to introduce regulations to protect drivers from " over - zealous " private parking companies .
Reading for pleasure can boost mental and physical health , according to a report .
The head of the Royal Society has called on the government to guarantee the future of freedom of movement for EU scientists in the UK after Brexit .
A man has been charged with causing the death of a three - year - old girl by dangerous driving after a crash in Oxfordshire .
Germany 's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race .
It 's not often that head teachers give the education secretary a straight answer .
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour is the official opposition .
The mother of a five - year - old boy who went missing in Poland has released images of him in a bid to find him .
A man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend felt he had been ignored by her ex - boyfriend , a court has heard .
A bubble tea chain at the centre of a row over pay terms for trainees who worked for free has said it will change its policy .
The former head of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , Antonio Rato , and two other former Bankia board members have gone on trial in Madrid accused of embezzlement .
Samsung has added ad - blockers to the default Android browser for the first time .
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze , the RSPCA has said .
Helen Jenkins should be selected for the British triathlon team for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Series event in Australia , according to fellow Briton Non Stanford .
An Australian lifeguard has been praised for saving the life of a Danish prince who was pulled from the surf at a beach on the Australian coast .
The mother of a 13-year - old boy who was killed by a tractor driver who was more than twice the legal drink - drive limit has called for better road safety .
Leicester made it two wins out of two with a bonus - point win over Benetton Treviso thanks to two tries from Uini Veainu .
Southend United boss Phil Brown says he will appeal against the red card shown to one of his players in the League One derby defeat by Gillingham .
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee .
England 's hopes of winning the World Twenty20 were dealt a major blow as they were thrashed by South Africa in the second Twenty20 international .
A former leisure centre in Denbighshire is to undergo a major refurbishment .
A Polish man has been jailed for 10 years for plotting to bomb the country 's parliament in Krakow in 2011 .
Snooker players have voted to keep the Players ' Shoot Out as a ranking event , despite a row over the use of the shot clock .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an attack on a donkey in Monmouthshire .
The International Rescue Committee and the Doctors of the World have called for an urgent inspection of a migrant camp in northern Greece after three people died in recent days .
Former Rangers captain Darren Ferguson says he does not think he is ready to manage at the top level .
Mexico 's Congress has approved a series of tough new laws aimed at cracking down on kidnapping .
A police officer who Tasered a man who killed a woman in a hostel has told an inquest it was " like something you see on TV " .
Silverstone is to end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after the 2019 season after triggering a get - out clause in its contract .
Sunderland striker Diego Scocco has returned to Argentine side Newell 's Old Boys on loan until the end of the season .
Kilmarnock moved up to third in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts at Rugby Park .
A group of radio stations in the US has apologised after broadcasting an " obscene " podcast from a hacked streaming box .
A man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room in January .
Status Quo guitarist Rick Parfitt has been described as " the ultimate rock and roller " by Queen 's Brian May after his death at the age of 74 .
Manchester United have sacked manager Louis van Gaal .
A man has died in a hang gliding accident in East Sussex .
BBC Radio 1 's Official Chart Show will move to CBBC in May , it has been announced .
A woman has been raped in Belfast city centre .
The NHS in England is " withering away " , according to a group of senior doctors and public health professionals who have written an open letter urging voters to reject the coalition government .
A combination of climate change , land - use change and fire could lead to the rapid decline of Amazonian forests , a study suggests .
A hoard of 100,000-year - old paint kits found in a cave in South Africa suggest that early humans were capable of conceptual thinking , say scientists .
Millions of workers in the UK spend at least three hours a day commuting to and from work , new figures show .
People prefer to be zapped than left alone with their thoughts for even a brief period of time , research suggests .
Richard Branson , the author of controversial magazine Oz , has died at the age of 83 , his wife Julie Clarke Neville says .
A project which aims to highlight the achievements of people with learning disabilities has been launched in Mold .
NHS Lothian has said it is investigating after a cleaner at an Edinburgh hospital got a woman 's name from a computer and contacted her on Facebook .
A community centre in Northamptonshire has reopened after a campaign to save it from closure .
A blood test can detect ovarian cancer at an early stage , a small US study suggests .
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Bristol Rovers defender Gary McAllister on a two - year deal .
Germany 's Thomas Jung became the first rider to win the Grand Slam of eventing with victory on La Biosthetique at Badminton .
The father of Henry Surtees has called on Lewis Hamilton to reconsider his opposition to the ' halo ' head protection device in Formula 1 cars .
Most councils in Wales are broadcasting their council meetings online , the Welsh Government has said .
It 's been a difficult few weeks for health ministers .
Scotland 's Finance Secretary John Swinney has outlined his latest proposal for a deal on the fiscal framework which will underpin new powers for Scotland .
McDonald 's is being accused of abusing its dominant market position in Europe by charging franchisees too much to run its restaurants .
Sir Neville Marr has died at the age of 93 .
Tributes have been paid to journalist Peter Corrigan , who has died at the age of 83 .
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from taking their pets on long walks in public under new proposals .
Everton have signed Oxford United midfielder Josh Kenny on loan until the end of the season .
A three - year - old boy has died on a farm in Maguiresbridge , County Fermanagh .
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa and the suspect has been arrested .
An app that allows users to send " yo " messages to friends has been taken over by hackers , its creator has said .
During World War Two , some of London 's underground railway tunnels were used as migrant dormitories .
Gerry Rafferty , the Scottish songwriter and singer - songwriter , has died at the age of 69 .
Liverpool fans are to be asked if they are in favour of safe standing at the club 's Anfield ground .
Edrington Distilleries has announced that Crawford Gillies is to take over the chairmanship of the company from Jim Murray .
Aberystwyth 's Vale of Rheidol Steam Railway is one of the youngest in the UK in the job of restoring locomotives and carriages - but it is training young people to take on the role in the future .
Russian journalist Alexander Tsilikin has been found stabbed to death in his home in St Petersburg .
Older people who spend long periods of time sitting are ageing faster than those who exercise , a study suggests .
At least nine people have been killed and more than 30 injured in an explosion in southern Spain , including a celebrity chef , police say .
A former recording studio in Granada has been turned into a music video studio .
The Winchburgh railway tunnel is to be closed for six weeks as part of major upgrade work .
The chief executive of a hospital trust at the centre of a row over patient care has resigned .
Deutsche Bank , one of the world 's biggest banks , has published its analysis of the general election campaign .
The wife of a British man who was found dead in Myanmar ( Burma ) has said he had been stabbed to death .
At least seven people have been killed in shelling on the first day of school in eastern Ukraine 's main rebel - held city , officials say .
Some schools in England are failing to meet the requirement of the school admissions code , says the chief adjudicator .
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister in a " horror movie - style " arson attack .
Derry City came from behind to beat Bohemians 2 - 1 and move five points clear at the top of the Premier Division .
A convicted murderer who was arrested in Hertfordshire on suspicion of two murders has been told he will be extradited to Albania .
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Kolo Toure for an undisclosed fee .
Wearable health gadgets are the new big thing .
Motorists are being urged to take care on the roads as millions of people head out for the Easter weekend .
Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen headed a Ferrari one - two in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix .
Richard Keogh scored the only goal of the game as Derby County beat Grimsby Town to return to the Championship .
A 19-year - old man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a 15-year old girl in a park .
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his players can learn from their experience at the Elite League play - offs and return to the tournament next season .
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in the Pride London parade in central London .
West Ham Ladies have signed a new five - year deal with the club which will see them become an " integral part of the West Ham family " .
A children 's TV channel has been nominated for three Bafta Children 's Awards for the first time .
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house with a gas cooker while 11 people were inside , including four children .
Plans to turn the Humber Bridge into a glass lift and gondola ride have been unveiled as part of a £ 10 m project to expand the attraction .
Theresa May has set out her government 's programme for government in the Queen 's Speech , with Holyrood among the first targets .
Scientists at Nasa have developed a new material that could be used in space .
Wales Under-21s made history by beating England Under-20s in the European Under-19 Championship final at Euro 2016 .
The father of Jules Bianchi , who is in a coma after a crash at the Russian Grand Prix , says his son will not give up on his recovery .
It 's not every day you get the chance to bowl at Michael Vaughan or face Devon Malcolm .
Prince Harry has shared a photo of himself wearing a Christmas hat on his head during a visit to a children 's home .
Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) has asked the public for their views on whether stations should be moved to public areas such as supermarkets and public buildings .
The chairman of Avon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service has called for an investigation into allegations of " serious and persistent " misconduct at the authority .
League Two side Notts County have signed Morecambe defender Jordan Edwards on loan until the end of the season .
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) have arrested a man who was walking around with his wife 's severed head in his hands .
Oldham Athletic 's transfer embargo could be lifted next week , according to manager Karl Robinson .
Saracens are ready to " write a new chapter " in their history after winning back - to - back Premiership and European Champions Cup titles , says captain Brad Barritt .
A complete skeleton of one of the world 's largest carnivorous dinosaurs has been sold at auction in the US .
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at the city 's police headquarters after receiving a threat against officers .
A group of former military commanders have written an open letter to Prime Minister David Cameron calling for the defence review to be reopened after the loss of an aircraft carrier .
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after being seriously injured in a crash during testing .
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world 's most influential curator of contemporary art , according to a leading art critic .
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales could lead to a system where " price trumps all " , the former chief judge of the High Court has warned .
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people trying to sell a rare snake that looks like it has two heads .
Sydney 's iconic Opera House has become the latest landmark in Australia to switch off its lights for Earth Hour .
Belgium 's Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second time in three days with a superb solo ride .
Sepp Blatter may have been banned from all football - related activity for life after being found guilty of corruption , but he has never been one to mince his words .
A " heavy gambler " murdered a friend and dismembered his body before dumping it in a suitcase , a court heard .
The remains of a man whose remains were found on a motorway have been identified by police .
A man has been charged with attempted murder after an off - duty police officer was stabbed in Lancashire .
Ed Miliband has warned voters not to " gamble " with the SNP in Scotland in the event of a hung parliament , as David Cameron urged them to vote for his preferred prime minister .
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a new three - year contract to stay at the Spanish club until 2019 .
A campaign to elect a directly - elected mayor for Cardiff is unlikely to hit its target of signatures for a referendum , a councillor has claimed .
The Chinese government is " shaming " foreign companies and telling them to " behave yourself " because it is " in charge " in the country , according to former GlaxoSmithKline executive John McGregor .
James Anderson became England 's all - time leading one - day international wicket - taker with a career - best 237 against Australia .
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley says manager Pep Guardiola has been a key factor in their recent improvement .
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was found dead in his Leicestershire home .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 ended the day 1.12 % higher , with shares in Burberry and BHP Billiton helping to lift the index .
Former first minister Jack McConnell has revealed he fell down a drain during a visit to Malawi in 2007 .
Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin believes Wayne Bennett 's appointment as England head coach will not change the balance of power in rugby league .
Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a 23-year - old man was found at a house in Edinburgh .
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after becoming the first Welsh athlete to win two medals at one Olympic Games .
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch has no interest in leaving the club to join West Brom , says Potters boss Mark Hughes .
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has launched a new programme to improve the care of injured military veterans in Surrey .
England 's middle - order collapse continued as they were beaten by India A in their second one - day international in Mumbai .
China 's Long Qian won Olympic gold in the men 's -57 kg weightlifting with a stunning lift in Rio .
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions prop John Faull has died at the age of 83 .
A Falkirk couple have become Scotland 's biggest lottery winner in the UK after claiming a £ 60 m Euromillions prize .
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel Smith on a one - month loan deal from National League rivals Wrexham .
Prisoners at HMP Dumfries in South Lanarkshire have their own rooms .
England 's Ben Duckett , Chris Woakes , Toby Roland - Jones and Ben Roland- Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack cricketers of the year , along with West Indies all - rounder Stuart Broad .
Labour has appointed Angela Glass as shadow education secretary in the shadow cabinet following the resignation of Angela Powell .
A court in Buenos Aires has begun the trial of five former Argentine intelligence officers and a former military intelligence agent .
The sudden death of Jayaram Jayalalitha , the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu , has shocked the political establishment in the state .
The next round of consultation on plans to build thousands of homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester has been delayed .
Patients could be denied access to hospital services in a bid to save the NHS Â£12.5 m over the winter because of a funding crisis .
A prison officer who was killed in a dissident republican bomb attack has been named by police .
The Royal Opera House in London was evacuated after a fire alarm went off in the middle of a performance .
Residents in Bristol , in the UK , say they do n't think vinegar is a good idea .
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of one of the worst naval disasters in British history .
Rochus Misch , the last surviving member of Adolf Hitler 's personal entourage , has died at the age of 99 , his family has announced .
RSPCA Cymru has reported a rise in the number of animal welfare convictions , with a 100 % conviction rate in 2013 .
Unemployment in Scotland rose by 15,000 between January and March , according to the latest official figures .
Manchester United 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says team - mate Paul Pogba " likes the pressure " after the midfielder 's face appeared on social media after his poor performance on Sunday .
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan at " gunpoint " has returned to the country , saying she feared for her life .
A US marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for the murder of a transgender woman who was found dead in a hotel toilet .
There will be no blanket ban on information about undercover police operations being made public by the Undercover Inquiry , a judge has ruled .
When Adidas , Gazprom , Hyundai - Kia , McDonald 's , Coca - Cola and Visa signed up to sponsor the 2014 and 2018 Fifa World Cup tournaments , they did so with a sense of pride and confidence .
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion for the NHS in Northern Ireland , which include a recommendation that a psychiatrist should be involved if a woman needs a mental health assessment .
A woman has been shot dead in a suspected gangland - style shooting .
Olympic and European champion Andy Houghton has been named in the Great Britain rowers ' squad for the World Rowing Cup in Florida .
Shelley Kerr can take Scotland 's women 's team " even further " than any other men 's team in Scotland , according to Motherwell striker Lee Grant .
In the summer of 1940 , Mahatma Gandhi was living in a remote village in the western Indian state of Gujarat .
The chances of a baby boy being born alive were " significantly reduced " because of delays in his mother 's care , an inquest has found .
A man has become the first person to break the world record for the most times he has bounced up and down on a pogo stick .
There is a " significant gap " between the number of people who need help and therapy as a result of sexual abuse and the availability of services , the NSPCC has said .
A slow underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a bin , research suggests .
A UK company has been named in connection with an outbreak of E. coli in France linked to raw sprouted seeds .
Tanzania 's President Jakaya Kikwete has sacked a government minister for taking $ 1 m ( Â£800,000 ; $ 1.2 m ) from a government account in her name and depositing it in a personal bank account .
Wales coach Warren Gatland has denied claims that his players have been banned from drinking alcohol during the World Cup .
People have been given the chance to give their views on a potential site for a new nuclear waste dump in the Highlands .
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes can extend the lifespan of middle - aged mice and delay the onset of age - related diseases , a study in mice suggests .
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
A police watchdog has launched an investigation after a 72-year - old man was found dead at a sheltered housing complex .
The new year is upon us , and many business leaders are already looking forward to the challenges ahead .
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire is the most deprived area in Scotland , according to official figures .
For most footballers , the recovery time they get after training and between matches usually means plenty of golf , or computer games .
Russia is set to impose strict new rules on bloggers and social media users , in a move seen as a crackdown on free speech .
A " cowardly " man has been jailed for beating a three - month - old baby boy so badly he will never walk or talk .
Armed police and military personnel have been involved in a security alert on the M6 Toll in Staffordshire after a coach carrying passengers was stopped on the hard shoulder .
NHS staff in England could be given extra roles to help fill gaps in the workforce as the NHS struggles to cope with a shortage of doctors .
Netflix has cancelled plans to show a special celebrating the life of US comedian Bill Cosby after he was accused of sexual assault for a second time .
Norbrook Group , the County Down - based engineering and construction firm , has appointed John Nagle as chief executive .
Jockey George Best is expected to be out of intensive care after suffering a bleed on the brain in a fall during a race at Punchestown on Saturday .
England 's first match at Euro 2016 is against Russia on Saturday and , if we can beat them , it will be a huge step forward for the team .
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of County Louth farmer John Murphy .
A teenager who killed a 15-year - old boy at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for 10 years .
Three men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution have been jailed .
Talks to sell the Silverstone circuit to an overseas investor have been called off after the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media .
Nepal is one of the world 's fastest - growing democracies , but many people in the country still struggle with the issue of citizenship .
The fall in the value of the pound is a " silver lining " for the UK economy , according to the EY Item Club .
Voting is under way in the general election on Merseyside .
The Man in the High Castle and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes were among the big winners at this year 's Empire Awards .
The Indian Premier League gets under way on Monday , 25 April with the opening match between Mumbai Indians and Rising Pune Supergiants at the Waca in Delhi .
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme on Tuesday .
Romania 's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office after his ruling coalition lost a parliamentary censure motion .
Barcelona have paid more than 13 m euros ( £ 12.5 m ) in back taxes on the signing of Brazil forward Neymar as part of an investigation into alleged tax fraud .
A racoon has been rescued from the roof of a house by an animal rescue charity after escaping from a neighbouring property .
UN investigators investigating war crimes in Syria say they are considering publishing lists of suspected war criminals .
Former England batsman and one - day international batsman James Anderson is one of the leading figures in the build - up to the 2017 World Cup .
Bristol Rovers midfielder Josh Broom has signed a new two - year contract with the League Two club .
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match - fixing during a Test match against England in October .
Olympic skeleton champion Lizzy Yarnold is the first British athlete to win a gold medal at every Winter Games since the sport was reinstated in 2002 .
Scarlets have said they are " fully committed to eradicating discrimination and promoting equality for both staff and customers " after Gareth Williams was pictured in a Halloween costume .
A decision on a £ 100 m development on a former airfield site in Guildford is unlikely to be made before the end of the year , a councillor has said .
Brazilian airline Latam has said it is suspending its flights to Caracas airport because of a dispute with the Venezuelan government .
Israel says it " deeply regrets " the harm caused to the Palestinian civilian population during the 2014 Gaza war , but denied committing war crimes .
The latest group of Syrian refugees to arrive in Londonderry have said they are adjusting well to life in Northern Ireland .
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto a new religious freedom law if it legalised discrimination against gay people .
Eleven people have been arrested in connection with a landslide in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen that killed 74 people last month .
Amnesty International has criticised a deal between the EU and Turkey to tackle the migrant crisis , saying it is " unlawful and immoral " .
Twelve Syrian migrants , including five children , have drowned trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece .
Belfast 's transport minister , Simon Hazzard , has announced plans to extend bus lanes in the city to allow commuters to get to work earlier .
The owner of Argos has reported a fall in sales for the first quarter of the year , but said it was " encouraged " by an improvement in sales at the retailer .
BBC Northern Ireland 's Spotlight programme has been named Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society ( RTS ) Awards .
A number of teachers at a Catholic school in County Londonderry called in sick on Friday .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is " responsible " for his side 's 3 - 1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla and has promised his players they will " come back stronger " from the loss .
People in England can now check on the quality of care provided at care homes on a government website .
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of hit - and - run after a pedestrian was hit by his car in Los Angeles .
O2 and Vodafone are due to meet the government later to discuss plans to speed up the launch of 4 G services .
UKIP has said it " wholeheartedly supports the NHS being free at the point of access and kept publicly - funded " after one of its candidates appeared to question the cost of treating British HIV sufferers .
Manchester United were knocked out of the Europa League in the third qualifying round by Greek champions Olympiakos at Old Trafford .
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago .
Scarlets director of rugby Mark McCall says he would be " devastated " if one of his players did what James Skelton did to James Davies in Saturday 's match .
Plans for a £ 1.4bn bypass around Stonehenge to ease congestion around the monument are being considered by the government .
Bryony Dickson is one of the best trampoliners in the world .
What do you do if you 're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Assembly is n't sitting ?
BBC Sport will broadcast live commentary of South Shields ' FA Cup first - round tie against Bridlington Town as part of the 2017 - 18 FA Cup .
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire , the latest in a series of attacks on the birds .
A new working group is to be set up to try to resolve a row over the design of a £ 100 m cycle path in Edinburgh .
The " potentially perilous state " of British policing is being put at risk by " an unconscious form of rationing " , inspectors have warned .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called on Syria 's government and its opponents to stop fighting , in a television interview .
A police officer who was called to an alleged assault in Glasgow city centre was given a standing ovation when he took to the stage at a pub karaoke .
Britain 's Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe Round the World Yacht Race .
A new £ 50 m road to ease congestion in a Carmarthenshire town has been given the go - ahead .
Belgian cyclist Elinor van den Driessche has been banned for six months and fined 50,000 Swiss francs ( £ 39,000 ) after a motor was found on her bike .
Nato has condemned as " unacceptable " a Russian incursion into its airspace over the Syrian border on Saturday , the second such violation in a week .
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson .
The number of people being detained at Brook House immigration removal centre in Surrey has increased by more than 50 % in the past year , a report has found .
Mikheil Saakashvili has been Georgia 's president for more than a decade .
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott believes his side 's final - day heroics gave them the edge in the Grand Final .
A man who died after taking hallucinogenic drugs in Paisley would not have died had he not taken them , a sheriff has ruled .
The White House has condemned " hatred and hate - motivated violence " after 10 more Jewish community centres in the US received threats on Monday .
A " zombified " father has put his " green monster " buggy up for sale on eBay for £ 1,000 - with a price tag of £ 2,000 .
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of fast , bouncy wickets in the County Championship has worked in the county 's favour .
Tehran 's mayor has announced plans to turn the controversial Evin prison in the Iranian capital into a park .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) is suing the Pentagon over its refusal to open combat roles for women in the US military .
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after the company reported a fall in half - year profits and warned of a " challenging " Christmas period .
Militants have attacked a police station in southern Afghanistan 's Helmand province , killing at least one officer and wounding several others .
A man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of the murder of a woman who was dragged by the neck through the streets of a town in northern Germany .
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury .
Oxford United ended Bradford 's unbeaten start to the season with victory at the Kassam Stadium .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve has heard police believe he was from Vietnam .
Wales should be able to set its own immigration rules , MPs have said .
Apple and Facebook have become the first technology companies in the US to offer egg freezing and cryopreservation services to their employees .
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes to protest against plans to demolish it has gone on trial in London .
The Northern Ireland secretary of state , Theresa Villiers , has given the go - ahead for the Stormont Executive to borrow up to £ 700 m to pay off thousands of civil servants due to be redundancy .
A fuel additive has been found in a breast implant that has caused thousands of women to have them removed , according to a French TV report .
After Donald Trump 's surprise election victory in the US , Australia 's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has become the latest in a long line of prime ministers to be mauled .
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £ 500,000 have been found in two buildings in Glasgow .
The number of mental health patients being discharged from hospital in England has fallen by more than 10 % in the past year , new figures show .
Wales defender Chris Gunter says it would be a " massive mistake " to get complacent as they aim to qualify for Euro 2016 .
A retired Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of a series of violent attacks on pupils at Inverness Catholic School .
A robot designed to play video games will be one of the attractions at this year 's XpoNorth festival .
A teenager has been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in north London .
David Waites says it was difficult to come back from a shoulder injury to win his second BDO World Darts Championship .
Leicester Riders are confident they can add the British Basketball League Championship to the Premier League title they won on Monday .
Shrinking products are being sold at lower prices in supermarkets , according to a new report .
Seven police officers are to be questioned by the police watchdog after a prisoner lost three fingers in custody .
Passengers at one of London 's busiest Tube stations are being encouraged to stand on both sides of an escalator as part of a trial to reduce queues .
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said he may have been assaulted .
At the Red Cross offices in South Sudan 's capital , Juba , I am greeted by the familiar sight of the brightly - coloured walls of the headquarters of the organisation , in the shade of a tree .
Do you think it 's snowing in Delhi , India ?
More than 30 people , including young children and elderly residents , had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a suspected arson attack .
A new demolition company has been appointed to carry out work at the former Reading Power Station , where four people died in a collapse .
One of the world 's largest bitcoin exchanges , Bitfinex , says it has been hacked .
Asian girls in Rotherham are being groomed and sexually abused by men in the town , the BBC has learned .
The " inhumane " conditions at a prison are putting the safety of staff and prisoners at risk , a watchdog has warned .
Former Blackburn Rovers and Millwall striker Drax Campbell is playing for non - league Maidenhead United .
President Donald Trump 's pick for US interior secretary , Ryan Zinke , has marked his first day in the job with a ride on a horse .
Teachers in Wales will be given new training and support to help them improve their skills as part of plans to improve standards .
The death toll from an attack on an airbase in eastern Libya by rival forces has risen to 140 , officials say .
Two Belgian hospitals are to use Pepper , the humanoid robot created by Japanese firm Softbank , in their reception areas .
England women 's head coach Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for the upcoming friendlies in Spain .
Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea and defender Marcos Rojo were among the stars of the weekend 's Premier League action .
The UK government has set out how it plans to meet its target of cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 80 % by 2050 .
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege .
A police investigation into a hit - and - run crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome 's bike was hit by a car has been closed because no - one has come forward .
Dozens of cars have been destroyed in a fire at a Citroën dealership .
" Monty , here we go again . "
Olympic gold medallist Helen Mirren has died at the age of 60 after suffering a stroke .
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row as it continues to cut prices in a " challenging market " .
Leatherback turtles have been spotted off the Welsh coast for the first time in a decade .
Rescuers in Greenland are searching for survivors of a tsunami that hit the country 's west coast .
A Kuwaiti man held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre has been released and flown home to Kuwait .
Northern Ireland 's Joe Donnelly is through to the quarter - finals of the men 's flyweight boxing at the Olympic Games after a narrow win over Egypt 's Abdelhadi Abdelaziz .
The French and German authorities have confirmed they are continuing the search for human remains at the site of the Germanwings flight 4U9525 crash in the French Alps .
The National Advisory Board for Mosque and Imams has said it is working to improve standards at madrassas after a teacher was jailed for beating children .
An " aircraft emergency " forced the closure of the M1 motorway in Birmingham after a plane with 153 people on board was forced to divert to an airport .
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade .
A hacker has admitted he hacked into Norwich International Airport 's website to see if he could access its passenger information system .
A judge has ordered the Scottish government to reconsider its decision to grant planning permission for four offshore wind farms .
The Welsh government is to lend £ 4.5 m to help bring new airlines to Wales , including Airbus and British Airways .
Cuts to social care budgets in England have led to a " deepening crisis " in the provision of care for the elderly and disabled , figures show .
Two previously unseen cels from one of Walt Disney 's most famous films have sold for more than £ 20,000 at auction .
Star Wars composer John Williams will be honoured at this year 's BBC Proms with a tribute concert at London 's Royal Albert Hall .
Great Britain 's Marcus Langridge and Marcus Ellis have become the first British badminton team to win a medal at the Rio Olympics with victory in the men 's doubles quarter - finals .
David Haye says he will " happily pay " any fine the British Boxing Board of Control ( BBBofC ) imposes on him for comments he made after his defeat by Tony Bellew .
Wales ' Euro 2016 campaign has been one of the most remarkable in the history of Welsh football , but the final whistle at the Stade Velodrome in Lyon on Sunday night was not the end of it .
Cape Verde Islands missed out on qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter - finals as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia .
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered his finance minister to create a plan of defence in case of a national emergency .
A record number of women have been elected to Iran 's new parliament , the president has said .
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead as planned on Sunday , despite protests in the country .
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands full - back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
James Ward produced a stunning final - set victory over John Isner to give Great Britain a 2 - 0 lead over the United States in their Davis Cup quarter - final .
A man who shook a three - month - old baby so hard he suffered a " catastrophic " brain injury has been jailed for eight years .
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in the general election , the Welsh secretary has said .
A woman jailed for stalking her ex - boyfriend 's mother - in - law has had her sentence reduced after judges said her sentence was too lenient .
Three schools in Edinburgh have been temporarily closed as a " precautionary measure " over safety concerns .
Cardiff Devils are the best team in the Elite League and can win the Challenge Cup and Elite League title this season , says netminder Craig Bowns .
Aer Lingus has announced it is to stop flying some of its Dublin to Cork and Dublin flights .
MSPs have been " over the top " in their concerns about the impact of the Scottish government 's funding deal for local authorities , according to Finance Secretary John Swinney .
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a beach in Carmarthenshire .
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found at a quarry .
Two brothers have been jailed for their part in the theft of more than 100 sheep from neighbouring farms .
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station .
Budweiser owner Anheuser - Busch InBev has raised its takeover offer for rival SABMiller , but the brewer has rejected it as " very substantially undervalues " it .
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pensions .
The Premier League has agreed a new US television rights deal for all of its matches from 2016 - 17 .
Young people born in the early 1980s are the first post - war cohort to have less wealth than their predecessors , according to a report .
A man has been found guilty of dragging a 73-year - old man across a driveway in a stolen car .
HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) chairman Mark Thompson has called for a review of the tax rules governing image rights payments to footballers .
A doctor who defrauded a patient out of £ 10,000 has been struck off the medical register by the General Medical Council .
Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential and influential soul and funk groups of the 1970s .
A man has been jailed for three years for registering more than 100 fake births and claiming more than £ 30,000 in benefits .
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for the general election , with a poster featuring the party 's manifesto pledges .
A new £ 1.5 m washing machine factory in Kent has opened its doors to the public .
Police in Pakistan have arrested five people on suspicion of the murder of a Christian couple who were accused of blasphemy .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted a " breakthrough " for the party in the Welsh Assembly election .
Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman says the Football League 's decision to allow Carlisle United to play their next three games at home is " unfair " .
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in Belfast 's annual Pride festival .
MPs have been debating the future of the West End and regional theatre in the House of Commons - and one of the main talking points was Colchester MP David Quince .
The Champions League final at Cardiff 's Principality Stadium will be the biggest game in Welsh football history .
Sheffield Wednesday defender Liam Wildsmith has signed a new three - year contract with the Championship club .
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after the Cypriot government agreed to a bailout deal with international creditors .
The number of alcohol - related arrests at UK airports has more than doubled in the past year , figures obtained by Panorama show .
Sri Lankan maids in Saudi Arabia who fled alleged abuse by their employers have told the BBC that they are still waiting to be sent home .
A deputy police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) suspended over allegations of misconduct has settled her case with the force .
Voters in Tower Hamlets are going to the polls to elect a new mayor .
England 's Tommy Fleetwood and Brian Harman share the lead at the US Open after the second round , with the Englishman hitting the first hole - in - one in US Open history on the 18th at Erin Hills .
An Edinburgh taxi driver 's collection of photographs of people he took in his cab will go on display in the city .
A 51-year - old woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in an Edinburgh street .
Mexico 's President Enrique Pena Nieto has sacked the head of the consumer protection agency after a row over a restaurant raid .
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council ( UNHRC ) of a " chronic anti - Israel bias " and called for reform of the body .
Humberside 's chief constable has written to head teachers asking them to allow police officers on leave during school holidays .
HGV drivers have been caught using their mobile phones while driving in a police crackdown .
MP Sir Kevin Brennan has said he may have breached House of Commons rules over his use of parliamentary facilities .
Turkey 's parliament is set to approve new powers for the country 's police and gendarmes , which critics say could be used to crush dissent .
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
A newspaper , a scroll and a bottle of wine have been found in a time capsule which has been hidden inside a bridge for 121 years .
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia have been found , police have confirmed .
A fish that escaped from a shopping centre during Storm Desmond has been found safe and well .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday , boosted by a rise in oil prices and gains in the financial sector .
Former Watford manager Graham Taylor is to be honoured with a statue and a pre - season match in his memory .
Plans to make five traditional GCSE subjects compulsory for all pupils in England are " unfair " , the head of Ofsted has said .
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is " not proud " of the way he dealt with a row over the use of banned substances by one of his riders .
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise a vulnerable man in the wake of the murder of soldier Lee Rigby .
The EU referendum could be " the second - longest suicide note " in Labour 's history , the party 's former deputy leader is to warn .
Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to search for survivors after a powerful earthquake hit the north - eastern province of Aceh , killing at least 20 people .
Former Watford , Aston Villa and England manager Graham Taylor was one of football 's greats - and one of its greats .
There are two camps in India - the optimistic and the pessimistic .
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen 's Pride and Prejudice has opened .
Carnival , one of the world 's biggest cruise companies , has reported a rise in profits for the third quarter despite a fall in ticket prices .
NHS Grampian has been told it needs to improve staffing levels and care for older people in hospital .
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter - finals with a bonus - point win over Stade Francais after play was delayed by a frozen pitch .
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009 .
A second sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre , the latest in a series of sinkholes in the city .
Netflix has become the first major video - streaming service to launch in every country in the world .
Two Labour MPs have resigned from the party 's front bench in a reshuffle led by Jeremy Corbyn .
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first girl choristers as part of a new recruitment drive .
The way Surrey Police investigates crime is " still not good enough " , the police watchdog has said .
Mae cynllun peilot yng Nghwm Cynon a Chastell - nedd yn canolbwyntio ar gleifion mae eu meddygon teulu yn dangos unrhyw arwyddion neu symptomau
A man accused of plotting a terror attack in the UK allegedly sent an image of a police officer with a " dirty look " to a co - accused , a court has heard .
Kenya 's President Uhuru Kenyatta has accused the judiciary of trying to " interfere in the running of the country " after the High Court ordered the printing of ballot papers for the forthcoming election .
UKIP is " at a crossroads " and needs to be " radical " if it is to become relevant again , UKIP donor Arron Banks has warned .
A fishing boat has capsized off the Anglesey coast after taking on water .
Five police officers have appeared in court charged with misconduct after a police helicopter was used for inappropriate filming .
The new vice chancellor of Oxford University has warned that " radical ideas " should not be allowed on university campuses , because they are " not the answer " .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side prepared for the game they wanted to play against Manchester United and that his side were able to control the game .
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the party 's shadow cabinet after posting a picture of a house in Rochester and Strood on Twitter .
Clyde Blowers Capital has completed the purchase of shipbuilder Ferguson Shipbuilders from administrators .
The French president has warned that " the worst can always happen " as he visited the site of a former Nazi concentration camp in northern France .
A British trader accused of causing a " flash crash " in the US stock market has appeared in court in London charged with fraud .
A cyclist has died while taking part in a charity bike ride .
A gene defect linked to male infertility has been identified by scientists for the first time .
An extra £ 1.1bn will be needed to provide the same level of adult social care services as last year , a survey suggests .
The way we work , play and live with robots is changing , fast .
Scientists have discovered the " master sculptor " behind some of the world 's most famous sandstone arches .
Eight people have been arrested after a gang of up to 30 people broke into a Tesco branch in Flintshire .
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been accused of doing the " worst disservice to the European project " by taking a job with Goldman Sachs .
An exhibition of more than 1,000 photographs taken during 24 hours in Bristol has opened .
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales international cricketer who has been found dead in Cardiff .
A man has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to two children by careless driving in Leeds .
Volkswagen has said it is unsure how many of its diesel cars are affected by the emissions scandal .
Southampton manager Claude Puel says the club want to keep defender Virgil van Dijk .
Johnston Press , the publisher of The Scotsman newspaper , has reported a rise in annual pre - tax profits despite a fall in revenues .
The main railway line between London and Reading could be closed for up to three weeks over the Easter weekend , Network Rail has warned .
One of the youngest victims of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he did not see his brother Philip Steele after the first crush .
Dozens of children have been injured after a water slide collapsed at a carnival in Dorset .
A California man has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 18 cats and wounding three others .
Ireland women 's hockey team have won their first major tournament of the season with a 3 - 0 victory over England in the World League 2 final in Belfast .
Formula 1 boss Christian Horner says he is " amazed " Silverstone has triggered a break clause in its contract to host the British Grand Prix .
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said flag protests are damaging the image of Northern Ireland around the world .
James McClean , Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico in June .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street were mixed on Monday as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of a meeting of central bankers .
A man has been assaulted and robbed at gunpoint at a house in Londonderry .
A man has been found dead in a street in Manchester .
Plans to scrap grants for student nurses in England to help them pay for their training have been criticised by nurses .
American Jason Dufner took a two - shot lead into the final round of the WGC - Cadillac Championship at Baltusrol as he holed an eagle at the 18th for a second successive round .
When I first started working with Henry Blowers on Test Match Special ( TMS ) in the early 1990s , I was always struck by the number of people who would come up to me on the street and ask me what it was like working with him .
A husband and his wife have been jailed for conspiring to hide more than £ 250,000 in their garden after he was released from prison .
Germany 's Thomas Jung remains on course to win his first Badminton Horse Trials title after taking a one - point lead into Sunday 's showjumping final .
The US ambassador to the UK has praised the " special relationship " between the two countries after the first group of UK students will study in US universities this autumn .
Plans for a Â£30 m restoration of a 19th Century stately home destroyed by fire have been shortlisted by the National Trust .
At least 13 people have been arrested in Iran for making a video of themselves dancing to Robbie Williams ' hit song Happy , state media report .
The UCI has confirmed it will investigate a complaint made by Team Sky over an incident at the Tour de France .
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus and a lorry collided on the A34 in Oxfordshire .
A Cardiff University building has been closed after asbestos was found .
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have bulldozed shacks and tents set up by drug addicts in an attempt to clear the area known as " Crackland " .
Peru 's President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for a " great transformation " in the country .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite closing lower .
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is in talks with the Egyptian government about the case of an Irishman on trial in Cairo .
Connacht missed out on a top - four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys at the Sportsground .
All photographs courtesy Strand Collective , Brighton .
Leeds Rhinos kept alive their hopes of a top - four finish in Super League with victory over St Helens at Headingley .
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party 's candidate for London mayor .
One person has been killed in a collision between a tank and a car taking part in a large - scale military exercise in Norway .
A second inquest into the death of toddler Poppi Worthington has been postponed .
French authorities have deported Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin , who was arrested at a Euro 2016 match after returning to France from Spain .
BBC spending on television , radio and online services boosted the UK economy by £ 8bn between 2012 and 2013 , according to the BBC .
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and sentenced to five years in prison by a court in the city of Kirov .
The Sinn Féin leader in Northern Ireland , Gerry Murphy , has told the BBC 's News NI programme that his party will be " stronger than ever " .
Belfast Giants have been named in Great Britain 's squad for this month 's European Championship in Cortina , Italy .
The desk and chair used by Charles Dickens to write his final novel , A Farewell to Arms , are to go on display for the first time after being bought by a heritage fund .
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has been caught up in a row over the fate of thousands of Haitians who returned to the country last year .
More than 5,000 Army personnel are to lose their jobs as part of a £ 38bn defence budget cut .
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan 's first professional football stadium as part of a visit to the country .
Britain 's Johanna Konta says she has " a lot to improve on " after losing to Aleksandra Krunic in the US Open first round .
The Lion King is one of 25 films to be added to the Library of Congress 's National Film and Television Registry .
Slievenacloy , a small piece of land in the west Belfast hills , has been a potted site for centuries .
The Scottish government has said it remains committed to a £ 10bn infrastructure deal with a Chinese consortium despite reports it has collapsed .
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan has increased by more than a third in the past year , according to UN figures .
Hull City striker Lewis Clucas has signed a new three - year contract with the Premier League club .
A man has spent his life savings to pay for a terminally ill Yemeni girl to have life - saving surgery in France .
Scientists have worked out how butterflies navigate the 2,000-mile ( 3,000 km ) journey from monarch butterflies to Mexico by following the Sun .
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh assembly if the number of AMs is increased , the Institute of Directors has said .
The European Arrest Warrant ( EAW ) is an EU - wide system for extraditing suspects who have been arrested in other EU member states .
The collapse of the ceasefire deal in Syria was always going to be difficult .
Two men have been arrested in Londonderry on suspicion of possessing drugs with an estimated street value of more than £ 400,000 .
People are being invited to give their views on a proposed travellers ' site in Machynlleth .
Voters in Switzerland will go to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal to limit immigration .
Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie following their promotion to the Championship .
Lee Yau is the youngest member of Hong Kong 's pro - independence Youngspiration party , and the first woman to be elected to parliament .
Hull FC extended their winning start to the Super League season as they thrashed Catalans Dragons at Stade Gilbert Brutus .
A judge has denied bail to four people accused of beating and torturing a disabled man in a video posted on Facebook Live .
Britain 's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women 's Tour as Netherlands ' Marianne Vos retained the leader 's yellow jersey .
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has risen by more than a million a day , according to new figures .
Two men have been charged with the rape and sexual assault of two women in Sunderland .
Christian Wade scored a hat - trick of tries as Wasps moved up to third in the Premiership with victory at Worcester .
Markets in Asia were mixed on Thursday after US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US central bank should be " patient " about raising interest rates .
Jurassic World , the new Jurassic Park sequel , has topped the US and China box office on its opening weekend .
A British soldier accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has told a court martial he had sex with her " like an animal " .
A man who killed a scooter rider with a single punch after urinating on his leg has been jailed for eight years .
Dundee Waterfront has reached a major milestone in its £ 1bn redevelopment of the city 's waterfront .
The first letter written by John Lennon , which is believed to be the first of his own , is to be sold at auction .
A widow who was at her husband 's funeral said she was " speechless " when she returned home to find her house had been broken into while she was at the service .
Plans to protect a coastal railway line from coastal erosion have been unveiled by Network Rail .
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) has been accused of " pulling the wool over his eyes " over a £ 39 m deal to buy timber from forests hit by a disease .
Five churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have been awarded grants of more than £ 500,000 to carry out repairs .
The Supreme Court is to rule on whether parents can be fined for taking their children on term - time holidays , after a council lost a previous appeal .
David Cameron 's decision to reveal details of his tax affairs - including how he structured his mother 's inheritance - is a significant moment for the UK tax system .
Braille paving stones which were supposed to spell out a poem in Braille have been described as " gobbledygook " by a Braille teacher .
Exposure to two common pesticides could be damaging the brains of honey bees , research suggests .
A group of bikers are taking legal action against a brewery after being banned from a pub .
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re - election in May.
A new code of conduct for police stop - and - searches in Scotland has come into force .
Myanmar investigators say a military plane that crashed last month killing all 15 people on board was brought down by adverse weather conditions .
Storm Axel , the strongest storm to hit northern Germany in more than a decade , has caused flooding and power cuts across the country .
The Hillsborough disaster was the worst football disaster in British history , with 96 people killed and more than 1,200 injured .
An 83-year - old actor with terminal cancer has written to the House of Lords to say he has decided to end his life .
The former chief executive of a young people 's services company was accused of bullying staff and discriminating against black and minority ethnic clients , the BBC has learned .
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB 's Olympic campaign .
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries .
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and stabbing in Rugby .
For days , Quebec City 's Muslim community has been mourning the six people killed in a shooting at a mosque on Sunday .
The United Nations has accused Nigeria 's army of detaining at least 10 children as part of its counter- insurgency operations .
Britain is " stronger in the European Union " than outside , the outgoing president of the European Commission has said .
Mansfield Town striker Danny Green says he turned into an " unhappy player " after his contract was cancelled by the club .
The number of motorcyclists killed on London 's roads has risen by 36 % in a year to 36 , Transport for London has said .
A Porto - based footballer has been banned for four years and three months after being found guilty of assaulting a referee during a match .
Wycombe Wanderers have re - signed Bristol Rovers striker George Lucas on loan until the end of the season .
Tens of thousands of anti - government protesters have taken to the streets of the Thai capital , Bangkok , calling for the government to step down ahead of elections due on 2 February .
The Information Commissioner 's Office has warned of a rise in the number of unsolicited calls and texts offering to help people access their pension savings .
Championship side Leicester City have signed Stoke City striker Joe Gordon on loan for the rest of the season .
It 's the last week of the US presidential election campaign - and it 's been a wild ride .
At first glance , it is hard to believe that a retreat in Pennsylvania in the US state of Pennsylvania could be home to one of the most powerful men in the world .
A collection of Star Wars - themed photographs has been created by a Shetland fisherman on the Firth of Forth .
A woman from Swindon has been appointed as the UK 's first dedicated hedgehog officer in Ipswich .
Essex secured promotion to Division Two of the County Championship as Kent captain James Northeast 's unbeaten century helped them to a draw at Canterbury .
The number of nursing and midwifery vacancies in the Scottish NHS has risen by more than a quarter in a year , according to official figures .
A man is in hospital with a serious head injury after police used a Taser and batons to arrest a gang of men trying to rob a jewellers in central London .
The aftermath of a gas explosion that killed a man in North Yorkshire was " like an airstrike " , an inquest has heard .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes as wildfires continue to burn in Chile .
Johanna Konta says she has " a lot of work to do " to improve after reaching the Wimbledon semi - finals .
Sunderland have sacked manager Dick Advocaat after just eight games in charge of the Premier League club .
The authorities in Guatemala say they are considering whether to evacuate 3,000 people from two villages near an erupting volcano .
People in parts of the UK are to be offered the chance to buy a stake in renewable energy businesses as part of a new government plan .
A man who posted " gruesome " comments on Facebook about a Fife toddler who was later found dead has been jailed for six months .
British pair Andy Murray and James Ward will face each other in the last 32 of Wimbledon on Saturday , with both hoping to reach the last 16 for the first time .
A farming supplies company has reported a rise in profits despite " challenging times " in the agriculture sector following the Brexit vote .
A new boarding school in Surrey is to double in size as part of a council bid to meet a funding gap .
The National Crime Agency ( NCA ) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama 's property loan portfolio in Northern Ireland .
The Irish government has met AMs to discuss the impact of Brexit on Welsh ports .
Meet George the cat who loves to shop !
Mike Young , the creator of SuperTed , is working on a new series of the popular Welsh - language cartoon about a polar bear .
Prince Harry has been photographed sitting on a crocodile during a " top secret mission " in Australia 's Northern Territory .
Russia 's main opposition leader , Alexei Navalny , has been charged with inciting hatred against the state and inciting violence .
A man has been arrested in south London on suspicion of terrorism offences .
Japanese otters are to be reintroduced to Scotland for the first time in more than 100 years .
Nato and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the Afghan province of Wardak , the US military says .
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from two goals down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns .
New Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key has announced he is to step down after eight years in office .
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after his Hawk jet was involved in an emergency landing .
Harry Potter author JK Rowling is celebrating her 90th birthday today .
It is better to be a better educated criminal than a violent one , research suggests .
Raith Rovers missed the chance to go top of Scottish League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Chelsea are back at the top of the Premier League table - and manager Antonio Conte is making it look easy .
An Islamist militant group linked to al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) has called for the release of three Yemeni soldiers it says have been kidnapped by the government .
A judge in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais has lifted a temporary ban on the construction of a controversial hydro - electric dam project .
The number of house sales fell to its lowest level for more than a year in June , according to official figures .
A five - year - old boy has been praised for saving his family from a house fire in Canada by getting them out of the house before it was too late .
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell - Drummond are capable of playing for England , according to former England coach Andy Flower , after the pair 's record - breaking partnership helped the Lions win the tri - series .
A father and daughter from Drumahoe in County Londonderry have made history in the cricket world .
Ben Murdoch - Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford .
More than 1,000 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland in the space of a week , the county council has said .
Reigning world champion Helen Glover says she is confident she can retain her title with coxless pair partner Graeme Swann at the World Championships in Amsterdam in August .
Plans to redevelop Fishguard in Pembrokeshire have been approved by councillors .
There was a " failure of security policy " in the attack on the Houses of Parliament , a security expert has said , amid claims of a " lack of protection " .
Mark McManus scored twice as Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in Scottish League One .
Romania became the first team to win Olympic gold in the men 's team epee with victory over China in Rio .
Plans to improve the A9 at Berriedale Braes have been given the go - ahead by the Scottish government .
A convicted drug dealer who spent two years on the run after being recalled to prison has been arrested .
Stephen Keshi has been sacked by the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) after less than three months in charge of the Super Eagles .
A Russian conductor has given a concert in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra , where Islamic State ( IS ) militants destroyed monuments during their occupation .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is more dangerous than a new Cold War , a new assessment by the Economist Intelligence Unit ( EIU ) says .
Plans to redevelop a former gay and lesbian ( LGBT ) pub into flats have been given the go - ahead - with a condition that an LGBT bar must have first refusal on the site .
The " black box " of a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month will not be able to retrieve any data from it , the Russian military says .
Widnes Vikings say their artificial pitch posed no more danger to players than any other surface they played on at the weekend .
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a second consultation on the future of two schools in the town .
A house in Carmarthenshire has been searched by counter - terrorism police investigating the Westminster terror attack .
Blackberry has reported a return to profit for the first three months of the year , helped by sales of its new Z10 smartphone .
Police Scotland 's most senior officer has defended the actions of its armed officers after criticism of their use of force .
A pilot scheme to stop parents parking illegally outside their children 's school was halted after three months , the BBC has learned .
Scotland will have 13 athletes at this summer 's World Championships in London , the highest number since 1983 .
It 's a big day for the dairy industry .
A new Santa Claus attraction at a golf resort in the West Midlands has closed just two days before Christmas .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused rival Ted Cruz of " stealing " the Iowa caucuses , saying the Texan " stole " the contest .
A review is to be carried out into the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee .
It is Christmas Eve in Bethlehem , the city where the Nativity story is believed to have happened .
A second teenager has been arrested in connection with a machete attack at a London shopping centre on Saturday .
Pro - Ukrainian hackers are among the most effective cyber - thieves in the conflict in eastern Ukraine .
Fewer than half of hospital patients with sepsis in Wales are being treated quickly enough , according to research .
The route taken to deliver the message of victory at the Battle of Waterloo has been retraced to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle .
The number of people killed in an ambush by Boko Haram militants in north - eastern Nigeria on Tuesday has risen to at least 40 , officials say .
Cladding used on the outside of a tower block in west London has failed to contain fire , the prime minister has said .
The round £ 1 coin is set to be replaced by a new 12-sided design , the Royal Mint has announced .
When Zinedine Zidane took over as Real Madrid manager in February 2016 , the team were in crisis .
A firearms instructor who had his licence revoked after posting " highly offensive " messages on Facebook about the Muslim faith has won his appeal .
The UK government has been accused of breaching its human rights obligations by failing to fund investigations into killings by the security forces during the Troubles .
Eurozone finance ministers have backed Greece 's pro - bailout New Democracy party in its bid to form a government , after it won Sunday 's election .
Stoke City defender Glen Johnson has signed a new three - year contract with the Premier League club .
A neighbour has told a court that he tried to wash acid off the face of a News of the World editor after he was attacked by two men .
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three - year contract with Glasgow Warriors that will keep him at Scotstoun until 2019 .
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London .
A woman has died after being hit by a train in Suffolk .
England defender Mandy van den Berg has signed a new two - year contract with Women 's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies .
Kilcoo set up a Ulster SFC semi - final against Kilcar or Glenswilly by beating 10-man Scotstown 1 - 13 to 0 - 13 thanks to a goal from Conor Johnston .
The Wedgwood Museum 's collection of art and artefacts has been sold for £ 1.5 m after a campaign to raise money to pay off the debt of the collapsed company .
South Sudan 's president has sacked the entire cabinet in a major reshuffle , amid reports of a power struggle within the governing party .
When I caught up with Gavin Robinson in the leafy streets just outside the Stormont estate where he is standing in the East Belfast council election he had the protection of a police escort .
The FBI has said it is " very concerned " about Apple and Google 's plans to weaken security systems on their mobile devices .
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of five players , including Jack Kirby , Joe Gumbs , Josh Duggan , Joe Buxton , Jack Ridehalgh and James Duggan .
Welshman Liam Evans retained his IBF super - featherweight title with a unanimous points victory over England 's Jamie Ormond in Cardiff .
A man from East Lothian has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of tax fraud .
Amara Alhaji is a student at Norwich University .
A Cardiff - based online insurance comparison firm has been given funding to expand its business .
A 41-year - old man has died after being found injured in a flat in Dumfries .
Corruption is a key factor in the rise of so - called Islamic State ( IS ) and the fight against it , according to a new report .
A community - run pub has been named the best community pub in the UK in a national competition .
China says it is " firmly committed " to the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula , after talks with the US in Beijing .
China is the world 's second - largest economy and the largest producer and consumer of energy , and is attracting record amounts of foreign investment .
The UK government has announced that it is raising the rate of the bank levy , a tax on the debts of the UK 's banks , to 0.088 % , from January .
Ross County have completed the signing of Lithuania international midfielder Tomas Sernas on a two - year deal .
Venezuela 's opposition - controlled parliament has been left in the dark after power cut off during a debate on energy policy .
An elderly woman has been hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh .
The Rolling Stones are " playing around " with the idea of a world tour , guitarist Keith Richards has said .
Fewer than a third of seven- to 15-year - olds in England are allowed to go out alone in their local area without supervision , according to a global survey .
It was supposed to be a moment that rocked the virtual world .
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad for their pre - season tour of Italy .
A drone that can be controlled by a person using only their brainwaves has been developed .
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka was racially abused at Heathrow Airport on Monday night , the BBC understands .
Spencer Matthews has thanked fans for their support after winning The Jump .
Wales coach Warren Gatland refused to make any excuses for his side 's defeat by South Africa in their World Cup quarter - final defeat by Australia .
A look at some of the top stories of the week in Irish politics .
Clermont Auvergne and England scrum - half Alex Abendanon says he has changed his mind about playing for England after moving to France .
Partick Thistle missed the chance to end an eight - game winless run as they were held to a draw by Ross County .
Scientists in the US say they have successfully grown rat kidneys that can be transplanted into rats .
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers .
Great Britain 's Greg Rutherford produced a superb long jump to win the men 's long jump at the Great Manchester City Games .
There has been a lot of talk in the run - up to the two - day strike by junior doctors in England .
Welsh MPs have been sworn in to the House of Commons - but how do they feel about their new digs ?
Gregor Townsend will name his final Scotland squad for the summer Tests against Italy , Australia and Fiji on Saturday when Glasgow Warriors play Edinburgh .
Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed again .
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government 's plans to partially relax purdah rules in the run - up to the EU referendum .
The National Crime Agency has agreed to continue investigations into allegations of historical child sex abuse in north Wales .
A double - decker bus was left stranded on a farm muck heap after being driven down a no - through road and ignored a " no - through " sign .
The head of the Republic of Ireland 's Garda Síochána ( Irish police ) has said the gardaí need to recruit an extra 300 officers every year .
A cat who has been on the run for the last two years for stealing items from neighbours ' homes has been stealing toy food .
Prime Minister David Cameron 's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated " inadequate " by inspectors .
Cardiff City midfielder Jordan Hoilett says it was a " no - brainer " for him to join manager Neil Warnock at Cardiff City .
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it would be a " no - brainer " for the club to re - sign former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker .
South Africa has cancelled its planned withdrawal from the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) after losing a legal challenge .
Police Scotland has been contacted by another former pupil about a historical matter at Gordonstoun School in Edinburgh .
Two people have been rescued from a first floor window after a fire broke out in a lounge at a house in Manchester .
Sarin gas was used in a chemical attack on a rebel - held town in northern Syria in April that killed dozens of people , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says .
The UK 's oldest trees have been shortlisted for the BBC 's Tree of the Year competition .
Chile has called on the Venezuelan government to release a journalist who has been detained in Caracas for more than a week .
More than 100 jobs are to go at a fish and chip factory in Londonderry .
Microsoft has unveiled a " complete " collection of the best - selling Halo video games for the new Xbox One console .
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women 's Euro 2017 as Denmark came from behind to reach the semi - finals .
Ipswich Town 's poor run of form continued as they were beaten by Derby County at Portman Road .
The family of a woman found dead in a Texas jail cell three days after she was arrested have said she had tried to kill herself in the past .
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of five assistant captains for this week 's match against Europe .
Children with type 1 diabetes are being kept out of school and away from their families because of the high cost of hospitalisation , according to research .
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo ahead of a World Cup qualifier .
Hungary , a small country in central Europe , is one of the most prosperous countries in Central Europe .
A " dominant bully " has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years for his part in a gang which smuggled guns and ammunition into the UK .
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for her role as a drugs mule has returned to the UK .
Nigeria 's military says it has begun operations to " rid the nation 's border territories of terrorist bases and activities " .
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after he was sent off in the 2 - 1 defeat by Manchester United .
US President Donald Trump 's plan to withhold federal funding from so - called sanctuary cities has been blocked by a judge in California .
A solar - powered phone box charging station is being rolled out in central London to help smartphone users charge their devices .
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has criticised his side 's attitude ahead of Thursday 's National League game against Tranmere Rovers .
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones could be the " next Ronda Rousey " in the sport , according to Welsh mixed martial arts fighter Brett Johns .
A multi - million pound shopping and entertainment complex has opened in Newport city centre .
The New Horizons spacecraft is preparing to fire its thrusters for its historic flyby of Pluto .
World number one Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a four - shot victory at the Honda Classic in Florida .
A Canadian man has been arrested after US border patrol agents say he fired a gun at them and then fled on foot , sparking a major manhunt .
India 's economy grew at a faster - than - expected rate of 7.8 % in the three months to December , according to official figures .
A Northern Ireland football fan has denied taking part in a racist chant during Saturday 's FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .
Ipswich Town defender James Taylor says he has been given the respect of his new team - mates on his first day at Portman Road .
Cities across the UK face " significant economic challenges " as the UK leaves the European Union , according to researchers .
Villagers in remote parts of Nepal have blocked roads with tyres and petrol bombs in protest at the lack of aid for those affected by the earthquake .
A housing company is to demolish two tower blocks and maisonettes in Southampton following a public vote .
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £ 1 m have been seized by police in County Donegal .
England are through to the semi - finals of the World Twenty20 after a thrilling win over Sri Lanka in Delhi .
Nigeria 's President Goodluck Jonathan has condemned a social media campaign to secure the release of more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in the north - eastern town of Chibok , saying it is " psychological terrorism " .
A man has been jailed for life for the " barbaric " murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow .
Bees from different parts of the UK are being asked to share their noises in a bid to find out why they make different noises .
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders Castleford with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley .
Two baby otters have been born at a zoo in the US state of New York .
A Canadian man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks on lawyers in the city of Winnipeg .
Mexico 's Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned after a meeting with US presidential candidate Donald Trump .
The draw has been made for the third round of the EFL Cup and Scottish League Cup .
A letter written by DH Lewis to his wife in the days after Japan 's surrender at the end of World War Two has sold at auction for £ 3,500 .
The Queen 's uncharacteristically undiplomatic comments about President Xi Jinping 's state visit to the UK have raised questions about the security arrangements around the visit .
The ejector seats on the Hawker Hunter jet that crashed in East Sussex , killing 11 people , had expired more than a year before the crash , investigators have found .
No - one has come forward to claim a £ 1.5 m lottery jackpot bought in Denbighshire - so the National Lottery has appealed for the owner to come forward .
Welsh devolution could not be won if it were to be re - run today , Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said .
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged attempt to blackmail a national team - mate with a sex tape .
The daughter of Tracey and Pierce Wilkinson , who were stabbed to death , has spoken of the " devastating " loss of her mother and brother .
Asia has overtaken North America as the world 's richest region for the first time , according to a report from the US Federal Reserve .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on life as a diamond miner in Sierra Leone .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to see out his two - year contract with the club .
The public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales will " expose both creditable and discreditable conduct " , Lord Justice Pitchford has said .
Lewis Hamilton described his performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix as " one of the worst he has put in for a long , long time " as he fought back to finish sixth .
David Coetzer believes Scotland 's return to international cricket is crucial as they prepare to face Afghanistan in the first of two one - day internationals .
Ebbsfleet fought back from 2 - 0 down at half - time to earn a 2 - 2 draw at Guiseley .
Scotland 's education secretary has launched an online resource to help teachers and school leaders decide how to improve the learning of children .
Carlisle United have signed winger Pedro from Dutch side FC Groningen on a two - year deal .
( Close ) : Shares in Marks and Spencer fell on Monday after the supermarket group said it would not be able to complete its planned £ 12bn takeover of wholesaler Booker .
Police investigating the deaths of two men who were killed in an explosion at a factory in Harford , County Down , believe there was a " flashover explosion " .
Nigeria 's former Fifa vice - president Samson Adamu says he is not aware of an investigation into his conduct .
Activity in the UK 's manufacturing sector fell to a three - year low in April , according to a closely watched survey .
Thousands of rowers have descended on Newcastle for the return of the University Boat Race .
The family of a Muslim family stopped from travelling to the US for a Disneyland holiday have demanded an apology from Katie Hopkins after she claimed they were extremists .
US President Donald Trump has banned people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the US for 90 days .
A gay vicar has said the Church of England is institutionally homophobic .
Championship strugglers Blackburn Rovers and Bristol City shared a point at Ewood Park .
A senior Russian official has been arrested on suspicion of defrauding the government out of millions of dollars by selling off part of a road built for the Sochi Winter Olympics .
Burton Albion moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable win over Birmingham City .
The sell - off in US and European bonds has continued after Donald Trump 's victory in the US presidential election .
A flower shop has been targeted by scammers pretending to be from TalkTalk .
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French club Le Havre .
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing , which left 22 people dead and 59 injured .
When you think of the words ' women in a man 's world ' , you probably think of Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle .
A Dundee company has pleaded guilty to health and safety breaches following the death of a worker who died after inhaling toxic fumes from a paint stripper .
Manchester City secured a top - four Premier League finish and Champions League football next season as they drew with Swansea to secure fourth place in the table .
Britain 's Chris Froome and Spain 's Alberto Contador remain separated by Richie Porte at the top of the Criterium du Dauphine general classification .
With all the walking , running , cycling and gym activity you intend to do over the next few months , it 's fair to say you 'll be doing a lot of walking .
A civic trust has called for a strategic approach to the future protection of heritage in Londonderry following the demolition of the former Ballymena factory .
A " wicked and despicable " grandfather has been jailed for life for murdering his six - year - old granddaughter .
A woman from New Zealand is still waiting to find out if she will be allowed to travel to New Zealand to attend her grandfather 's funeral .
Nigeria 's government is trying to modernise religious schools in the north - eastern city of Kano , which have been the target of attacks by Islamist militants Boko Haram .
Bristol Rovers defender Chris Andrew has had his 12-match ban for elbowing Manchester United 's Chris Smalling in the head during their FA Cup semi - final win at Wembley cut to six games .
Scientists say they have found a way to boost the immune system 's ability to fight the HIV virus , in a trial in humans .
Russian athletes went to " unprecedented lengths " to avoid drugs tests at the national weightlifting and wrestling championships , a report says .
" If you want to know what it 's like to be in the ring with Floyd Mayweather , look no further . "
Police have released a new image of one of three men they want to speak to in connection with the attempted murder of a couple during a burglary at their home .
The potential for co - operative housing in Wales is " great " , according to a new report .
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a flat in Dundee .
A Canadian police helicopter has been criticised after its pilots were overheard having an expletive - laden conversation with residents .
The UK 's Supreme Court is to hear arguments on Tuesday in the case of a celebrity who is suing the Sun on Sunday over an alleged extra - marital affair .
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 88 runs to go second in Division One .
A woman has been raped in a street in Dundee .
Drivers on the Luas tram system in the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept a pay rise after a long - running dispute .
US striker Alex Morgan has signed a two - year deal to join Lyon from Women 's Super League One side Washington Spirit .
A murder investigation has been launched after a woman 's body was found at a house in Dundee .
Bolivia 's President Evo Morales has lost a referendum on whether he can run for a third term in office .
Prof Stephen Hawking is among the judges in a competition being held by the science website ScienceDirect .
A former head teacher at a school at the centre of the Trojan Horse affair has been struck off .
At the other end of the spectrum , there are plenty of people making goods , and more expensively .
( Close ) : London 's benchmark FTSE 100 share index closed lower , with shares in oil and gas firm Anglo American falling more than 7 % after it reported weaker - than - expected results .
Hearts ' return to the Scottish Premiership will boost the profile of the top flight , according to Scottish Professional Football League chief executive David Doncaster .
Everton are set to appoint Southampton boss Ronald Koeman as their new manager , BBC Sport understands .
A police watchdog has launched an investigation into the death of a woman who was stabbed to death at her home in Fife .
Mae Heddlu'r Gogledd yn debyg bod y ddau yn teithio mewn car Citroen Zara aur , gyda'r rhif VRN YS52VTV .
The Dangerous Dogs Act is " not effective " and should be scrapped , an MP has said .
A hoard of 1,000-year - old silver coins found in County Down have been declared treasure at an inquest in Banbridge .
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have joined the club even if they had not played European games this season .
David Oyelowo has called Benedict Cumberbatch 's use of the word " coloured " " ridiculous " .
Northern Ireland 's Michael Sharvin carded a six - under - par 66 to move into a share of the lead after round one of the Australian Open .
Scotland forward Scott Forsyth says playing in front of a home crowd at the European Hockey Championship will help boost the team 's chances of promotion .
Russia and Qatar had " no choice " but to bribe Fifa to win the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , according to Sepp Blatter 's former chief of staff .
Victoria Gwynne remembers the moment she and her husband Nicky were told they were going to be parents .
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols has been recommended following the sinking of a crab boat in which three fishermen died .
A fake BBC news story claiming to be from the BBC has been circulating on social media in Kenya .
Great Britain 's women won their first medal of the EuroHockey Championships with a 4 - 3 win over New Zealand in their final match .
Dundee United have signed Ross Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee .
A man has been jailed for life in Lapland for the murder of his Scottish partner in the Arctic .
The Afghan police chief in the capital , Kabul , has been replaced by a former provincial police chief after the resignation of Gen Ashraf Zahir .
A 15-year - old girl has died after being hit by a car .
A man who killed a teenager and injured three others in a hit - and - run crash has been jailed .
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales ' decision on Armistice Day .
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK political parties of offering " no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all " .
Thousands of people have gathered in Togo to pay tribute to former coach Stephen Keshi , who died earlier this month .
England all - rounder Heather Brunt missed out on a place in the final of the Women 's Big Bash League as Perth Thunder lost to Adelaide Strikers .
A landowner in Pakistan has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey and beating him to death , police say .
A drilling rig is to be sent to the Beatrice oil field as part of a decommissioning project .
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers and win the best - of - seven NBA Finals .
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member in a " power struggle " in north London .
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died following a stabbing .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the stories that made headlines in Africa in 2016 .
A senior Muslim leader has called on Muslims and non - Muslims to " stand up against all forms of oppression , hatred and hatred " in the wake of the Westminster terror attack .
A primary school head teacher has been suspended after being fined for taking children on term - time holidays .
Former Scotland manager Alex McLeish has agreed a deal to become the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek .
The number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to increase by two thirds in the next 20 years , according to new figures .
West Indies won the World Twenty20 for the first time in their history as Kraigg Brathwaite 's last - ball six helped them beat England by three wickets in a thrilling final in Mumbai .
Glamorgan must improve " a helluva lot " if they are to challenge for promotion to Division One of the County Championship , says head coach Mark Mott .
Kirsten Purve - Jorendal was born and raised in the Indian city of Pune in the western state of Maharashtra .
Northern Ireland 's health department is to receive an extra £ 200 m from the Northern Ireland Executive .
A panel of experts has been appointed to investigate events at De La Salle College .
An artificial intelligence system has been trained to diagnose skin cancer at the same level as board - certified dermatologists .
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod ' na alw am fwy o raglenni lleol ar wahân i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a dar
Junior doctors in England are to stage a series of 24-hour strikes in a dispute over pay and conditions , the chief medical officer for England has said .
A cyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a Monmouthshire road died from head injuries , an inquest heard .
A 25-year - old motorcyclist has died following a collision with a car and a motorcycle in Edinburgh .
Britain 's Hannah Toulson has won gold in the women 's synchronised 10 m platform at the European Aquatics Championships ahead of the World Championships .
The RSPCA is warning cat owners in Carmarthenshire about the dangers of poisoning after three cats were put to sleep .
Cardiff City Council ( CBC ) has drawn up plans for Wales ' first gondola railway line .
The US - based Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) has condemned comments made by Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte about the rape and murder of a missionary .
The Open University ( OU ) is planning to use data analytics to identify students who may be struggling with online courses and offer extra support .
Celtic football fans in the Isle of Man have called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear plant .
An NHS trust which provides mental health services in Lancashire has been rated " outstanding " by inspectors .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street ended the year on a positive note , with the S&P 500 and Dow Jones closing at record highs .
Ar un adeg roedd deg person tân yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i'w codi uwchben yr adeilad er mwyn ceisio diffodd y fflamau ddydd Sadwrn .
Kenya 's Faith Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women 's marathon as Bahrain 's Lelisa Kirwa took silver .
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three - year contract with the Championship club .
The parents of a woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written an open letter to her friends in the island nation saying they can not attend her funeral .
David Cameron needs to produce a White Paper setting out how his plans for more devolution for Scotland would work in practice , a senior Conservative peer has said .
Deep - sea sediments from 8 million years ago are being used to study the ancient climate of India .
St Johnstone eased to victory over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle at McDiarmid Park .
In the wake of Rolf Harris 's conviction for child sex offences in the UK , he is facing a backlash in his native Australia .
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) says its comet lander Philae has contacted Earth for the first time since going into hibernation .
Russian authorities are visiting dozens of non - governmental organisations ( NGOs ) in the capital , Moscow , to carry out inspections .
A new marketing body for Northern Ireland 's agri - food industry is to be established .
Iraqi forces have retaken control of Mosul 's airport from so - called Islamic State ( IS ) militants as part of an offensive to retake the city of western Mosul .
A man and a woman have been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in Bath .
A rare albino deer has been born in the US state of Oregon in America .
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone is one of the most successful coaches in the history of Spanish football , but he is probably not the most famous .
Telefonica and Hutchison Whampoa are taking legal action against the regulator , Ofcom , over its decision to begin an auction of 4 G spectrum .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
Scottish Labour 's new leader Kezia Dugdale has called on party members to give her a chance after winning 72 % of the vote in her leadership contest .
A man who stopped a machete attack in Mold and a man who shielded his partner from bullets during a terror attack in Tunisia are among the nominees for the St David Awards .
Six Scottish swimmers have been selected in Team GB 's squad for the Rio Olympics .
Liverpool defender Ragnar Klavan is available to face Manchester City after missing the defeat by Monaco with a hamstring injury .
Two fly - tippers who dumped 42 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street have been jailed .
Prince Harry has said he is " fired up and energised " to be in a position to make a difference in the world .
A woman who was seriously injured in a motorway crash which killed her friend has said she wants to help other victims of major trauma .
Staff at a mental health hospital in North Tyneside were left " shocked " when a pizza delivery man told them the word " mental health " was on the box .
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut in a new play based on one of her favourite novels .
The chief of police in the US city of Baltimore has been removed from his post amid a " crime surge " in the city .
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are at it again .
Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in their second Pool C match at the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in New Zealand .
A Canadian woman has become the first person in the country to win a C$ 1.5 m ( Â£1.1 m ; $ 1.2 m ) lottery jackpot , only to discover she had bought the wrong ticket .
The European Commission is investigating whether the Northern Ireland Executive is breaking EU rules on water charges .
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US and Canada box office in its first weekend of release , ending a run of disappointing sequels .
Mario Balotelli says he will always have a " very special place in his heart " for Manchester City after signing for AC Milan .
Hundreds of people have attended a service to switch on a church 's floodlights for the first time since they were stolen during flooding .
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station ( ISS ) on its Maps and Street View services .
Judges in England and Wales could be able to jail rapists for up to 19 years under new sentencing guidelines for sexual offences .
Josh Routledge scored twice as Swansea City beat Charlotte Independence in the EFL Cup first round .
Greece captain Evangelos Karagounis will retire from international football at the end of the World Cup .
Scientists have developed a 3D - printed version of cartilage that can be used to replace damaged tissue in the body .
Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , the front - runner in the race for the Republican presidential nomination , has become embroiled in a fresh controversy over his past .
A priest who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a vicar in the 1980s has made a complaint against five former bishops .
The European Union is struggling to find a solution to the migrant crisis , as hundreds of thousands of migrants and refugees continue to arrive in Europe .
Tribesmen in the Iraqi city of Fallujah have clashed with Islamic State ( IS ) militants for the first time in more than two years , officials say .
Talks aimed at resolving the Southern rail dispute will take place on Friday , the rail company has said .
Manchester City Council 's chief executive has been suspended as part of an investigation into alleged failings in the handling of a safeguarding case .
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is " angry " at the UK government 's " walk - on - by attitude " to the migrant crisis after the death of a three - year - old Syrian boy on a Turkish beach .
Two US senators who have long been staunch supporters of gun rights have called for stricter gun control laws in the wake of the Newtown school shooting .
The new Scottish Premiership season gets under way on Saturday , with Celtic , Aberdeen , Hearts and Dundee United looking to build on last season 's success .
There is a palpable sense of nervousness in the Conservative Party ahead of Tuesday 's meeting of the party 's 1922 committee , where senior figures are expected to discuss the future of Theresa May.
Commonwealth super - lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he learned a lot about himself after his victory over Belgium 's Charles Joubert in Glasgow .
Austrian police have arrested a lookalike of Adolf Hitler after he was spotted in the town where the Nazi leader was born in 1889 .
A grand piano once owned by King George III has been returned to Brighton 's Royal Pavilion after being dormant for 20 years .
If you want to know how to stop the tide of tourists coming to your country , look to the sea .
A man has been cleared of a string of sex offences against boys in Nottingham .
Planning permission has been granted for Dyson to expand its headquarters in Oxfordshire .
The mood at Likud headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief .
A cyclist has been killed in a crash in south London .
A Florida mosque has been moved from a polling station after complaints from residents who said they did not want to vote in a place of worship .
More than 705 emails and passwords belonging to US government agencies have been found on the open web , according to a security firm .
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of several US - based pro - democracy and human rights groups as part of an investigation into foreign funding .
Members of the National Association of Teachers and Lecturers ( NASUWT ) in Northern Ireland are to stage a second strike in a dispute over pay .
An Isle of Lewis councillor has called on the owner of a drilling rig that ran aground on Lewis to consider recycling parts of it in the islands .
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt praised his side 's fightback from a disastrous start to lose to Argentina in the second Test of their summer tour , but admitted his side must regroup .
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal to re - sign Burton Albion defender Joe Ward on loan until the end of the season .
" Did you set this up , mate ? "
A railway station is to undergo a £ 1.5 m refurbishment .
Pupils in Wales have achieved the same proportion of A * and A grades as last year in their GCSE results .
Boris Johnson 's surprise announcement that he is standing against David Cameron in the UK referendum on European Union membership has been widely reported in European media .
Senegalese troops have crossed into The Gambia in a bid to force President Yahya Jammeh to step down , after he refused to accept defeat in elections .
A team of scientists at the University of Nottingham has carried out the first study of its kind on cloned sheep , looking for signs of arthritis or osteoarthritis .
The Revenant and Steve Jobs were the big winners at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles , with both films picking up two prizes each .
Cameroon defender Stephane Chedjou has joined Istanbul Basaksehir .
Labour is " walking in the opposite direction " on the issues that will decide the next general election , a senior Conservative MP has said .
A body has been recovered by lifeboat crews searching for a missing cyclist in Cornwall .
Scientists in the US have developed stem cells that can deliver cancer - killing toxins to brain tumours .
Northampton flanker Ben Foden says he will have to push himself to the limit if he is to keep up with England team - mate Mike Brown in the Six Nations .
League Two side Notts County have re - signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder George Long on loan until the end of the season .
Nottingham Forest fought back from a goal down to earn a point against Preston at the City Ground .
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa president Michel Platini have been banned from all football - related activity for eight years by Fifa 's ethics committee .
Flooding caused by a burst water main outside a London Underground station has caused disruption to commuters .
A man has died after an accident involving a chainsaw in south London .
A campaign to help people who have been stalked or murdered by ex - partners is being launched by a charity .
Last week , the Syrian army launched a major offensive against rebel - held areas in the north of the country .
Riot police in Madrid have used baton charges to disperse Leicester City fans who clashed with officers in the centre of the Spanish capital .
A guide dog has become one of EasyJet 's most travelled dogs in the UK .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said his players " did not want to play " in the Premier League draw with Sunderland because they were " too tired " .
Lily James has always wanted to be an action hero .
The NHS in England has launched a national registry of breast implant surgery patients in the wake of the PIP scandal .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street .
A security guard has been threatened with a gun during an armed robbery outside a supermarket in West Lothian .
Three people have been killed and dozens injured after a " monster truck " crashed into a crowd at a car show in the Netherlands , officials say .
The Prince of Wales has marked the centenary of the start of World War One by paying tribute to those who lost their lives during the conflict .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The family of a murder victim have said they have " absolutely no faith in the justice system " after it was revealed his killer will be released from prison in nine years .
Rory McIlroy has played down the importance of his Ryder Cup match against Rickie Fowler .
A man has been jailed after he was caught with a fake gun and knife outside two West Sussex schools .
The European Commission is to recommend in principle that a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset should go ahead .
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated to the National League for the first time in their history after defeat by Leyton Orient .
Cristiano Ronaldo was not in the Portugal team as they lost 2 - 0 to Cape Verde Islands in a friendly in Lisbon .
Turkish police officers will be allowed to wear headscarves under their uniforms for the first time from next month , the interior ministry has announced .
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in a chair .
The mother of a baby boy who had a plastic angel inserted in his oesophagus after he regurgitated food has said she has lost faith in the NHS .
Kirsty Evans says missing out on Euro 2017 would be " more heartbreak than humiliation " for Scotland women as they bid to reach their first major finals .
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Kilkeel , County Antrim .
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a lake in Hertfordshire after the car they were in plunged into the water .
David Beckham 's bid to set up his own Major League Soccer team in Miami has been given the go - ahead by the league .
A new sixth form college is set to open in Flintshire .
Celtic could be without two of their leading forwards for their Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg on Wednesday .
Hong Kong is the world 's most active city , according to a global study of smartphone activity data .
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis workshop organised by tennis player and mother - of - two Kim Murray .
A woman has been hit with a crowbar during an attempted robbery in Londonderry .
The family of a British man missing in Brussels after the attacks in the Belgian capital are " desperate " to find him .
The chief executive of Celtic Energy has said the company will not be held responsible for the clean - up of two of its former mines .
A Borders town 's main road is to be closed to allow work to begin on a flood protection scheme .
When The KLF announced they were quitting the music industry at the end of 1993 , they made headlines around the world .
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga as they beat Stuttgart to keep alive their hopes of winning the title .
Maxine Peake , George Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in Russell T Davies ' new BBC One adaptation of The Dream .
Pro - Russian activists in eastern Ukraine have taken over several government buildings in the eastern city of Luhansk .
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 71 .
New Zealand survived a second - half fightback from South Africa to reach the World Cup semi - finals for the first time in their history .
Premier League B teams could play in the Football League under plans to expand the English football pyramid .
A man has denied assaulting a doctor at a hospital in North Lanarkshire with a razor blade .
The Polish government has backed calls for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 Smolensk plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 others .
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is looking forward to his first visit to Hampden Park as he prepares to lead his side out in the Scottish Cup semi - final against Rangers .
American Apparel 's board of directors has said it would be " hard to find any board of any company " willing to hire its former chief executive , Dov Charney , after allegations of sexual harassment .
In her first interview since becoming the new director of the Tate Modern , Sarah Balshaw is clear about her ambition .
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 40 years , according to new figures .
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to shut down schools in the city after receiving a hoax bomb threat .
Russia has said it will continue its military support for Syrian government forces despite the collapse of a partial cessation of hostilities .
A group of dog owners in China have handed in a petition to the government calling for an end to the annual dog meat festival .
Scunthorpe United defender Chris Bishop has signed a new one - year contract with the club .
A care home has been told to improve the safety and well - being of residents after inspectors found a number of failings .
Irish Water has said a temporary fix has been put in place to a water main which has been causing major disruption to supplies in the Republic of Ireland .
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague 's breast and asked her to " bend over " a photocopier has been suspended from the profession .
" Cancer is a disease of Darwinian evolution . "
Exeter and Saracens have expressed concern about the legal action brought by ex - Saracens player George Willis against the Premiership club .
Dumfries and Galloway Council has " generally met its objectives " in supporting major festivals and events in the region , a review has found .
A Russian submarine has been forced to leave the area of an aircraft carrier - led flotilla in the Mediterranean by anti - submarine ships , the Russian military says .
It 's been more than a year since an earthquake hit Nepal in Central Asia .
A contestant in the Miss America beauty pageant has come under fire for saying that healthcare was a " privilege " and not a right , rather than a right .
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are " still probably favourites " to retain the Ashes , despite winning the first Test in Cardiff .
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom captain Jonny Evans , reports BBC Radio 5 live .
Mae cwest wedi ei gweld yn fyw am y tro diwethaf am tua 19:00 ar 21 Rhagfyr yn Aberystwyth i'r casgliad bod ei marwolaeth yn un
US carmaker General Motors ( GM ) has said it will stop making cars in India as part of a global business restructuring .
Frenchman Daniel Levy is one shot clear at the halfway stage of the German Open after a rain - affected second round at Bad Griesbach .
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams would have to have given the final say over the killing of former IRA member David Donaldson , a lawyer for the family of the murdered man has said .
The body of a man has been found in the sea off the coast of Cornwall .
A man has been seriously injured in a suspected hit - and - run in Brighton .
The Scottish government has announced a £ 10 m fund to help people made redundant by the downturn in the oil and gas industry .
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers , Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle counterpart Alan Archibald are among the nominees for the PFA Scotland manager of the year award .
Mexican police have arrested three more suspects in connection with the escape of drugs lord Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman earlier this month .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes broke out at the venue .
A court in Japan has given the go - ahead for two nuclear reactors to be restarted .
The UK 's three intelligence agencies have stepped up efforts to recruit more women as part of efforts to boost diversity , the government says .
South Africa 's government has proposed a minimum wage of 12,000 rand ( $ 1,000 ; Â£800 ; $ 1,200 ) a month for all workers .
A bullet found in the body of a man who was shot dead by paratroopers during the Troubles in 1971 has been exhumed and will be examined by police .
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern believes James Burke has the potential to become a " very , very good player " after his £ 13 m move to Germany .
Russell Brand has deleted the phone number of a Daily Mirror reporter after he tweeted it out .
Rome 's city council has ordered that padlocks attached to a bridge in the Italian capital are removed because they are damaging the structure .
Two people have died after a two - car crash in Caithness .
About 50,000 homes and businesses in Lancashire were left without power for more than an hour after a substation failed at a power station .
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia that have been shut by the government .
Two people have been arrested after a man died when he was hit by a car in Kent .
Ospreys made it three wins out of three in the Pro12 this season as they ran in seven tries against Benetton Treviso .
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side " deserved " to win their La Liga game against Real Madrid , despite being held to a draw by Luka Modric 's late equaliser .
Crofters could be offered loans to help them get on the housing ladder , according to Communities Secretary Lesley McLeod .
The Thing , one of the world 's most famous robots , is being rebuilt at London 's Science Museum .
An Italian teenager is taking legal action after an anti - gay party used a photo of her boyfriend on a leaflet featuring an image of a transgender boy .
Swansea 's £ 1bn tidal lagoon will be a " disgrace " if the government pulls the plug on it , an MP has said .
Eight puppies and two full - grown dogs have been stolen from a house in West Lothian .
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland forward Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two - year deal .
Iraqi forces fighting so - called Islamic State ( IS ) militants in the city of Falluja are facing their " toughest fighting " yet , the US military says .
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club 's failure to reach the Champions League .
Former celebrity publicist Michael Clifford told police he " gyrated around " when asked about an allegation he sexually assaulted a woman , a court has heard .
The UK will not be allowed to have " special discussions " with other EU member states in key areas such as finance , telecommunications or chemicals during Brexit negotiations , the EU has said .
Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced a ban on Twitter , saying it is part of a crackdown on " anti - government propaganda " .
Chile 's president has declared a state of emergency in parts of central Chile after a powerful earthquake triggered a tsunami off the coast .
Mark Natzler has been appointed as the new House of Commons Clerk , Speaker John Bercow has announced .
Film - maker Keanu Reeves talks to the BBC about his new documentary Side by Side , which explores the transition from film to digital formats .
Wladimir Shavers says Wladimir Klitschko and Anthony Joshua are not in the same league as Muhammad Ali , who was the greatest boxer of all time .
National League side Gateshead have extended the contract of striker Josh Johnson by a year .
Bidders have been shortlisted for the next two rail franchises in the north of England .
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi , amid growing tension between the two countries .
A 15-year - old boy has been taken to hospital with head injuries after an alleged " honour - based " attack in Blackburn .
It has been an extraordinary week in Chechnya .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The BBC has confirmed it will shut down its global edition of its iPlayer app on 26 June .
The company behind plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire says up to half of the Â£50 m it will spend on the project will go to the county .
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the first Muslim mayor of London , beating his Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith in a closely fought election .
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town midfielder Joe Burns on loan until the end of the season .
A shoe shop in County Tyrone has been badly damaged by flooding after a culvert grille overflowed .
Madonna did not break the law when she sampled a piece of music for her hit song Vogue , a US court has ruled .
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff .
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was caught on camera eating a fish .
Scottish Enterprise is leading a trade mission to Myanmar which will see a group of Scottish companies visit the country .
Tyson Fury is a man on the verge of a crash .
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of a group of earthquake experts who were convicted of misleading the public .
Plans for a £ 22 m beach recharge scheme in Essex have been " completely open and transparent " , the council leader has said .
Britain 's Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain 's Albert Ramos - Vinolas and reach the Barcelona Open semi - finals , a week after losing to the Spaniard in the Monte Carlo Masters quarter - finals .
More needs to be done to encourage more young people from poorer backgrounds to consider a career in the arts , a report commissioned by Labour has said .
A man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died days after being granted bail .
US consumer confidence has fallen for the first time in three months , according to a closely - watched survey .
Scotland 's leading figures in the world of music and charity have been recognised in the New Year Honours list .
Chinese woman have been debating whether or not to shave their armpits after the country 's Prime Minister Li Keqiang said it was time for women to embrace their bodies .
The Scottish government has been told it will not be able to devolve Air Passenger Duty ( APD ) to Scotland for now .
Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama won his first PGA Tour title as Rory McIlroy moved up to second in the world rankings .
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver was forced to make an emergency landing at Glasgow 's Prestwick Airport after a " slight smell of burning on board " .
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like if the Conservatives win the 2015 assembly election .
Two men who died in a light aircraft crash in Powys have been named by police .
A man accused of posing as a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire has pleaded not guilty to two counts of fraud .
It 's well known that one in five women in the UK suffers from postnatal depression .
Mental health staff are to be trained to work with children and young people in Berkshire in a bid to cut waiting times for treatment .
Dizzee Rascal is among the first acts to be announced for this year 's Wickerman Festival .
An alpaca that was seriously injured in a dog attack in New Forest has died .
French far - right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow , in a rare meeting between a foreign leader and a presidential candidate .
Ireland have qualified for the Super Six stage of the Women 's World Cup Qualifier in Sri Lanka after beating Zimbabwe .
An Indian MP from the right - wing Shiv Sena party has been banned from all domestic flights after he was accused of kicking an airline employee in the head .
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured some of the most striking images of the Earth at night so far this year .
Former Northern Ireland international Dean Shiels has signed for Canadian side FC Edmonton .
An independent boarding school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform for boys and girls .
India 's government has proposed a bill that would ban the creation and distribution of geospatial information , including maps and satellite imagery .
A water main has burst in a residential street , causing disruption to schools and homes .
Olympic bronze medallist Helen Sotherton says she is " open to the discussion " of rewriting world records set before 2005 if they are scrapped .
At least three people have been killed and seven others injured in a shooting at a wood processing factory in Switzerland , prosecutors say .
The National Theatre is considering whether to introduce quotas to improve diversity in its backstage staff , artistic director David Norris has said .
Darts commentator Eric Bristow has been dropped by Sky Sports and Newcastle United after he questioned why child sex abuse victims do not come forward when they are older .
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected with just one vote .
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared of doping and cleared to race in the 2015 Tour de France .
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie says he wants to compete in the next America 's Cup .
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty while trying to rescue his dog off the Kent coast has paid tribute to her father .
Have you ever wondered what your greatest achievement is ?
The number of people in the world with visual impairment is set to double in the next 30 years , say researchers .
The deputy leader of Leicestershire County Council is talking about seizing an opportunity in a crisis .
Derbyshire have appointed Graham Barnett as their new elite performance director .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are treating his death as murder .
The cost of making a phone call in Europe is to be cut by more than half , the government has announced .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are struggling to cope with the pressure of playing in the Premier League .
Cleveland 's police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) has been re - elected by a narrow margin in the general election .
Sevilla were crowned La Liga champions for the second year in a row as Benfica secured the Portuguese title on the final day of the season .
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of her " ongoing family situation " .
Aston Villa have been fined £ 30,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday 's game at Leicester City .
Cycling legend Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to the sport after being banned for life for doping .
The chief executive of Australian airline Qantas , Alan Joyce , has said he will be " strongly campaigning " for the country to legalise same - sex marriage .
Ospreys have signed South Africa international tight head prop Brian Mujati from Sale Sharks .
A commemorative tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown .
Spain 's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic after the second round was halted because of bad weather .
Four people have been rescued after a yacht capsized off the County Antrim coast .
The chief executive of Facebook has said he is " somewhat sympathetic " to Apple in its fight with the FBI over its refusal to unlock an iPhone .
The Gambia has announced it has withdrawn from the British Commonwealth .
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to illegally export a coating for a nuclear power plant in Pakistan .
Aston Villa have signed Slovakian striker Tomasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee from FC Copenhagen .
The Couch to 5 K Challenge is back and it 's time to get moving !
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year - old girl at a school has been given a two - year suspended sentence .
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches in 2016 - 17 has topped four million for the first time .
A man whose car was stolen has accused Sussex Police of telling car thieves they have " very little chance " of being caught .
North Korea says it has developed a hangover - free spirit that will give you a " national smack " , state media report .
Imagine a situation where most people with a common condition are undiagnosed and where opportunities are repeatedly missed to offer good care .
A giant bridge has been built in Hong Kong in China .
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris terror attacks .
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade .
Fabio Capello 's future as Russia coach is in doubt , according to reports in Russia .
An Egyptian court has postponed the verdict in the retrial of three journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood .
A screening of the Oscar - winning film Slumdog Millionaire will be held in Kingussie later .
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over plans to close hundreds of branches .
Pro - Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they have begun the process of withdrawing heavy weapons from the line of contact with Ukrainian forces .
Wales ' political parties have been publishing their general election manifestos .
Portugal 's victory in the Eurovision Song Contest has given the country a much - needed boost , as it shows there is still a market for Portuguese - language music in a world dominated by English .
It 's the kind of story that would make headlines in Britain - a senior politician caught with his pants down in a toilet cubicle .
Two police officers have been jailed for using a police computer system for their own use and to settle a personal grievance .
Eight former supermarket bosses have warned that the price of groceries will rise if the UK leaves the European Union .
Mark Pitcher is attempting to become the fastest solo rower to row the Atlantic Ocean .
A petition calling for a referendum on directly elected mayors to be introduced to Bath and North East Somerset Council has passed a key threshold .
Hundreds of people are taking part in a march to Parliament in protest at the closure of Kids Company , a children 's charity .
Four out of Wales ' seven health boards are facing a combined deficit of more than £ 100 m , figures have shown .
The use of jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones by prisoners will be operational in a matter of weeks , Justice Secretary John MacAskill has announced .
Michael O'Flynn 's injury - time equaliser rescued a point for Crusaders against 10-man Coleraine .
Ten of the 10 soldiers whose remains were found in France during World War One have been identified by DNA tests .
A couple from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco .
All primary school pupils in England will have to know their times tables by the age of 11 , the government has announced .
British 10,000 m runner Katie Andrews says she has been overwhelmed by the reaction to her shock victory at the London Anniversary Games .
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating a packet of Pringles on a budget airline flight .
Morecambe missed the chance to move into the League Two play - off places as they lost at home to Mansfield .
New Zealand thrashed France to reach the World Cup quarter - finals for the third time in four years and set up a quarter - final against South Africa .
Beauty giant Avon has gone into administration in France with the loss of hundreds of jobs .
How much do you pay when you do your banking online ?
A new edition of Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf has been published in Germany for the first time since World War Two .
Georgia head coach Alexander Haig says his side 's ambition is to be included in an expanded Six Nations tournament .
Russia 's foreign minister has accused the US of trying to preserve a jihadist group in the Syrian city of Aleppo as a " plan B " to change the government of President Bashar al - Assad .
A man has been jailed for helping to cover up the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a park .
Scotland 's Laura Muir has been named in the British team for next month 's European Indoor Championships in Serbia .
British actress Julie Jumbo has called on the government to ensure British talent is not " slipped through the net " because of a lack of opportunities in Britain .
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of Tomas Horstmann , Michele Salvi and Jamie Atkins .
A powerful earthquake has struck south - eastern Japan , hours after a powerful quake struck the island of Kumamoto .
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a Gwynedd beach after being told the English version of its name is more commonly used .
The rate of carbon emissions from human - produced carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) is much slower than previously thought , a study suggests .
A " fasting - mimicking " diet can regenerate a special type of cell in the pancreas , scientists say .
Borrowers are more likely to apply for loans to buy big - ticket items , such as a house or car , than to pay off debts , a survey suggests .
Belfast Harbour has announced plans to build a new office development in the city centre .
A man accused of murdering his partner had considered jumping off a cliff after she went missing , a court has heard .
A former charity worker has pleaded guilty at Southampton Crown Court to a £ 1 m fraud .
Bog snorkelling is among the activities on offer at the annual National Bog Games in Gwynedd .
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to three months in jail for throwing eggs at a neighbour 's home and possessing drugs .
More than half of drivers in England have hit a pothole in the past two years , according to an AA survey .
A pedestrian who died after being hit by a car has been named .
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge to the mayor of Tower Hamlets in a bid to overturn his election .
Match of the Day Kickabout takes a look back at the history of the Football League .
Footage has emerged of the moment boxer Floyd Mayweather 's tour van was set on fire in a suspected arson attack .
The daughter of a man who died after being poisoned by a nurse at a hospital has said she is " angry " that concerns raised in 2009 are not being addressed .
The Royal College of Nursing ( RCN ) is urging hospitals in England and Wales to allow more animals on wards .
Motherwell have confirmed that Saturday 's Premiership match against Aberdeen will go ahead after the majority of their first team squad recovered from illness .
The RSPCA has warned people not to keep raccoon dogs as pets .
Proposals to extend the Premiership season to 10 months have been criticised by the Rugby Players ' Association .
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank 's response to the UK 's vote to leave the European Union .
Norwich City midfielder James Maddison has signed a new two - year contract with the Championship club .
Millions of people could be displaced from their homes as a result of plans to protect forests in Africa , according to a report .
Ireland came from 2 - 0 down to beat Germany 3 - 2 in their second game at the World League semi - finals in Glasgow .
The US space company United Launch Alliance ( ULA ) has unveiled plans for a new , more powerful and reusable rocket .
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading defender Ryan Jules on loan until the end of the season .
Organisers of Dismaland , the UK 's biggest ever migrant camp exhibition , are to be taken to a migrant camp in France .
A woman who died after eating sorbet on holiday in Greece died of an anaphylactic shock , an inquest has heard .
Alliance Trust , the Aberdeen - based asset management firm , has been taken out of the stock market 's formal takeover process .
Celtic were the only Scottish Premiership club to make two signings during the January transfer window .
A woman in Paris has become the first in France to take legal action against the government , accusing it of failing to do enough to tackle air pollution .
Jordan Rhodes scored an injury - time winner as Middlesbrough moved top of the Championship with victory at Bolton .
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season after Sunday 's Hungarian Grand Prix .
South Korea 's Samsung C&T , one of the country 's biggest construction firms , has been given the go - ahead by shareholders to merge with a rival firm .
Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire councils acted unlawfully in allowing their chief executives to receive unlawful payments , the auditor general has said .
Dogs have been used to combat the spread of a deadly E. coli bug by patrolling beaches in the US .
Two brothers who carried out a " sustained , frenzied attack " on a drug dealer in a bid to gain illegal access to his home have been jailed .
A memorial has been unveiled in London to those who died fighting for the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War .
The world athletics governing body , the IAAF , has confirmed it will end its sponsorship deal with Adidas at the end of 2016 .
Crewe Alexandra director of football Steve Davis says the future looks " very healthy " for the League One club after seven players signed senior contracts .
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday .
It has not been a good year for Andy Murray .
Councils in Wales will not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care , the Welsh Government has said .
An app that allows people to identify public figures using photos and video has been launched in the UK .
At the Paris Air Show , a spooky - looking object is being unveiled at the centre of the action .
A High Court judge has ruled Environment Minister Mark Durkan broke the ministerial code in approving a controversial planning blueprint for Belfast .
Former England captain Michael Vaughan says the second Test against Pakistan was " as good a four days of cricket as you could wish for " as the hosts beat Pakistan by an innings and 92 runs .
Coventry City 's Sky Blue Trust has condemned the " ugly scenes " that marred Saturday 's League One defeat by Crawley .
Sale Sharks ' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter - finals are over after they were thrashed by Clermont Auvergne .
The world 's largest container ship has docked at a Suffolk port for the first time .
The owners of Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Surrey have lost a legal bid to get a certificate to allow unrestricted flying of aircraft .
Serial killer David Bellfield , who is serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of Milly Dowler , has denied giving a confession to police .
An Australian woman has been jailed for life for the murder of her ex - wife , who was stabbed to death by her boyfriend who went on to take part in a deadly cafe siege .
More public money is needed to improve the quality of football pitches and facilities in Wales , a leading football figure has said .
Scott Brown 's decision to retire from football at the end of last season was not a surprise , according to former Celtic boss Neil Lennon .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is " afraid the election is going to be rigged " ahead of November 's vote .
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship after applying for a passport .
A 25-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian .
People are being asked to report sightings of wild rabbits and hares in the countryside as part of an effort to map the UK 's mammal population .
The Department of Regional Development ( DRD ) has defended its decision to remove safety measures at the spot where Enda Dolan was killed last year .
It is " perverse and counterproductive " to use money raised from a sugar tax to fund healthy - pupils schemes at the expense of children 's health , councils have warned .
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has more than doubled in the last two years , according to police figures .
Bristol Airport is to close for several weekends in November and December to allow engineers to refurbish its runway .
Celtic striker Patrick Roberts says he is " proud " to have turned down a call - up to the England Under-21 squad for the Under-20 World Cup .
It has been a long , bumpy journey but the story of Peter Pan 's home in Dumfries and Galloway is about to be told .
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup .
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is set to name his first senior squad for Euro 2016 qualifiers against Czech Republic and Scotland Under-21s on Thursday .
Virgin Money boss Jayne - Anne Gadhia is to lead a review of student support funding in Scotland .
The success of a reality TV show could damage the image of an Essex town , tourism bosses have warned .
Priti Patel is the brother - in - law of one of the victims of the 7/7 attacks , but he has never spoken publicly about it .
The Green Party of Scotland has gained its first councillor in Orkney .
A 25-year - old man has been stabbed in the neck in Belfast city centre .
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed at a service in the city .
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders as part of a drive to boost attainment .
A cruise ship which crashed into a tugboat in London , injuring nine people , did not deliberately turn the vessel , a report has found .
Olympic gold medallist Katherine Grainger says her karate black belt was a " kind gift " from the man who inspired her to take up the sport .
YouTube is cracking down on fake views on the video - sharing website .
A 20-year - old New Zealand man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from the 14th floor of his apartment block while trying to climb down from a balcony .
Austria has said it will limit the number of asylum - seekers it will take in as part of its response to the migrant crisis .
Swansea City Council is planning to build up to 1,000 new homes in the city centre over the next 10 years .
American Charley Hoffman will take a four - shot lead into the final round of the Masters after a superb first round at Augusta National .
The Green Party of Wales has announced plans to stand in every council election in Wales .
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of being involved in a " criminal business " to smuggle oil from Islamic State militants into Turkey .
Labour MPs have defied the party 's leadership by abstaining from a vote in the House of Commons against the Conservatives ' new budget rules .
A 15-year - old boy who went on the run after a knife attack at a school in which a teacher and a student were injured has been arrested .
A 12-year - old boy has won the men 's title in the World Conker Championships for the first time .
A court in Brazil has ruled in favour of Barcelona footballer Neymar in a long - running legal case against the club .
European Union foreign ministers have agreed on a plan to send troops to the Central African Republic ( CAR ) to help stabilise the troubled country .
A Labour MEP is to leave his role in the European Parliament to become the head of an international business body .
A military aircraft has landed at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after it lost contact with air traffic control .
Libya 's rival parliaments have dismissed a UN proposal for a unity government , saying it will " turn it into a joke " .
Stock markets in Europe and the US have recovered some of the ground lost in the past week after volatile trading in China .
A former IRA murder victim is to take legal action against the PSNI over a request for copies of interviews he gave to a US university .
The price of oil has fallen below $ 30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade .
The US House of Representatives has withdrawn a vote on President Donald Trump 's healthcare bill , hours after it was due to take place .
An American college has been ordered to hand over recordings made by a Belfast journalist as part of an oral history project called the " Boston tapes " .
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant have been photographing New York 's subway system for more than 30 years .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are five teams in the Premier League title race who can win the title this season .
Former British number one Laura Robson will become the latest high - profile British player to play at the Nottingham Open .
England scrum - half Ben Watson has been charged with two offences of unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union after his red card in Bath 's defeat by Saracens .
Widnes Vikings full - back Joe Mellor has signed a new two - year contract with the Super League club .
More than 3,000 people , including dozens of children , have been evacuated from the last remaining rebel - held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo .
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of armed men during a raid on a house in Edinburgh .
Jockey AP McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the first time in his final appearance at the Festival with a thrilling victory on the Queen Mother Champion Chase winner King George VI Chase .
Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has said he will not step down , despite calls for him to do so .
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddi " angen i Gymru benderfynu ar ei dyfodol " yng Nghymru , yn ôl y Farwnes Morgan .
Kidderminster Harriers owner Colin Gordon has been " amazing " in his role as first - team coach , according to chairman David Brown .
A woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in a flat in west Belfast .
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the father of the suicide bomber who carried out last week 's deadly bombing in the capital Ankara .
The sister of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex - boyfriend has told a court he was " obsessed " with her and stalked her .
A dean at the University of Texas at Austin has resigned in protest at a new law that allows universities to ban guns on campus .
Ross County have re - signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal .
Celtic 's Moussa Dembele says he is happy to remain at the club despite interest from Chelsea .
Ukraine 's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending the country 's political crisis and restoring stability .
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party after the party lost its majority in the general election .
A man has been charged with murder after a man died in a car crash in Oxford .
The decision to lift the ban on blood donations from gay men who have ever had sex with men in the UK is being welcomed by gay rights group Stonewall .
Swansea City defender Alfie Mawson can become a " very good " defender , according to manager Paul Clement .
Hospitals and GP surgeries in Lambeth and other high - risk areas should offer HIV tests on admission to hospital , according to new guidance .
A solar storm is when charged particles from the Sun 's surface collide with the Earth 's magnetic field , causing a disturbance in our planet 's atmosphere .
Mesothelioma victims who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim compensation under a new fund , the government has announced .
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd .
British number two Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Gerry Weber Open with a straight - set win over American Sam Querrey .
Steam trains are returning to a railway line in Cumbria .
Al - Shabab has released a video purporting to show the moment a passenger on a Daallo Airlines flight from Somalia to Djibouti was blown up last week , killing at least 11 people .
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a human rights claim against the authorities .
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a David Bowie memorial in south London has failed to reach its target .
A yellow " be aware " warning of black ice has been issued for roads in parts of Scotland , as the first minister paid tribute to emergency services in his Christmas message .
More than half of people in West Yorkshire are worried about their Christmas spending , according to a BBC survey .
Glasgow School of Art has opened its new design department on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to its iconic Mackintosh building .
Tributes have been paid to a Labour councillor who has died after a long illness .
Everton were knocked out of the Europa League in the first round by Russian side Krasnodar as Juan Laborde 's first - half goal gave the hosts victory .
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the new owners of the National League club " technically saved " the club .
Some parts of the world are struggling to provide basic HIV testing services , according to a World Health Organization survey .
Shares in Danish brewer Carlsberg have fallen sharply after it reported a drop in sales in Ukraine and Western Europe .
Police are investigating after members of Britain First visited a Cardiff mosque following claims it was " radicalised " .
Thousands of Ugandan and Burundian troops fighting in Somalia are still waiting for the last tranche of a stipend they are due to receive from the European Union .
A man has died in a fire at a house in Inverness .
Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland 's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013 .
Police in the southern Indian city of Chittoor are hunting for the killers of a Muslim woman who was shot and stabbed to death at her office on Tuesday .
Syrian government forces have regained control of the town of al - Qaryatain from so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in the central province of Homs , officials say .
Archaeological finds made during the construction of a new road in Inverness have been displayed at a primary school .
Leigh Centurions are set to sign Salford Red Devils half - back Ryan Chase on a free transfer after his appeal against a six - match ban was rejected .
England 's Laura Massaro and Laura Perry will meet in the women 's and men 's British Open final after semi - final wins on Saturday , while world number one Matthew reached the final of the men 's event .
US President Barack Obama has asked for $ 1.6bn ( Â£1.1bn ) in federal funds to help police departments across the country deal with racial discrimination .
Lancashire are " not that good " in one - day cricket , according to director of cricket Ashley Giles after their heavy defeat by Essex .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for the violence at his rallies and for his campaign 's " culture of violence " .
People in the UK are being asked to take part in a project to sequence the DNA of 100,000 people .
Movistar 's Gorka Izagirre won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Bob Jungels retained the overall lead on Saturday .
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced his retirement from football .
Charlton Athletic have said they are investigating an allegation of historical sex abuse by a scout in the 1980s .
The group stage of the Euro 2016 tournament is over and the knockout stages are about to begin .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after an assault in Glasgow city centre .
A man who killed his partner has had his 12-and - a - half year jail sentence increased by the Court of Appeal .
People have been giving their views on the rollout of fibre broadband in parts of Scotland .
Royal Dutch Shell has said it hopes to begin drilling for oil and gas in the Arctic this summer , despite opposition from environmentalists .
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round by Luxembourg side Fola Esch at Pittodrie .
A British student stranded in Nepal after the country was hit by an earthquake was given a drink and a Snickers bar by an embassy worker after arriving on her own .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
Families of patients who died at a mental health ward at the centre of the " torture chamber " scandal have told BBC Wales Today they are still waiting for answers .
Shrewsbury Town and Fleetwood Town played out a goalless FA Cup fourth - round draw in the fifth round of the competition at Shrewsley .
England reached the semi - finals of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time since 1993 as they beat Mexico 2 - 0 in South Korea .
David Sweat , one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in upstate New York , has been shot by police , officials say .
The Council for Wales of Voluntary Youth Services ( CWVYS ) is to become the first professional body in Wales to regulate non - formal and in - work education .
The outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said he has no regrets about his views on gay marriage and organ donation .
Everton have signed Leicester City 's head of recruitment Steve Walsh on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
A sick turtle that washed up on a beach in the Isle of Man has been moved to a special tank in a bid to save it .
Hundreds of farmers have attended a rally at Holyrood in Edinburgh .
A firearms officer has been disciplined for carrying a gun while on duty .
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa defender Ben Mason and Chelsea midfielder Tom Houghton on loan until January .
The Duchess of Cambridge has become the latest high - profile celebrity to show her support for mental health awareness by taking a selfie with her fingers crossed .
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the River Tawe in Truro .
" The amber warning lights have come back on again for China , " says Stephen King .
A former Nasa chief scientist has warned that the Trump administration could do " an enormous disservice to the citizens of this country and to the world in general " by restricting access to climate data .
Boris Johnson has had a bad week .
When Oh Wonder singer - songwriter Josephine Coyle broke her teeth in a freak accident on the London Underground , she knew she had to keep her identity secret .
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW PGA Championship after two rounds in Munich , Germany .
The US Senate has failed to ratify a UN treaty aimed at protecting the rights of disabled people , after a majority of Republicans voted against it .
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end more than 50 years of armed conflict .
A 15-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire .
Commonwealth Games gold medallist Lizzie King is considering competing in the women 's team pursuit at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow .
Lancashire 's Alex Davies and James Jarvis hit centuries as Derbyshire struggled on day two of the County Championship Division Two match at Chester - le - Street .
Czech Republic coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top - flight in the Czech Republic would benefit Scottish football .
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign as they thrashed Moldova in Cardiff .
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club 's players for the first time since taking over as manager .
John Sheridan 's first game in charge of Newport County ended in a 1 - 1 draw at home to Exeter City , who remain bottom of League Two .
A council has said it has had to place six children in residential care outside of Kent because it can not cope with the number of unaccompanied child asylum seekers in its care .
More than 1,000 asylum seekers held on an Australian - run detention centre in Papua New Guinea ( PNG ) have received a A$ 70 m ( Â£45 m ; $ 55 m ) settlement from the government , a court has heard .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side 's recent late goalscoring problems are a " concern " for his future .
Volunteers on the Isle of Man are being urged to help clean up the island 's beaches .
A 16-year - old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was attacked in a shopping centre .
A man in his 20s has died following a two - vehicle crash on the A1 in Londonderry .
Kent director of cricket John Kennedy is to step down from his role at the end of the season .
A police and crime commissioner resigned from his post in order to appear on BBC Question Time , it has emerged .
Libya 's defence minister has resigned , the prime minister 's office says , but has been asked to return to work .
Up to 80,000 customers of the US software firm mSpy have had their personal data stolen , the company has admitted .
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia aimed at sustaining a cessation of hostilities in Syria .
The funeral has taken place in the Republic of Ireland of two brothers who were found dead in a car in County Mayo .
Dundee Football Club 's American owner has said he hopes to build a new stadium on land near Dens Park .
Russia has hailed a Belarusian official who carried a Russian flag at the Rio Paralympics as a " hero " who showed solidarity with those affected by doping .
A public meeting has been held to discuss plans to close a community hospital in Flintshire .
A 62-year - old woman has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a crash in Fife .
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Fazio has been released by the Championship club .
Exeter Chiefs will play Premiership champions Saracens in next week 's final at Twickenham after coming from behind to beat the European champions .
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year title for the second time at the Literature Wales Book of the Year awards in Cardiff .
Brighton came from two goals down to beat Ipswich and go top of the Championship .
Labour has retained the Bridgend and Conwy West seat in the general election .
Hundreds of people have attended a service to remember those who have died while serving their country .
Alexis Sanchez scored a late winner as holders Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter - finals for the third successive season .
Rebel groups in Syria say they have captured the pilot of a Syrian military jet that crashed in the north of the country on Sunday , killing the pilot .
Great Britain 's Katie Belcher won a silver medal in the women 's K1 200 m at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan to secure a place at the Rio Olympics .
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to become the first Briton to fly into space .
Mozambique , which won independence from Portugal in 1975 , is one of Africa 's fastest - growing economies , thanks to the discovery of natural gas .
Pregnant immigrant women in Germany are paying fake fathers to register their babies as German citizens so they can claim asylum , officials say .
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) as a " charismatic , upbeat Geordie " .
Plans for a new steam railway in the Highlands have been given the go - ahead .
A curfew imposed in the US city of Baltimore after the death of a black man in police custody has been lifted , the mayor has announced .
A letting agency has been paid more than £ 2.1 m in housing benefit by a homeless charity , the BBC has learned .
England 's Jamie Donaldson carded a six - under - par 66 to take a two - stroke lead after two rounds of the Swedish Open .
An 11-year - old Canadian boy was left crying in the back of a car after his family was asked to leave an overbooked Air Canada flight .
Video games giant Nintendo has reported a net loss for the second quarter of its financial year as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles fell .
Scottish Borders Council plans to carry out a " root and branch " review of its school estate .
NHS staff in London are reluctant to move out of the capital because of the cost of living , according to the Royal College of Nursing .
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana 's main airport , killing 10 people , officials say .
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat two - time champion Francesca Schiavone 6 - 4 7 - 5 to reach the second round of the French Open .
An author was forced to cover up promotional material for his book at a Women 's Institute ( WI ) fair after it was deemed " too risque " for sale .
National League side Gateshead have signed Dale striker Nyal Bell on a two - year deal following his release by the League One club .
Former Chelsea and Southampton defender Paul Le Saux says football needs to " face its demons " and support gay players .
Dogs should not be banned from beaches in Dumfries and Galloway under plans being considered by councillors .
The former Vatican secretary of state has given € 200,000 ( Â£150,000 ; $ 250,000 ) to a children 's hospital in Rome after a row over his use of a top - floor flat , the head of the foundation has said .
The so - called Islamic State ( IS ) has confirmed the death of Abu Mohammed al - Furqan , one of its most senior media leaders .
Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans have joined Scarlets from Welsh Premiership side Llandovery .
Russian heptathlete Yuliya Chernova should be banned for the whole of her career after being found guilty of doping , says former IAAF president Michele Minichiello .
A Russian gay rights group says it has received reports that gay people are being detained and tortured in the north - eastern republic of Chechnya .
Hundreds of people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother from Staffordshire who was criticised for feeding her baby in public .
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6 % rise in second - quarter sales to 1.3bn euros ( $ 1.6bn ; Â£1.1bn ) , helped by strong demand in China .
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton says being replaced by Alun Wyn Jones as Wales captain was " best for myself and the team " .
Mark Milkins says his first - round win at the UK Championship was " just what I needed " after a run of five successive defeats .
Poet David Harsent has won the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry .
Lord Coe 's CV as president of the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) may not be the most impressive in athletics history .
In the run - up to the outbreak of World War Two , Nicholas Winton was one of the UK 's most unlikely heroes .
Mark Webber says he is " very surprised " his Porsche team - mates are in such a strong position at the top of the Formula 1 championship after winning every race this season .
A Nobel Prize - winning scientist has apologised for saying he has " trouble with girls " in science .
The number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has increased since changes to the law came into effect .
Fewer than a third of staff at Queen 's University in Belfast are satisfied with the way the institution is run , according to a survey .
The chief minister of the Indian capital , Delhi , has ended an impromptu protest against the police over the alleged failure to crack down on a prostitution ring .
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics are under way in Norway .
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria .
A drug that mimics folic acid has shown promise as a potential new treatment for ovarian cancer , say researchers .
Junior doctors in England have voted to reject a new contract proposed by the government .
Police in Greece are investigating claims by the far - right Golden Dawn party that it was responsible for an attack on an MP .
BBC News NI takes a look at the reaction to the High Court ruling that abortion law in Northern Ireland is unconstitutional .
An archive of letters and manuscripts belonging to one of Scotland 's most famous writers has been made public .
Worcester Warriors head coach Steve Paver says he had doubts about the fitness and form of new signing Jack Chapman before he joined Redruth .
Birmingham City and Bolton Wanderers played out a goalless draw in their first Championship game of the season .
A gorilla that was held in Belgium for more than two years after being diagnosed with rabies has arrived at Bristol Zoo .
A 92-year - old woman has been told she will have to pay £ 18,000 to get a phone line to her holiday home .
Coventry City Council has been criticised for taking in more Syrian refugees than any other council in the West Midlands .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales " gets a rotten deal " from the European Union .
Two police officers have been taken to hospital following a crash in Gwynedd .
A motorcyclist has died following a crash in South Yorkshire .
Newcastle United moved up to third in the Championship with a hard - fought win over Aston Villa at St James ' Park .
A mosaic has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing mission which saved the lives of thousands of Dutch civilians .
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover at Moss Rose .
A 40-year - old man has been charged with shooting three cats in Surrey and Surrey .
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex offences .
Match previews and team news for the weekend 's Premier League and Championship games .
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games , it has been announced .
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being stabbed in Londonderry .
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan from Dundee United until the end of the season .
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said she will take legal action against the High Court judge who ruled in favour of a controversial planning policy .
West Ham striker Andy Carroll will miss the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury .
The number of UK households renting property is set to more than double in the next 10 years , according to surveyors .
Singer Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton .
South African gymnast James MacKenzie has left his London - based training base to concentrate on his bid to compete at the Rio Olympics .
A field trial of a genetically modified ( GM ) rice crop has been vandalised in the Philippines .
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a second break - in at his Cardiff home .
A garden in memory of the late Pink Floyd star Syd Barrett is to be named after him , according to his former art teacher .
Archaeologists have been building Neolithic huts at Stonehenge as part of a project to " get a sense of what life was like 4,500 years ago " .
A man has been convicted of raping a pensioner in her home in south London .
A 27-year - old man has died after being stabbed outside a pub in Grimsby .
Actor John McCowen , best known for playing James Bond villain Q in the Thunderball and Never Say Never Again films , has died at the age of 91 .
ITV soap Emmerdale is launching a new series of tours of its set , following the success of Coronation Street tours .
Cardiff City have parted company with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after three years in charge .
The first new gin distillery in the Scottish Borders in nearly 200 years has opened its doors .
Formula 1 bosses have agreed that the new elimination - style qualifying system introduced for the 2016 season is " not right " .
Venezuela has closed its western border with Colombia for a month in a bid to stop the smuggling of petrol and other goods to Colombia .
Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw says his side must be " on top form " if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday .
Plans are being drawn up to transform one of Wales ' oldest university buildings into a postgraduate centre .
Monty Python star Eric Palin has been awarded a fellowship at this year 's Bafta TV awards .
The government is " completely mad " to allow EU migrants from Eastern Europe to claim in - work benefits , UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said .
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will " get on with " the launch of the Night Tube after talks between unions and management broke up .
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police for breaching election laws by discussing voting while polls were open .
England and Scotland will meet for the first time since 1999 in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on Saturday .
The Met Police has apologised to the family of a man who was killed in south - east London five years ago after a reinvestigation found no evidence he was murdered .
Liverpool 's mayor has set out his plans to save £ 90 m over the next three years , which he says will mean job losses and cuts to frontline services .
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after inspectors found it had an alcohol content too high .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at the controversy over two former Guantanamo Bay detainees being allowed to live in Ghana .
A children 's book prize set up in memory of Roald Dahl is to be extended for a second year .
When David Cameron arrives in Berlin for the EU leaders ' summit later this week , many of his European counterparts will be keen to see him .
A blogger at the centre of a long - running legal battle with a council leader has had her harassment charge against her dropped .
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past three months , with more than 100 arriving in the last three months .
The BBC has confirmed it 's sold the rights to Family Guy to a US studio .
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14 - 0 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup .
The United States women 's World Cup football team is to be honoured with a parade in New York City later this week .
Power has been restored to all homes and businesses affected by a power cut in Northern Ireland .
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with victory at Derby County .
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance ( INR ) has published a database of Nazi death camp guards who worked at Auschwitz - Birkenau .
Kingfisher , the owner of the B&Q and Screwfix home improvement chains , has agreed to sell a majority stake in its Chinese business to Wumei Holdings .
The Indiana Pacers will host the Denver Nuggets in a pre - season game at London 's O2 Arena .
Swansea City defender Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in the 2 - 2 draw with Sunderland .
" I am a knight in shining armour , and I am a jouster . "
Jordan Clark 's second - half goal gave Accrington a 2 - 1 win at Bradford as they moved up to fourth in League One with victory .
Adele has won album of the year at the Grammys , beating Beyonce to the top prize at a ceremony in Los Angeles .
A man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years .
The funeral of a DJ who went missing after playing at the Glastonbury festival has taken place .
A Dundee United fan has pleaded guilty to striking a Rangers fan in the head with a metal pole .
Tunisians have voted in a run - off election for a new president , in the first since the overthrow of Zine el - Abedine Ben Ali in 2011 .
Volkswagen has said it is " optimistic " it will come up with a solution to fix the emissions scandal that has engulfed the German carmaker .
A motorcyclist was to blame for the death of French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie , who was killed in a crash on Sunday , his team says .
The Israeli prime minister has called on the US to take action against Iran after it launched a ballistic missile , in what may be a violation of a UN resolution .
Wolves secured their place in the Championship play - offs with a hard - fought win at Leeds , who missed out on promotion on goal difference .
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in Portugal killed at least eight people , officials say .
A Canadian theme park has been charged with animal cruelty for allegedly failing to properly care for a peacock and guinea hens .
British rider Cal Crutchlow won the first MotoGP race of the 2016 season in the United States .
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for a number of players before the transfer window closes .
The families of three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State are " distraught " after learning that two of them have been married , their lawyer says .
Olympic gold medallist Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be given more credit for the success she achieved at the Track World Championships .
Reading have released Hal Robson - Kanu , Rio Ferdinand and Chris Cox .
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of a raft of new share offerings .
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield Town beat 10-man Dagenham & Redbridge to move off the bottom of League Two .
Many young people in foster care in Scotland are living with their 10th family since going into care , according to a new study .
Brazil is the world 's largest producer and exporter of timber , and one of the largest exporters of timber in the world .
The House of Commons has paid tribute to the late TV composer John Perry , who wrote the theme tune to Dad 's Army , during a debate on Brexit .
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid .
The pound has risen slightly against the dollar after a closely - watched survey indicated a pick - up in UK services activity .
More than 30 scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to reconsider plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified crops in Scotland .
Sudanese and South Sudanese state - run TV and radio have both been promoting military operations in the border town of Heglig .
Iain Duncan Smith has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of terrorism .
A 17-year - old girl is helping to train computers to diagnose breast cancer .
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) in England and Wales has been criticised for its communication with victims of crime .
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung 's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the US , which was put in place after a patent dispute with Apple .
Exeter City striker Jordan Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool .
Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it and parliament agrees .
A teenager who died of leukaemia after being diagnosed with the disease at the age of 15 has married his girlfriend in a hospital chapel .
Joe Cardle scored a hat - trick as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk in the Scottish Championship .
A fire broke out on board a Wightlink ferry on Saturday morning .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday , boosted by better - than - expected US jobs figures .
The family of a baby girl who has a rare form of meningococcal septicaemia have asked people to help raise money for her treatment .
Thousands of prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of prisons .
Requiring schools to promote " fundamental British values " could have " unintended consequences " , a union has warned .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has " not shown any ability to be part of a team " if he is elected , shadow business secretary Yvette Cooper has said .
Sir Vince Cable , the former business secretary , says he is " disappointed " by the lack of progress on vocational education in England .
Tributes have been paid to former England and Preston North End striker Sir Tom Finney , who has died at the age of 90 .
There has been a growing chorus of criticism of the way Northern Ireland 's assembly and executive are run .
Neil Gaiman 's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named National Book of the Year .
In the wake of Theresa May 's surprise election victory , political impressionists have been mourning the loss of some of their favourites .
Oscar - winning actress Emma Watson is to star in Disney 's live action remake of Beauty and the Beast .
Olympic taekwondo silver medallist and world number two in the -57 kg category , Sammie Bekker , is a Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu champion .
Wales Under-20 wing James Botham has made his debut for his country at the Rugby World Cup .
A US judge has ruled in favour of Apple in a court battle over the tech giant 's refusal to unlock an iPhone .
Riot police in Egypt have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in Cairo after a man was shot dead by a policeman .
Detectives investigating the murder of a teenage girl who went missing in Blackpool 10 years ago are to make a fresh appeal for information about her disappearance during the FA Cup final .
A publican who stabbed a man in the neck with a steak knife after calling him a " queer " has been jailed for 12 years .
A riot at the Maruti Suzuki car plant in northern India has left at least one person dead and dozens injured , officials say .
Laura Pergolizzi , known by her stage name LP , never intended to be a pop star .
Gateshead pensioner John Barnes , who was knocked unconscious in a street attack , has said he is ready to move on with his life .
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country , saying it is " pained " that people are being forced to leave the country .
The mother of a five - year - old boy who went missing after a legal battle with his father has been urged to contact police .
Actress Jennifer Lawrence has spoken out about her decision not to fight for more money when she was offered a role in American Hustle because she " wanted to be liked " .
( Close ) : Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday , with banks and telecoms stocks leading the way as investors bet on a rise in interest rates .
A business owner has failed in a legal bid to stop the publication of his details as part of the Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scheme .
Nick Griffin has been expelled from the British National Party .
The SSPCA has rescued a plastic snake made of plastic from a park in Aberdeen .
Plans to build a country park on a former coal mine site in Dorset have been approved by councillors .
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) has decided not to prosecute a former soldier arrested as part of an investigation into alleged payments to public officials .
The search for survivors of a Venezuelan military helicopter that crashed in the Amazon rainforest on Thursday is continuing , officials say .
A man has attempted to break the world record for the heaviest egg .
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj has joined Manchester City on a season - long loan .
The prime minister is to ask whether the UK can offer more counter - terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during his visit to Asia .
( Close ) : The Nasdaq has suffered its biggest one - day fall in more than a year , dragged down by technology and healthcare stocks .
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets of the capital , Pretoria , to protest against President Jacob Zuma .
James Anderson says England would " happily lose 2 - 0 " in the three - match Test series if they fail to beat Pakistan in the final Test .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship .
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he is prepared to leave the club if there is not a plan for the future .
James Pattinson 's five - wicket haul helped Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 95 runs in the first Test in Perth .
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football , according to former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson .
The minimum sentence for murder of a police officer should be increased from 30 years to life without parole , Home Secretary Theresa May has said .
Fearne Cotton has presented her final BBC Radio 1 breakfast show , saying it was " a bit like I 've died " .
Bristol have re - signed full - back Luke Arscott on loan from Premiership rivals Bath until the end of the season .
The PSNI is to launch 26 new neighbourhood policing teams ( LPTs ) across Northern Ireland .
Police in Wales are investigating reports of people dressing up as clowns to " scare others intentionally " .
A complete version of The Web of Fear , one of the most famous Doctor Who stories of all time , has been found in Nigeria .
Plans for a new express bus service in Bristol have been put on hold because of a lack of operators .
A hoard of Bronze Age weapons has been discovered on the Isle of Coll in Argyll .
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them reach the Premier League .
A second woman has been charged in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl in north London in 2001 .
Police are investigating a suspected case of deliberate persecution of birds of prey in the Highlands .
A father has described how he and his teenage daughter found a newborn baby girl lying dead at a bus stop in north Wales .
Natalie Hill is one of the most successful back - up singers of all time .
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for his courage in playing through an injury .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 closed higher , with mining shares helping to lift the index to a new record high .
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says his side were " not nearly good enough " in their 1872 Cup final defeat by Edinburgh at Scotstoun .
Johnny Sexton will miss Ireland 's three - Test tour of South Africa after being ruled out of the tour with a broken leg .
China 's search engines have joined forces with the country 's government to tackle online banking scams .
The trial of three al - Jazeera journalists accused of aiding the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt has begun in Cairo , with prosecutors playing a series of video clips .
The authorities in the north - eastern Brazilian state of Amazonas are searching for more than 100 prisoners who escaped from two prisons in Manaus on Saturday .
A passenger on a flight from Australia to Papua New Guinea had a lucky escape when a snake got stuck on the wing of the plane .
Actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Golden Globe Awards in Hong Kong .
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Tees in Cumbria .
Nepal 's government has said it plans to restrict the number of people who can climb Mount Everest , in a bid to make the mountain safer .
Ajax beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie for the first time since Patrick Kluivert Sr 's last appearance for the club as the Dutch champions maintained their title challenge .
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan , who is accused of killing a man in a car crash in 2002 .
Newcastle Falcons have re - signed former Leicester Tigers captain Toby Flood .
The Scottish Professional Football League ( SPFL ) has changed its rules in a bid to tackle crowd trouble .
( Close ) : The Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq closed higher on Monday , despite falls in shares of technology and media companies .
Former foreign secretary Jack Straw is to chair a new Commons committee to examine the future of the role of the House of Commons clerk .
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year was the lowest on record , according to official figures .
A terminally ill man with a terminal illness has gone to the High Court to challenge the law on assisted dying .
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder James MacGillivray on a two - year deal .
Lyon moved above Paris St - Germain at the top of Ligue 1 with victory at the Parc des Princes .
Rescuers in Nepal have rescued a boy from the rubble of a collapsed building in the capital , Kathmandu , where more than 6,000 people are now known to have died in Saturday 's earthquake .
A review into the quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales is to be launched .
Celtic 's Champions League second - round qualifier against Linfield will take place on the 11 and 12 of July .
The new MPs have been giving their first Commons speeches since being elected .
A " predator " who travelled to the US to have sex with young boys has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
A shark has been found dead on a beach in County Down .
Cambridge moved into the League Two play - off places with victory over Exeter , who missed the chance to go top of the table .
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted to accept an offer from the city 's transport authority to end a series of strikes .
An episode of Derren Brown 's TV show , in which the illusionist appeared to asphyxiate himself , was broadcast before the watershed , it has emerged .
The US has rejected a proposal by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a regional conference to discuss the future of nuclear weapons in the Middle East .
A British Ukulele Orchestra has failed in a legal bid to stop a rival group from trademarking its name .
Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 when it gained independence from Czechoslovakia .
The remains of a man shot dead by an army unit in Belfast in 1972 are to be exhumed as part of an investigation into the killing .
A woman accused of causing the death of her partner in a crash has told a court she felt like she was " in a washing machine " during the crash .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one - game touchline ban and Greenock Morton counterpart Jim Duffy banned for two games for his part in a post - match altercation .
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeen has been named .
Norwich City have completed the signing of Wigan Athletic defender Nicky Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and Ajax midfielder Marvin Dijks .
The owners of a derelict former Denbighshire hospital will not have to pay a £ 940,000 bill for urgent repairs carried out by a council .
The pilot and his wife have been found safe and well after a light aircraft crashed in the East Midlands .
Gemma Arterton is in line to star in a West End musical version of the film Made in Dagenham , it has been reported .
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to " speak with one voice " against cuts to local councils .
Guinea - Bissau 's players have been paid their bonuses for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations , ending a dispute over unpaid wages .
Venezuela 's Vice - President Nicolas Maduro has given his first state of the union address since President Hugo Chavez was diagnosed with cancer .
Dissident Cuban activists have been detained in Havana after staging a protest against the government 's treatment of political prisoners .
Martin Canning expects new Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha to put his own stamp on the club 's style of play in his first game in charge .
Goalkeeper Clint Dempsey has been ruled out of the World Cup in Russia with a knee injury .
Mexican drug lord Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman , one of the world 's most wanted men , is due to be extradited to the United States on Saturday .
Yorkshire missed out on reaching the One - Day Cup semi - finals for the first time in 10 years as they lost by eight wickets to Surrey at Lord 's despite a fine century from Jonathan Davies .
A psychiatrist who investigated Gulf War Syndrome in the armed forces has been appointed a knighthood in the New Year Honours .
The Syrian government has accused the US and its allies of failing to take into account the " serious business " of destroying its chemical weapons because it is in war .
A 26-year - old man accused of killing five people at an airport in Florida has told a judge that he worked as a security guard for an Alaska security firm .
The Trump administration has announced new sanctions against Iran in response to Tehran 's recent activities in the Middle East .
The entire governing board of the scandal - ridden Vatican bank is to be replaced , the Vatican has announced .
The number of homes repossessed by lenders in England and Wales fell by 5 % in the second quarter of the year , according to figures .
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Butterfield won Great Britain 's first gold medal of the World Para - athletics Championships with victory in the women 's shot put .
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf , which was signed by the Nazi leader , is to be sold at auction .
Retailers have been urged to change the way they promote healthy food and drink to help tackle rising obesity levels in Scotland .
Two brothers have appeared in court accused of helping their brother join the so - called Islamic State ( IS ) group by selling items belonging to him and his wife to raise funds for him .
The European Union is holding emergency talks with Turkey to try to reach a deal on how to end the migrant crisis .
Solihull Moors have signed Rushall Olympic midfielder Jordan Smith on a one - month loan deal .
England manager Mark Sampson believes his team would have won a gold medal at the Rio Olympics had they been allowed to compete at the Games .
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the remote island of Rockall in the North Atlantic in the 1950s .
German airline Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge against a strike by its pilots , which could lead to the cancellation of hundreds of flights .
A US military plane has been shot down by a Russian fighter jet over the Pacific Ocean , US officials say .
The head of India 's central bank has told the BBC he is " a little concerned " about the " immense burden " central banks are being asked to carry .
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be changed sooner than planned .
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season and signed midfielder Jack McAllister on a one - year deal .
J McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4 - 1 to reach the semi - finals of the World League 3 in Belfast .
Chuck Feeney is one of the richest men in the world , but he is not a billionaire .
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases outside his remit has been cleared of gross misconduct .
Mae fflamau ar bob ochr o'r adeilad sydd wedi marw oherwydd " maint a chymhlethdod " yn dweud ei bod yn byw yng nghysgod yr ad
The UK is the biggest exporter of lamb to the European Union .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to steal £ 20,000 from a cash machine at a supermarket in Manchester .
UK tech start - ups are failing because of a lack of long - term funding , according to the UK 's former chief technology officer at Google , Paul Woodford .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in woodland in Surrey .
Richard Cockerill has left his position as director of rugby at Leicester Tigers .
Glamorgan 's David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season as his side drew with Sussex at Hove .
A passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan , killing at least 22 people and injuring 15 others .
Four former foreign secretaries have urged David Cameron to raise corruption in Russia during his visit to Moscow .
Police are searching for a pensioner who has gone missing from a Cardiff hospital .
Welsh place - names are a rich source of information for historians , geographers and linguists , but they are also a source of mystery .
Emojis are one of Newsbeat 's favourite things .
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half - year profits , hit by the football World Cup and a switch over to a new gaming system .
An inquest has opened into the death of a man whose body was found at a house where his ex - girlfriend was critically injured .
The care of older people in the Western Isles needs " significant improvement " , according to care watchdogs .
The BBC has scrapped its controversial chat show format for this year 's Wimbledon highlights show .
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the past five years , according to new figures .
Photographs of a former railway station which closed in 1967 have gone on display in Nottingham .
A son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for 12 years for the manslaughter of his father , who he stabbed to death at his London home .
In a small hospital in the centre of the Central African Republic ( CAR ) city of Bambari , doctors and nurses have been working through the night to save the lives of civilians caught up in the latest wave of violence .
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham moved back to the top of the Premier League with victory at Manchester City .
The idea of giving Holyrood the power to increase benefits and old age pensions is the most popular policy statement in a BBC Scotland poll of priorities for the general election .
Greece 's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras will try to secure a deal with its creditors after the parliament approved a new bailout package , his spokesman says .
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting at the scene of last month 's deadly Westgate shopping centre attack .
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme song for the new James Bond film Spectre after a customer placed a £ 15,000 bet on the band .
The father of a girl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium in which a driver was killed has said she is " emotionally not quite right " .
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln .
A doctor in County Londonderry has started a challenge to get his patients to climb a mountain every day for a month .
Burundi 's public prosecutor 's office says it has arrested a number of people in connection with the killing of a senior general in an attack last week .
A lollipop lady was knocked unconscious when she was hit by a car outside a school in Bedfordshire , a court has heard .
A team of researchers at Cardiff University have developed a new way to identify cancer cells using computers .
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival forces in the Libyan city of Benghazi , officials say .
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence for starting a fire which destroyed a luxury holiday resort in Devon .
China has accused Japan of breaching its pacifist constitution after it passed controversial new security laws that allow its military to fight overseas .
Arsenal will have to replay against Hull City in the FA Cup fifth round after Mohamed Elneny and Alex Iwobi both scored in a goalless draw at Emirates Stadium .
The new director - general of the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) has been accused of " moral cowardice " by the head of Surrey 's police and crime commissioner over her handling of vulnerable children .
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking to recruit a new executive director .
As many readers of this blog like to point out , a virtual reality environment will never be substitute for actually experiencing something .
Charlton Athletic have been drawn at home to Exeter City in the first round of the EFL Cup .
A motorcyclist has died following a crash on the M1 in County Armagh .
Andre Ward says he is ready to " make a statement " in Saturday 's rematch with Sergey Kovalev in Las Vegas .
Lewis Hamilton says he is in the " most solid place " he has been in his Formula 1 career after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix .
A motorcyclist has died in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire .
Children who have experienced domestic abuse in childhood are more likely to develop poor health later in life , research suggests .
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman .
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a man who died after being bitten by his dog .
A woman has been ordered to return her three - year - old son to Japan in breach of his father 's custody rights .
Rupert Murdoch is " not fit and proper " to be chairman of News Corp , a committee of MPs has concluded in a report into phone hacking .
We 're BodyPositive and we want you to join us !
A Londoner who travelled to Syria to fight alongside Islamic State militants and faked his own death has been convicted of terrorism offences .
Papers in China have warned that any move by the US to block access to disputed islands in the South China Sea would set the two countries on a " course for devastating confrontation " .
A sculpture by Henry Moore , believed to be worth about Â£20 m , is to return to London for the first time in 20 years .
Andy Murray remains on course to become the first Briton to win the Davis Cup final since 1936 as Great Britain take a 2 - 1 lead into Sunday 's final in Belgium .
Chelsea , Manchester City and Arsenal will find out their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday when the draw for the last 32 takes place .
Brighton & Hove Albion and Leicester City fans have been accused of homophobic chanting during a Premier League match .
Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League with victory at Newcastle .
Voters in South Wales have elected a new police and crime commissioner .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Wednesday after the European Central Bank ( ECB ) said it would keep interest rates on hold .
Barcelona have agreed to pay a € 5.5 m ( £ 4.6 m ) fine over the signing of Brazilian forward Neymar in 2013 .
A three - week - old baby boy has been killed by a dog in Gateshead .
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are " question marks over the officiating " in their Pro12 defeat by Munster .
A lion that escaped from a South African national park for the second time in less than a year is to be rehoused with two female lions .
Scotland 's Katie Archibald won her second gold medal of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Italy with victory in the women 's individual time trial .
Worcestershire 's County Championship Division Two match against Kent has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
" What time does your website close ? "   and " Can I exercise my kestrel on your tip ? "   are among the most common customer service queries made to councils in England and Wales .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed three times in Salford .
Opposition MPs in South Korea have ended a 24-hour filibuster in the country 's parliament , which was the longest in the world .
AMs have voted to give consent to the Wales Bill , paving the way for it to become law .
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace , Coventry City and Colchester United striker John Morrison on a free transfer .
On Friday morning , US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to predict the impact of the shooting on the Champs - Elysees in Paris .
Four Scots have been selected in the Great Britain athletics team for the Rio 2016 Olympics .
England 's Lydia Ko has broken the record for the youngest winner of a LPGA major with victory at the US Women 's Open .
Daniel Craig is the " best actor to play James Bond " in the past 30 years , according to former Bond star Ian Fleming .
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Dundee United eased to victory over Queen 's Park in the Scottish Cup .
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist were inspired to record a video for their new dance track , ' Dance , Dance , Dance ' , after hearing it in a club in Accra .
Former McLaren boss Ron Ryan is set to become the new boss of the Manor Formula 1 team .
Internet service providers need to be " up their game " and be " transparent " when advertising broadband prices , a charity has said .
Britain 's Tom Daley won silver in the men 's synchronised 10 m platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai .
A group of people have been charged with running a brothel ring in Warwickshire .
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal .
The 200th anniversary of one of Scotland 's most popular whiskies is set to see a donation of more than £ 300,000 to the community of Islay .
JP Morgan Chase is planning to move hundreds of jobs out of London as part of its contingency plans for Brexit .
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker Scott Stewart on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
There has been a huge rise in the number of patents in the last five years for brain - reading devices that can measure mental states such as mood , according to research .
BBC Scotland will be hosting an election debate with six of Scotland 's political parties later .
Work has begun on a major overhaul of Portsmouth naval base ahead of the arrival of the Royal Navy 's first aircraft carrier .
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents in Calais .
A 19-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Celtic Park last month .
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine using a controversial new IVF technique to create DNA from three people .
The Super Bowl may have been won by the New England Patriots on Sunday , but American football fans across the country have been glued to their televisions to watch the action on the field .
AFC Wimbledon , Hartlepool United , Arsenal , Bristol City and Southampton are among the football clubs to announce plans for a new crest this summer - but is it real ?
The Welsh Rugby Union ( WRU ) has signed a new five - year sponsorship deal with Under Armour for the national team .
Wycombe Wanderers ' new signing Adebayo Akinfenwa has been sent off in his first game for the club .
Worcestershire dominated day two of their County Championship Division Two match against Glamorgan at New Road .
Microsoft co - founder Paul Allen has announced plans to launch his own private space venture .
European newspapers warn that the UK 's vote to leave the EU is the start of a wave of " populism " across Europe , and warn that other countries could follow its lead .
The Conservatives and the Lib Dems spent more on their European election campaign than the Conservatives and Labour combined , figures show .
" Death , taxes and another RHI story every day " .
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a 92-year - old woman who was run over by her own car .
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a van in East Lothian .
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a baby .
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them .
Police are searching for a man who escaped from hospital after jumping from a window in Manchester city centre .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit and killed by a car in West Yorkshire .
Unemployment in Scotland has continued to rise , according to official figures .
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out unnecessary operations on patients has told a court he did not " intentionally scare " patients .
League One side Birmingham City have signed striker Michael Vaughan on loan from Premier League side Chelsea until the end of the season .
Sam Allardyce says he wants England to show they are back on track as they begin their World Cup qualifying campaign against Slovakia with victory on Sunday .
Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan Athletic defender Luke Pearce for an undisclosed fee .
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year - old was stabbed to death in south London .
Mattel , the maker of the Barbie dolls , is in talks to buy rival Hasbro in a deal that would create the world 's biggest toy - maker , according to reports .
A school in Weston - super - Mare which has been in special measures since March is to close at the end of December .
Hearts have completed the signings of Belgian midfielder Abdelhak Rherras and striker Conor Sammon .
Belfast City Council has recommended that a working group involving the BBC , the universities and other agencies should be formed to find a new home for the corporation in the city centre .
A second man has been charged with murder after a man was killed in a hit - and - run crash in Bedfordshire .
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades campaigning to protect the country 's forests has won the Goldman Environmental Prize .
Samsung , LG and Google have said all their Android phones running the latest version of the operating system will get a security update .
The Indian authorities have appealed against the acquittal of two men accused of the rape and murder of an Australian teenager on a beach in 2008 .
Coventry City have signed striker Chris Herd on a two - year deal and striker Frank Nouble on a three - year contract .
Fleetwood Town reached the FA Cup second round for the first time since 2012 with a 4 - 1 extra - time win over League Two Southport .
An MP is appealing for help to save the former home of the " Queen of the Desert " Elizabeth Bell , which has fallen into disrepair .
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia 's rising stars .
The founder of AC Milan , one of the world 's most successful football clubs , is to be honoured in his home city of Nottingham .
Wales football legend Dean Saunders has been told he will not have to pay parking charges at Birmingham Airport if Wales win Euro 2016 .
The front - runners in the race for the Republican presidential nomination have clashed in their first televised debate in Colorado .
Wigan Warriors have signed full - back Sam Tomkins from Premiership rivals Saracens .
Halle Berry became the first black actress to win an Oscar when she took home the best actress prize for her role in The Bridges of Madison County in 2002 .
Two major industrial estates in Southampton have been sold to a port operator .
More than 1,000 servicemen and women have taken part in the annual freedom of Yeovil naval base parade .
Dame Judi Dench has donated Â£10,000 to the Surrey Wildlife Trust to help preserve a woodland in Surrey .
John Commons says he has " no plans " to extend his loan spell at Hibernian beyond the end of the season after making his first competitive appearance for the club .
The death of a three - year - old boy who went missing in Aberdeenshire leads the front pages of Scotland 's newspapers .
When McLaren - Honda boss Ron Dennis talks about the state of their Formula 1 team , he is usually talking about the result of a Grand Prix .
A fire on the M8 motorway in West Lothian has been brought under control .
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for eight years for growing cannabis plants and money laundering .
Residents in Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to give their views on how the town 's schools could be improved .
Shakin ' Stevens has been voted the best Welsh musician of all time by Radio Wales listeners .
England batsman Alex Hales has refunded a fan who spent £ 4.10 on a drink at Lord 's on the third day of the second Test against Sri Lanka because of slow over rates .
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so - called Islamic State group .
Souleymane Aluko 's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City as they came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest .
A man arrested in connection with an attack on the Borussia Dortmund football team 's bus in Germany was motivated by financial greed , investigators say .
Families in Warrington are being offered free school transport to a new swimming pool in a bid to boost participation in sport .
Voters in Moldova are going to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president , in a vote seen as a referendum on the country 's pro - Russian policies .
Weightlifter Artur Vardanian is the latest weightlifter to be disqualified from the London Olympics after failing a retest of his 2012 sample .
China 's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.7 % in 2015 , down from 6.9 % in 2014 , official figures show .
Too many 16 and 17-year - olds in the UK are " drifting into further studies or their first job , which often has no real prospect of progression " , a House of Lords report says .
A new air ambulance service for north and mid Wales is to be launched with consultants on board to treat patients at the scene of an incident .
Lancashire all - rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 28 because of injury .
Kent County Football Club have reported a pre - tax loss of £ 1.2 m for the financial year to the end of June 2015 .
At least six humpback whales have been found dead on a beach in the French city of La Rochelle .
Prop Leone Nakarawa will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the Pro12 season after agreeing a one - year contract extension .
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi - finals for the first time in 13 years as Ben Woodburn became the youngest player to score on his debut for the Reds as they beat Leeds to beat Michael Owen and reach the last four .
Plans for a £ 5.4 m centre to commemorate the English Civil War have been approved by a Nottinghamshire council .
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the wearing of full face veils such as the burka and niqab in public .
He is one of Japan 's richest men , and one of the country 's most powerful businessmen .
A bus company has called for a " credible , agreed plan " before Oxford city centre can be pedestrianised .
Great Britain 's men 's 4x200 m freestyle relay team beat the United States to win gold at the World Championships in Russia .
Theresa May has said North Korea 's missile test over Japan was " outrageous " and " provocative " .
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe , according to a new report .
Whistleblowers in the public sector are being " appalled " by the " appalling treatment " of colleagues , MPs have warned .
Jockey Michelle Payne , who became the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup in 2015 , has been suspended after testing positive for a banned substance .
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admitted his side " ran out of legs " as they lost the Scottish Cup final to Celtic .
The National Farmers ' Union ( NFU ) has said the majority of its members believe the UK should stay in the EU .
A court in Iraq has sentenced 32 men to death for their part in the killing of more than 100 soldiers by Islamic State militants in the city of Tikrit in 2014 .
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley - on - Thames has become the first in the UK to be painted gold following Team GB 's Olympic success .
When it comes to food , Indian restaurants are no different from any other in the world .
Greece is one of the biggest economies in the world , but it 's in trouble .
Plymouth Argyle 's Chris Kelly has been charged by the Football Association with violent conduct after an incident in the 2 - 2 draw with Rochdale .
A garden for children at the Noah 's Ark Children 's Hospital for Wales is to be officially opened later .
Pop star Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards , including best new artist .
Newport Gwent Dragons chief executive Martyn Hazell says the decision by Newport RFC shareholders on whether to accept a £ 3.75 m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union is " hugely important " .
Plans to demolish more than 500 homes in Woking and regenerate the Sheerwater estate are to be reconsidered , residents have said .
Derry face Meath in Saturday 's All - Ireland Football qualifier at Owenbeg and Cavan face Carlow at Breffni Park while Monaghan face Longford at Clones .
British Rowing is investigating bullying claims made against one of its top coaches .
An advert on the Independent newspaper 's blogs website may have been infected with ransomware , according to security researchers .
When I asked Aung San Suu Kyi about the pace of political reform in Myanmar ( also known as Burma ) , she looked around the room with a look of disbelief .
Slavery is a serious and organised crime and must be tackled to make Wales safer .
The SNP has won 56 out of 59 council seats in last week 's local elections in Scotland with a share of the vote of 32.5 % , official results show .
Swansea City are interested in appointing former Marseille boss Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager .
Lectures have been cancelled at Cardiff University after a controlled explosion was carried out at a storage site .
A man has been found guilty of the rape and murder of a teenage girl who was found dead in her bed 30 years ago .
Saudi Arabia 's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has said he is " very keen " to form an alliance of Muslim countries to fight terrorism .
The Co - operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal to raise £ 1.1bn from existing investors to help it stay in business .
A radio station in Carmarthenshire is to relocate from its Pembrokeshire base , BBC Wales understands .
The room in which the Duke of Wellington slept when he died has been recreated for a new exhibition at Walmer Castle .
Defending champions Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the African Nations Championship ( CHAN ) by Congo Brazzaville as hosts South Africa lost 2 - 0 at home to Zambia .
The government 's counter - terrorism strategy has become a " toxic brand " for the Muslim community , a former senior police officer has said .
Spotify , the world 's biggest music streaming service , is launching a new range of non - music content on its app .
An investigation is under way into the cause of a fire at a derelict pub in Powys .
Ulster University ( UU ) has warned that a vote to leave the European Union could lead to the withdrawal of EU students from Northern Ireland .
The acting head of a primary school where a head teacher filmed pupils and staff with a spy pen has admitted voyeurism .
Leyton Orient have signed Andreas Christensen on a season - long loan from Fulham .
Lewis Hamilton says there is an " urgency " for him to make a good start at the Russian Grand Prix as he looks to cut Nico Rosberg 's championship lead .
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United midfielder Chris Sweeney on a two - year deal .
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice actor for a new series of the children 's TV show .
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he hit him with a hammer because he was " angry " about his ex - partner asking for sexual favours .
China 's Ding Junhui is through to the quarter - finals of the UK Championship for the first time in his career .
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have said they are " completely behind " boss Sir Dave Brailsford , amid growing pressure on him .
A 16-year - old boy from Norwich has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack , police have said .
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has denied she is not a progressive , after her rival Bernie Sanders accused her of being too liberal .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat Canada 's Milos Raonic in straight sets to reach the semi - finals of the Miami Open .
A plaque is to be unveiled at the Dumfries and Galloway home where a World War Two submarine commander was born and died .
Plans to give automatic pardons to gay and bisexual men convicted of now - abolished sexual offences are to be brought forward .
A woman has died and two children have been seriously injured in a crash on the M25 .
The wife of an Australian man who travelled to Syria to fight with the so - called Islamic State group has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges .
Derbyshire have signed Shiv Thakor and James Godleman from Leicestershire .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) has set aside a further £ 3.1bn to cover claims relating to mis - selling of payment protection insurance ( PPI ) and mortgage products .
A teenager has been arrested in connection with an incident in Londonderry in which a man was stabbed .
A man has died in a car crash on the A90 in Perthshire .
Austria is to impose daily limits on the number of asylum seekers it will accept , as part of efforts to stem the influx of migrants into the country .
Haiti 's Senate has voted to dismiss President Jovenel Privert after less than 120 days in office .
ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive to create up to 100 train driver jobs .
An Australian father who allowed his 14-year - old daughter to marry a man without his permission has been jailed for five years .
Protests over the death of a man who died after being stopped by police have turned violent .
The National Crime Agency ( NCA ) has questioned a former partner of one of the firms involved in the Nama property deal in Northern Ireland .
Michael Dunlop set the fastest time in both Superbike and Superstock practice sessions at the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod on Friday .
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album , untitled Unmastered , following the success of To Pimp A Butterfly .
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to become the first Briton to climb Mount Everest as part of a research project .
A fisherman has been fined £ 20,000 after a crewman died when he was crushed by a fuel pump on a fishing boat in the North Sea .
The head of telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is " very unlikely " that BT 's Openreach division will be split off from the company .
Russian and Ukrainian state TV channels have been contrasting their coverage of the conflict in eastern Ukraine .
Jess Glynne is to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium , making her the first artist to play the stadium five times .
Andy Murray 's rise to the top of the world rankings is the latest in a long line of sporting achievements that have come and gone so quickly in Britain .
A warning has been issued after three birds of prey were attacked by walkers on Anglesey .
Scott Martin has signed a new two - year contract with Livingston after leaving Blackburn Rovers .
( Close ) : London 's leading shares and the pound have risen after Scotland voted against independence .
Universities should offer students a binding contract to guarantee the quality of their courses , says Universities Minister Jo Johnson .
Bradford Bulls administrators have said they will not be able to complete a deal to sell the club by the end of the week .
A bus driver has been suspended after footage of a street brawl was posted online .
Hundreds of thousands of Afghan migrants have drowned trying to cross the Mediterranean Sea to Europe in the past year , many of them trying to reach Europe by boat .
Wayne Rooney 's new five - and - a - half - year contract with Manchester United - worth £ 85 m over five and a half years - is a huge deal for the club .
An air route development fund for Northern Ireland would be " an advantage " for airlines operating in the region , according to the chief executive of British Airways , Willie Walsh .
A man has gone on trial at the Old Bailey accused of conspiring to pass horsemeat off as beef in a plot to defraud supermarkets .
The BBC 's Women of Africa season recognises inspiring women across the continent .
The head of Fifa 's audit and compliance committee has ruled himself out of the running to lead a new reform taskforce .
South Yorkshire Police Chief Constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests verdict .
A small earthquake has struck in central Italy , the latest in a series of tremors to hit the region in recent months .
A man has died after suffering a medical emergency while being restrained by police .
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland 's best tourist attraction for 10 years running .
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager in a car crash .
A British man who died in a bomb attack in Iraq has been named as a former Guantanamo Bay detainee .
A man who became a British citizen at birth has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation from the UK .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered Israel 's foreign ministry to review all ties with the United Nations .
Edinburgh has more traffic " pinch points " than any other city in the UK , according to research .
A team from the PSNI is to be sent to Northern Ireland to help with the resettlement of Syrian refugees .
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in a tunnel .
Spending on private ambulances in London has more than doubled in two years , according to figures obtained by Labour .
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on the M4 in Port Talbot since new cameras went into operation .
The UK - India Year of Culture 2017 is to see a series of cultural projects in Wales and India .
Huddersfield Giants half - back Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two - year contract with the Super League club .
Hundreds of people have gathered in Edinburgh to support those affected by the Nepal earthquake .
Pakistan 's military has appointed the head of the country 's intelligence agency ( ISI ) as its new chief .
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane says he and manager Martin O'Neill are happy to stay on for the rest of the Euro 2016 tournament .
Oil and gas services firm Proserv has won two major contract wins in the North Sea , including one with the Taqa oil and gas company and one with an established operator .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead near a mosaic in Hyde Park .
Ryan Raggett scored a late winner as Dover beat Welling to boost their National League survival hopes .
Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Paul Edwards as assistant manager .
An 18-year - old Italian man has been arrested for allegedly pretending to be a Lufthansa pilot for at least one flight , Italian police say .
Police are investigating a serious arson attack on a car in West Lothian .
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will have the support of the club 's new owner Francesco Becchetti as he prepares for his first season in charge .
A prominent Bahraini human rights activist , Nabeel Rajab , has been released from prison after serving more than two years .
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut up to £ 1.5 m from its budget as part of cost - cutting measures .
A commemoration has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of England 's victory at the 1966 World Cup .
There 's a palpable sense of relief among tourists visiting the UK .
A social worker who failed to visit offenders with mental health problems on a regular basis has been struck off .
Australian Treasurer Josh Frydenberg has urged Prime Minister Tony Abbott to do more to help refugees fleeing conflict in the Middle East , as pressure mounts on the government .
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland .
British number one Johanna Konta has become the first woman to win back - to - back Wimbledon women 's singles titles with a 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over world number two Angelique Kerber .
A detailed survey of the world 's tallest obelisk is being carried out in a bid to find out why it has been hit by lightning twice .
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol - Myers Squibb 's HIV and asthma drugs business for $ 1.8bn ( £ 1.1bn ) in a bid to boost its HIV business .
The South Korean government has accused North Korea of using wages paid to workers at its Kaesong industrial zone to fund its nuclear programme .
Colchester extended their unbeaten run to five games in League One with victory over Bradford , thanks to goals from James Ambrose and George Moncur .
A trial to see if a drug could prevent type-1 diabetes in children is being launched in Scotland .
Three men and two women have been charged after a protest at London 's Heathrow Airport .
The new series of Geordie Shore starts on MTV on 7 April , and Nathan Wood has revealed he was nervous about going into the house .
A cyclist who sexually assaulted a woman in Bournemouth is being sought by police .
The sale of Tata Steel 's Scunthorpe steelworks could be completed as early as Monday .
A Galapagos tortoise at a zoo in California has died at the age of 83 after a long illness .
Two bullets have been fired at a police car in west Belfast in a " mindless , reckless attempt to kill officers " , police have said .
Scientists from the British Geological Survey ( BGS ) and University College London ( UCL ) say they have discovered a huge amount of water hidden beneath Africa .
Wembley will host the Women 's FA Cup final for the second year in a row , with a record crowd of more than 32,000 expected .
Four people have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a mill .
There was a time when by - elections were a speciality of the Liberal Democrats .
A five - year - old boy with a rare form of cancer has been told he will lose his fight against the disease .
The world premiere of the new animated film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles .
Walsall have signed defender Sean Leahy from Falkirk for an undisclosed fee .
Bangladesh beat England for the first time in their history to win the second Test in Chittagong and level the series .
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has unveiled the Liberal Democrats ' new carer 's package in a speech in Cardiff .
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself , an inquest has heard .
Scunthorpe missed the chance to move into the League One play - off places as they were beaten at Rochdale .
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in the city 's Govanhill area .
Tyson Fury 's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on 29 October despite the British heavyweight champion being charged with a doping offence .
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke - on - Trent .
The US has warned North Korea against " irresponsible provocations " after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor at its main Yongbyon complex .
The funeral has taken place in Perth of James and Ann Graham , one of three Scots killed in the Tunisia terror attack .
The hackers who carried out the WannaCry ransomware attack in May have been linked to North Korea , according to UK officials .
A new surf lagoon in Snowdonia is to close for the winter because of a " serious failure " in its machinery .
Three Chinese astronauts have returned to Earth after a historic mission to the Tiangong-1 space station in which they became the country 's first to live in space .
Six teenagers who carried out a series of carjackings and moped robberies have been jailed .
A County Londonderry food company has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of as many as 14 million US government workers , officials say .
The Forth Road Bridge is to celebrate its 50th anniversary with a procession and fireworks display to mark the occasion .
A football club has apologised after residents complained of a " horrible scraping noise " coming from its ground .
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân ac Achub Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle .
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has revealed he did not realise he had Alzheimer 's disease until he was told he could no longer drive .
Exposure to the UK summer sun for 10 to 15 minutes several times a week is a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer , experts say .
At least 248 people have been killed in air strikes on rebel - held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo in the past week , a monitoring group says .
Newport Gwent Dragons centre Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby because of a head injury .
A German federal intelligence officer has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US , German prosecutors say .
The Isle of Man TT is one of the most gruelling motorbike races in the world .
Gianfranco Zola 's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw as 10-man Barnsley came from behind to claim a point .
The government is to appeal against the High Court ruling that Parliament must vote on whether the prime minister can start the process of leaving the EU .
UKIP 's new general election campaign manager , Raheem Kassam , has said he wants to " make UKIP great again " .
Queen 's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places and jobs by 1,010 over the next three years .
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock boss Lee Clark as their new manager on a two - year deal .
When Prof David Benton first started working in the food industry in the 1960s , he did n't think oil would be a big deal .
Worcester Warriors scrum - half Stuart Hogg says the introduction of a 4 G pitch at their new home will change the way the game is played .
A man who sent " inappropriate " text messages to a 12-year - old girl after meeting her for sex has been jailed .
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK after being released from an open prison .
Mark Haughey scored a late winner as Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Irish Premiership .
It looks like Karrueche Tristan Brown has had enough of Chris Brown .
Flooding has hit parts of Warwickshire , forcing schools to close and disrupting rail and road services .
Eritrea has accused the United Nations of carrying out a " witch - hunt " after a report accused the government of human rights abuses .
Three men have been jailed for more than 20 years for attacking a university lecturer with a hammer during a burglary at his home .
A six - year - old girl was injured when a vapouriser she was riding on a Harry Potter - themed train exploded in Florida , US police say .
The commander of US forces in Europe and the Middle East , US Air Force General Breedlove , has warned that Russia 's expansion of its military presence in Crimea could threaten the entire Black Sea .
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe , one of the greatest scorers in NHL history , has died at the age of 87 .
England pulled off one of the biggest upsets in the history of rugby union as they stunned world champions New Zealand with a record - breaking victory .
Real Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win over 10-man Real Sociedad .
Leicester City 's poor start to the season continued as they were beaten at home by Bournemouth .
A psychiatric ward visit by a police officer could have contributed to the death of a man who drowned in the Menai Strait , an inquest has heard .
Uefa 's Europa League match between Lyon and Besiktas had to be abandoned because of crowd trouble before kick - off in Lyon .
A car has crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire .
A 33-year - old woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being seriously assaulted in Caernarfon .
If you like the sound of that , you 're in luck - the general election campaign is about to begin .
Bristol City boosted their Championship play - off hopes with victory over Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate .
In a remote corner of the Amazon rainforest , a small town called Pena Blanca looks like any other .
Google Home , its voice - activated assistant , is to be sold in the UK for the first time later this month .
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddi llun o hysbyseb y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol ar ei thudalen Facebook ddydd Llun , gan ddweud ei bod wedi cael e
A campaign to raise £ 100,000 to pay for lawyers to analyse the Chilcot report into the Iraq War has reached its target .
Tracey Harrington won the Irish Grand National Hurdle for the third time with Our Duke at Fairyhouse .
MPs have voted to allow the government to trigger Article 50 and leave the European Union .
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan mountains of India , in what is thought to be the first such discovery in the country .
Aston Villa and Leicester City football fans who were arrested after a fight broke out at a match between the sides have been released on bail .
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next Supreme Court justice .
A woman found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been named by police .
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday .
Giannelli Imbula has " not quite adjusted " to life in the Premier League , according to Southampton boss Mark Hughes .
Former world champion Stephen Hendry was beaten 4 - 0 by England 's Peter Lines in the first round of the World Indoor Bowls Championships .
A man has been injured in a shooting at a house in west Belfast .
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man at a Glasgow church has been dismissed and the case adjourned until tomorrow .
A £ 2.5 m research centre aimed at cutting the cost of treating wounds in Wales has been set up at Cardiff University .
Scotland 's Paul Casey and Russell Knox share the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Connecticut .
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky says he will step down at the end of Euro 2016 .
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his target of returning the national finances to a surplus by 2020 .
A whale has been spotted swimming in Belfast Harbour .
Glasgow City Council has said it will have a " full debrief " with police and the organisers of the Orange Order 's Battle of the Boyne parade after a song was sung at the event .
A memorial service has been held for rugby league player Chris Jones , who died after collapsing during a match .
A man has been jailed for life for the " vile " murder of an 83-year - old woman whose body was found in a street in Norwich .
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee .
Thousands of migrants and refugees have been moving out of the so - called Jungle camp in the French port city of Calais .
A Romanian man accused of hacking into Hillary Clinton 's private email account has been sentenced to three years in prison by a federal court in New York .
The 60th anniversary of the opening of the Mauthausen concentration camp in Austria is being marked this week , but it is a date that should not be remembered at all .
Ed Sheeran 's Top Gear appearance is on Sunday and he 's had a bit of a crash .
French rock star Bertrand Cantat has returned to the public eye for the first time since he was convicted of murdering his wife in 2003 .
The Scottish FA is in talks with Scotland Women 's national team players over terms and conditions ahead of the Euro 2017 finals .
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he will continue to be " active " in the transfer market this summer .
Cuba 's government has condemned as " irresponsible " the launch of two colognes named after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez by a state - owned company .
Burnley moved to the top of the Championship with victory over Blackburn Rovers , thanks to Andre Gray 's first - half penalty .
It 's one of those tough decisions the Conservatives have to make when they are in government .
Work permits for EU citizens living and working in the UK could cut net migration by up to 100,000 a year if the UK voted to leave the EU , a report suggests .
Tunisia and Morocco say they have " turned the page " on their long - running dispute with the Confederation of African Football ( Caf ) .
Five - time major winner Phil Mickelson shot a six - under - par 66 to take a two - shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon as rain and wind battered the course .
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Marcus Antononsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Northamptonshire seamer James Buck took 4 - 36 as Durham 's batsmen struggled on day one of their County Championship game at Northampton .
Police officers on Scotland 's rail network are to be issued with Tasers for the first time .
Azhar Ali hit a half - century for Pakistan before rain washed out the second day of the second Test against Australia .
The US economy grew at a slower pace than expected in the final three months of 2014 , but the fall in oil prices helped to boost consumer spending .
The number of asbestos - related cancer cases in Scotland is continuing to rise , according to a charity set up to help those affected .
England 's Rory McIlroy is out of the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after a disastrous second round of 75 .
Scientists have developed flexible rubber skins that could be used to make robots , artificial limbs and surgery tools .
Malaysia has been mired in a corruption scandal since 2015 when a state investment fund , 1MDB , went missing .
There was " no possibility " of an alternative outcome for an inmate who died in prison after being found unconscious in his cell , a report has found .
Hamburg has become the first German city to confiscate empty commercial properties to house asylum seekers , as thousands of migrants arrive in the city .
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has been cleared of any wrongdoing after an investigation into whether she consented to the release of a second book written before her best - selling novel .
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on - air seven days a week for much of the year with guests from across the political spectrum .
Patient safety is at risk in the NHS 111 phone line , a health watchdog has warned .
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry will not take part in a Fox News Republican presidential debate , the network has announced .
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life in a car park has pleaded not guilty in a US court .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a park in Essex .
An Orange hall in County Antrim has been vandalised .
The Oculus Rift is one of the latest products to hit the market .
Thousands of people are expected to turn out for the Scottish National Chainsaw Carving Championships .
The genomes of the last woolly mammoths were " falling apart " before they went extinct .
The CIA director John Brennan 's private email account has been hacked by a hacker , according to documents published online .
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five - year - old daughter and two other children were found locked inside a car boot .
Oscar - winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in France .
Great Britain 's Greg Rutherford qualified for Saturday 's long jump final at the World Athletics Championships in London , despite failing to reach the final .
US drama series Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time , Channel 5 has announced .
An MP is to introduce a bill to stop lawyers cross - examining rape victims in court .
A five - year - old boy with a rare form of cancer has died at the age of four .
A man with paranoid schizophrenia and anti - social personality disorder has been jailed for life for the murder of a hospital worker .
Jockey Barry Ackerman has failed in his appeal against a two - year ban from horse racing .
A number of CrossCountry train services north of Edinburgh to and from north east Scotland will not be axed .
Tributes have been paid to British student Joel Richards who was killed in the Tunisia beach attack .
Mark Duffy eased into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6 - 0 win over China 's Ding Junhui , who was booed off the table during his post - match news conference .
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn more than £ 150,000 a year , figures obtained by the Daily Mail and the BBC suggest .
It 's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise .
University staff in the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a long - running dispute over pay .
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned .
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A75 in Perthshire .
A new divorce form which asks for the name of a third party you believe your husband or wife has committed adultery with has been criticised by lawyers .
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to pay compensation to a former Ulster Unionist Party ( UDR ) MP for a tweet he sent about him .
Labour is in " dire straits " and facing its worst crisis in living memory , former Welsh Secretary Robert Howells has said .
Andy Murray 's former team - mate Jamie Sears has been fined $ 10,000 ( £ 7,000 ) by Wimbledon for swearing during the tournament .
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road .
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says defender Jan Vertonghen does not need surgery on his ankle injury and will be fit for Saturday 's Premier League trip to Southampton .
Indonesia , a vast archipelago of more than 17,000 islands , is one of the world 's largest democracies .
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after beating Braehead Clan 4 - 1 on Monday night .
A woman has been charged with attempted murder following a stabbing in North Tyneside .
Former Birmingham City and Hull City boss Steve Bruce is the right man to be Aston Villa 's new manager , says former Blues defender Robbie Savage .
Dutch Justice Minister Jan Opstelten and Attorney - General Ronald Teeven have resigned after a row over a payment to a convicted drug trafficker .
The Home Office has apologised for a " regrettable typographical error " in a press release about a new requirement for Muslim women to learn English .
Actress Dame Barbara Windsor has died after a short illness .
What do you do when you have the flu ?
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) is to investigate how police responded to concerns for missing actress Sian Blake and her two young sons before they were found dead .
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left - back David Eckersley on a two - year deal .
A charity has said it has been " overwhelmed " by the number of deaf and hard of hearing jobseekers needing help to find work .
A World War Two bomblet has been found on the west coast of Scotland .
The so - called Islamic State ( IS ) group is increasingly using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda , as it continues to lose ground on Twitter .
Fairytales have long been a staple of the fairytale genre - from Disney 's Frozen to Disney 's live - action remake of Beauty and the Beast .
US President Barack Obama will become the first sitting US president to visit Cuba since 1959 .
A 23-year - old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three - year old boy was hit by a car in Merthyr Tydfil .
A woman has been found guilty of a string of child sex abuse offences , including rape , against five children as young as five .
The man who murdered Glasgow schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his life sentence for her " brutal " murder reduced on appeal .
Aaron Ramsey scored his 17th goal of the season as Arsenal secured fourth place in the Premier League with victory over Norwich , who were relegated .
The chief executive of Twitter has said the site needs to do more to stop people " ruining " the service .
The Welsh Government has expressed " concern " over plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios .
The first thing she remembers is turning a corner at the start of a steep descent .
Hurricane Gonzalo has made landfall in Scotland .
A number of humpback whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Lewis .
Mae cynlluniau amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal i'r gogledd a'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth yn cael ei hadeiladu dro
A person has died in a fire at a retirement home in Fife .
Nigeria 's former National Security Adviser , Sambo Dasuki , has been arrested in connection with an arms deal scandal , his lawyer says .
Starbucks , the world 's biggest coffee chain , has reported better - than - expected profits for the year to the end of October .
Ross County manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the year award .
Brian Matthew , who has died at the age of 88 after a long illness , was one of the UK 's most influential radio presenters .
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an " immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire " in the Gaza conflict .
Worcestershire all - rounder James Vince says he wants to use the World Twenty20 as a platform to play other formats for England .
" We are the young people of Timbuktu , we can now dance and do whatever we want , " says 22-year - old Ibrahim Toure , as he and his friends dance and sing .
One of the world 's leading education experts has warned that England 's schools are " robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into unique individuals " .
The head of Cecil , the lion shot dead by a US dentist in Zimbabwe , will be put on display in the Hwange National Park as a memorial to the animal , a conservationist has told the BBC .
The UN Security Council has agreed to send hundreds of police officers to Burundi to help restore order in the country , which has been gripped by political unrest .
Alliance Trust has announced " some of the biggest changes in its history " in a bid to cut costs and improve governance .
Boris Johnson has been accused of being a " poodle of Washington " and a " buffoon " by Russia after cancelling a visit to Moscow .
Braintree Town manager Dean Cowley says his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by Barrow was their " toughest challenge to date " but he remains positive despite the defeat .
Russia has " categorically denied " allegations that it was involved in hacking during the US election campaign .
A secondary school in Oxfordshire could close after inspectors found it was failing pupils .
A 90-year - old woman is in a stable condition in hospital after she was raped in her home in South Lanarkshire .
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for a global anti - corruption summit to be held in London .
Two men who claim to have found a Nazi train full of gold , gems and guns buried in Poland say they have told the authorities it is there .
Tesco has agreed to sell its US food chain Fresh & Easy to private equity firm Yucaipa for an undisclosed sum .
Ipswich Town have signed midfielder Alex Huws on loan from Manchester City until the end of the season and brought in Reading striker George Samuel on a season - long loan .
American swimmer Katie Ledecky won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the women 's 400 m freestyle relay .
A new group has been set up to tackle tuberculosis ( TB ) in Cheshire .
Great Britain won four rowing and cycling gold medals on the final day of the Paralympic Games in Rio on Saturday .
A search is due to begin for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month .
Olympic silver medallist Jessica Ennis - Hill should take her time over her future , says her coach Michele Minichiello .
The number of people affected by a cholera outbreak in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000 , the health ministry says .
The European Council president has given the clearest indication yet that talks on the UK 's exit from the EU will not begin at the same time as talks on trade .
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says defender Bailey Wright could leave the Championship club on a free transfer this summer .
A new vicar has been appointed at a church in Lancashire after a children 's song was sung by the congregation in a viral video .
A man killed his wife by dousing her in white spirit and setting her on fire before going on a walk with his dog , a court has heard .
NHS Direct has pulled out of nine of the 11 remaining NHS 111 services in England , the BBC understands .
Three of the UK 's top Brexit ministers are travelling to Mexico , Australia and Germany as they seek to build momentum for free trade deals with other countries .
Nigeria 's President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to tackle corruption and tackle the country 's huge debts , as he began his first full week in office .
It 's easy to see the media 's frustration that the general election campaign has become a series of photo ops and photo ops .
Institute Football Club have been forced to cancel Friday 's Ulster SFC Championship game against Dungannon Swifts because of flooding at their home ground .
A baby who died of sepsis after being born in a toilet would have survived if he had been given antibiotics sooner , an inquest has heard .
Police in Hong Kong are investigating a suspected mid - air theft on a flight from Dubai to Dubai .
A woman believed to be one of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped in north - eastern Nigeria more than two years ago has been arrested in the town .
Preston North End have agreed a pre - contract deal to sign former Morecambe midfielder Alex Barkhuizen on a free transfer .
Critics have praised an exhibition of cut - out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Tate Modern .
Hundreds of commuters have been treated to a luxury train journey from Kent to London on a vintage train .
If you 're looking for a new way to explore the world around you , you might want to try Google Earth .
UK industrial output fell in February for the second month in a row , while the trade deficit widened , official figures show .
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has been cleared by the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) to remain in charge of the Super Eagles after a disciplinary hearing .
US football fans celebrating a touchdown during a game on Sunday caused a series of small earthquakes in the Pacific Northwest , according to seismologists .
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo has said it will not exhum the bodies of more than 100 people found buried in a field in the capital , Kinshasa , despite calls for it to .
A US federal judge has ruled in favour of the US women 's football team in a dispute over pay .
St Johnstone striker Scott MacLean has signed a new contract with the club .
Nigeria 's Football Federation ( NFF ) offices in Abuja are under siege as a power struggle between two rival factions continues .
Scotland 's only Labour MP has urged party supporters at a rally in Edinburgh not to dwell on the past but to look forward .
Head teachers have criticised Chancellor Philip Hammond for failing to use the Autumn Statement to invest in education .
More than 1,500 taxi drivers with criminal convictions have been granted licences to drive in Scotland in the past year .
Chris Riddell is stepping down as the UK 's children 's laureate after two years in the role .
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss city of St Gallen , killing one person , has died in hospital , police say .
Plans to cut home - to - school transport subsidies for pupils in Gloucestershire have been shelved after opposition councillors said they went " too far " .
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a case that could decide whether the Obama administration can exempt religious groups from a requirement to provide contraception in health plans .
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she allegedly shot at the tyres of a car being pursued by shoplifters .
UK researchers have developed " fingerprints " that could be used to authenticate electronic devices such as smartphones and computers .
An Indian school textbook on vegetarianism is being sold in schools with a chapter claiming that non - vegetarians cheat , cheat and commit sex crimes .
England off - spinner Moeen Ali says it will be " tougher " for him to replicate his Test form against New Zealand and Australia next year .
Oil prices have fallen to their lowest level in more than five years after a decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) not to cut production .
A hospital in Los Angeles has paid hackers $ 17,000 ( Â£10,000 ) to unlock a computer virus that had locked its computer systems .
Channel 4 has commissioned a sequel to Shane Meadows ' award - winning This is England , set in the 1980s .
Three striking primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay and conditions have been sacked , the Guardian reports .
Turkey has accused Russia of violating its airspace for a second time in less than a month .
The chief constable of Avon and Somerset Police has been suspended after being found guilty of misconduct .
England produced a stunning bowling and batting display to take control of the first Test against Australia in Cardiff .
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two - year contract with the club .
A Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has burned its marijuana crop in a bid to avoid a possible federal raid .
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has signed a new three - year contract with the club .
Surrey wrapped up a seven - wicket win over Nottinghamshire in the One - Day Cup for the first time this season with a crushing victory .
Swansea City are considering Gary Rowett or Paul Clement as their next manager .
A shop owner has said she is considering changing the name of her shop because it has been linked to the Islamic State group .
The death of a woman who died after being refused admission to a critical care unit at a Nottingham hospital could happen again unless action is taken , a coroner has warned .
The bodies of 43 Mexican students who went missing in Guerrero state in September were not cremated , a human rights group has said .
Tributes have been paid to the victims of a rollercoaster crash at Dreamworld theme park on Australia 's Gold Coast on Saturday .
England netball players will be paid to play for the first time after the national team agreed central contracts with the Superleague .
At least 28 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu , officials say .
The first giant floating offshore wind turbines are being moved into place off the Scottish coast .
If you are an ardent Brexiteer , stop before you crack open the champagne .
A student in Svalbard , Norway , is working on an app that could help save lives in the event of natural disasters .
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager , saying he has " no ambitions to take another job " .
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has appealed against his conviction for murder at the Supreme Court of Appeal .
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a £ 1 m insurance fraud in which he staged car and bus collisions to make hundreds of thousands of pounds .
How do you solve a problem like Operation Stack ?
Pop star Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from social media to focus on his career .
Luke Berry scored a hat - trick as Cambridge United eased to victory over Cheltenham at the Kassam Stadium .
Scotland made it two wins from two in the Six Nations with a hard - fought victory over Ireland in Edinburgh .
A helicopter manufacturing site could be " significantly downsized or fully closed " after the loss of a major supplier to Leonardo .
Amnesty International has called on the Indian government to repeal a controversial law that gives security forces sweeping powers to kill suspected militants .
The family of an 11-year - old boy who died after taking his own life have called for an inquest into his death to be adjourned after claims a police sergeant spoke to a school manager in January .
Venezuela 's military says it has shot down two unauthorised planes in mid - air in the past 24 hours .
Two hoverboards have caught fire in London in the space of a month , prompting the fire service to issue a safety warning .
US Congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty of running a multi - million dollar bribery and money laundering scheme in Philadelphia .
A US judge has sentenced an al - Qaeda militant held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre in Cuba to life in prison in New York .
The US state of Hawaii has filed a legal challenge to President Donald Trump 's new executive order on immigration .
Mae'r heddlu'r Coed Duon wedi cael ei saethu gyda gwn Taser yn y gorffennol yng ngwesty'r Sirhowy Arms yn Argoed .
It 's not every day you get a call from a friend and they ask you why you smell so good .
Ireland 's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after carding a six - under - par 65 in the third round of the US PGA Championship to take a share of the lead .
The family of a British journalist who was found dead at a Turkish airport have said they believe she acted alone .
Wales captain Joe Ledley hopes manager Chris Coleman will sign a new contract with the national team .
Fleetwood boosted their League One play - off hopes with a comfortable win at Scunthorpe .
Four British men and two women have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences in connection with an alleged plot to free the leader of an Islamist group in Norway .
A man wanted in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries has been arrested .
Tributes have been paid to a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands .
Nicola Sturgeon has said the results of a survey launched by the SNP to gauge public opinion on independence will be published once it has been completed .
Nico Rosberg headed a Red Bull one - two in first practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton struggled with problems .
Broadband providers have been given more time to comply with new rules aimed at making adverts for their services more transparent .
Police are investigating a series of vandalism attacks on cars in north Edinburgh .
If you were mis - sold payment protection insurance ( PPI ) by your bank then you may find that the amount of compensation you receive depends on which bank you use .
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats centre Jamie Sneyd has signed a new two - year deal with the Super League club .
Chelsea defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season - long loan deal .
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing more than $ 2bn ( Â£1.8bn ) from the country 's treasury during his time in power .
A children 's book written by the author of the It film has won the Waterstones Children 's Book of the Year award .
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in rallies in Belfast and across the UK to protest against the new US President Donald Trump .
Team news for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand .
A quarter of a billion pounds will be made available to help councils in England introduce weekly bin collections , the government has announced .
A gang of heroin dealers who dealt in " industrial quantities " of the " highly addictive evil drug have been jailed for more than 10 years .
A secondary school has changed its name to remove the word " Isis " from its name following the rise of the Islamic State group .
Check out this super - fast trolley !
Two - time Olympic goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended from the United States women 's team for two matches after testing positive for a banned substance .
Hull FC will face Super League rivals Leeds Rhinos in the Million Pound Game semi - finals of the Challenge Cup .
David Hall , the actor who played David Bowie in his musical Lazarus , is to perform at the Mercury Music Prize ceremony in London later this month .
Vanuatu 's president has declared a state of emergency in the Pacific nation after a powerful cyclone hit the island nation .
Google has confirmed it has shut down its internet drone project Titan Aerospace .
A woman has died in a two - vehicle crash on the A9 in Aberdeenshire .
A public inquiry has begun into plans for a £ 100 m motor racing circuit in Blaenau Gwent .
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in first - half profits as it continues to be hit by restructuring costs and weak economic conditions .
Newport County were beaten 2 - 0 by Barry Town in their final pre - season friendly before the start of the new season .
" I want to be a game maker . "
Rangers produced a dominant display to thrash Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship .
Political parties are promising to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion .
The Muslim Council of Wales has said it is " appalled " after a teacher from Neath Port Talbot was barred from boarding a US flight with a school party .
An independent mediator will be needed to " reset working relationships " between key stakeholders in the Casement Park stadium project , a report has said .
If you want to browse the internet more securely , you might want to consider setting up a VPN .
Turkey 's prime minister has warned that military action against Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Syria and Iraq could have " consequences " for the region .
Tomatina is one of the oldest tomato festivals in the world .
Plans to turn a Grade II listed building in Cardiff city centre into flats have been approved by councillors .
West Ham 's move from the Boleyn Ground to a new stadium in Stratford - upon - Avon will have an impact on the local economy , but how will it affect businesses in the area ?
Oscar - winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery in a new BBC One drama .
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack have been announced as the new hosts of The X Factor on ITV .
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side can still finish second in the Scottish Premiership despite losing 3 - 0 to Rangers .
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says they have made the fans proud by reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016 .
League One side MK Dons have signed Bradford City midfielder Joe Ward on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
A section of cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed after heavy rain caused a landslip .
The Metropolitan Police 's anti - corruption unit , once known as the " ghost squad " , has been at the centre of one of the most high - profile corruption investigations in British police history .
Wales Air Ambulance is to become the first air ambulance in the UK to carry incubators for newborn babies .
Thousands of people have turned out to see the giant snow sculptures that have been created for this year 's Festival of Ice in Berlin .
Glasgow Warriors missed the chance to make it back - to - back wins over Leinster in the Pro12 as they were beaten at the RDS .
A 72-year - old man has been found dead at his home in Saltcoats .
The number of businesses going into administration in Scotland has fallen , according to the latest figures from accountancy firm KPMG .
Cardiff Blues extended their lead at the top of the European Challenge Cup with a bonus - point win over Pau .
Three members of staff have been arrested after a pupil drowned in a swimming pool .
Wigan Athletic have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan - Smith on a two - year deal .
Five businesses in Edinburgh have been fined after inspectors found they were using communal bins meant for residents to dispose of household waste .
The chief of India 's film censor board has resigned after a controversial film about a controversial guru from a religious sect was cleared for release .
Ex - Olympic gold medallist Gary Porter has returned to Leicestershire as chief executive of the League Two club .
Dairy farming in India is one of the fastest growing sectors in the country 's economy .
A body found in the River Severn has been confirmed as that of a missing man .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) has been fined HK$1.3bn ( £ 0.1bn ) by Hong Kong regulators for failing to stop a trader from manipulating interest rates .
A volcano in Hawaii in the US state of Hawaii has been spewing lava into the air .
Britain 's Chris Froome retained his lead in the Vuelta a Espana as Italy 's Matteo Trentin won stage four in a sprint finish .
EE has been rated as the best mobile network in the UK for speed and reliability , according to a new study .
American Patrick Reed will play in the Ryder Cup for the first time at Hazeltine in September after finishing joint first at the Tour Championship .
Aung San Suu Kyi , the Burmese opposition leader who was freed from house arrest last year , is to be honoured at Brighton Festival .
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia .
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a Kent woman 's home .
Israel has issued a warning to its citizens travelling to India , warning them to be on the lookout for possible terror attacks .
A man who was sexually abused as a child at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government 's child abuse inquiry .
UK retail sales grew at their slowest annual rate in more than three years in May , according to official figures .
Facebook has announced a raft of new add - on apps for its Messenger messaging app , allowing users to post to other social networks and services .
A few years ago , I had a fake girlfriend .
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next to Facebook ?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is to write the script for a TV series based on the sci - fi author Philip Dick 's Electric Dreams .
Bournemouth have re - signed midfielder Luke Surman on a season - long loan from Norwich City .
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years , spewing huge plumes of ash and gas into the air .
Prime Minister Theresa May has read out the potential offences under investigation in connection with the Hillsborough disaster to MPs .
Saracens cruised to a bonus - point win over Oyonnax in their Champions Cup opener , with England fly - half Owen Farrell leading the way with two tries .
Two men have been re - arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenage girl was found dead in Leicestershire .
Exeter Chiefs scrum - half Tom Chudley will miss the rest of the Premiership season after being ruled out of Saturday 's game against Connacht in Cardiff .
A teenager accused of plotting to kill Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he did not think she was an enemy .
The Northern Ireland economy grew in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
Nico Rosberg set the fastest time on the second day of pre - season testing for Mercedes as he said it was " very close " between his team and Ferrari at the moment .
Equiniti has become the first Northern Ireland - based company to win a major contract from the Passport Office .
Turkey has accused the US of putting it on a " parliamentary par with a terrorist organisation " after it said it had held talks with Kurdish fighters in Syria .
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a safety campaign in her memory .
A BBC Spotlight survey for the BBC Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll suggests a majority of Northern Ireland voters would back staying in the UK if a poll was held today .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore ( Bombay ) have detained a group of protesters who were protesting against the arrest of a French envoy for allegedly raping a child .
Scientists say they have found the first direct evidence that high - altitude temperatures at the top of Jupiter 's atmosphere may be driven by thunderclaps .
The FA Cup is one of the world 's most prestigious cup competitions , and this year 's preliminary round is no different .
Footballer Ched Evans was a " wealthy , successful young footballer " who " felt entitled " to have sex with a young woman , a court has heard .
Two men have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court for their part in a multi - million pound drugs operation .
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable ( TWC ) for $ 78.7bn ( Â£65.4bn ) in a deal that would create the country 's biggest cable company .
Politicians have been reacting to the death of a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack .
Russia 's top adviser to President Vladimir Putin has accused the US of " interfering flagrantly and unilaterally " in Ukraine 's internal affairs , and of training and arming protesters .
A senior Bangladeshi politician has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the 1971 war of independence from Pakistan .
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised on social media for a tweet it sent out to celebrate Pride Month .
Relegation - threatened Featherstone Rovers and Huddersfield hooker Ben Bateman are among the latest rugby league players to be banned for doping .
About the BBC Sports Personality of the Year .
Imagine having to get down on your hands and knees on a dirty floor or squashing yourself into the back of your car just to change your clothes .
England beat West Indies by eight wickets to win the fifth one - day international and seal a 3 - 0 series victory in Antigua .
A 28-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train .
Two bodies have been found in eastern Libya after the crew of a Libyan airliner were kidnapped last month , officials say .
A US judge has sentenced a Nigerian man to life in prison for trying to blow up an airliner in December 2009 .
A " veneer of respectability " who built the Greggs bakery chain into one of the UK 's biggest employers was an " abuser of children " , a court heard .
A new partnership has been set up to help people with rare diseases in Northern Ireland .
The woman at the centre of a police investigation into allegations of child sex abuse by Sir Edward Heath has said she had " no involvement " with the former prime minister .
Sixteen men have been charged in connection with a crash in West Yorkshire in which four people died .
A man has paid more than a thousand pounds for a pumpkin seed which he hopes will become the world 's heaviest pumpkin .
A woman has died following a two - car crash in the Borders .
A music teacher raped a student in his car because he was " critical " to her future career , a court has heard .
Bullying in Scotland is " on the increase " , according to a new report .
AFC Wimbledon 's League Two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by Portsmouth .
Homes and businesses have been flooded in Wrexham after heavy rain caused flash flooding .
Wimbledon is one of the biggest tennis tournaments in the world , with the men 's and women 's singles finals taking place over two weeks .
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his five - year Football Association ban for betting on football extended by a year .
The Killers ' Brandon Flowers talks to the BBC about his new album , The Desired Effect , and why he wants to " take on the world " .
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned of delays and cancellations due to improvements to services in Bristol .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund suffered a shock quarter - final defeat by third seed Stan Wawrinka at the Rogers Cup in Toronto .
The US director of national intelligence has said he has " never been directed to do anything illegal or immoral " by the president .
Plans to connect a wind farm to a substation in Denbighshire have been approved , the High Court has ruled .
Dublin won their second All - Ireland title in three years as they beat Mayo 0 - 17 to 1 - 13 in a thrilling All- Ireland Football final at Croke Park .
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for African leader of the year has not been announced , seven years after it was launched by Sudanese entrepreneur Omar al - Bashir .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned as " utterly mistaken and unacceptable " the deputy chief of staff 's remarks about the Holocaust .
A learner driver has been caught driving a £ 50,000 luxury car with a parking ticket on the windscreen .
A 3D printer has been used to recreate a missing motor from a rare German codebreaking machine used during World War Two .
US military police are investigating an " over - exuberant " pillow fight at West Point in New York that left cadets injured , the academy says .
Users could soon be able to sign on to tablets and smartphones using images instead of passwords .
The family of a man who lost two teeth after being punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital in Gloucestershire have criticised the way the case was handled .
An Uber taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital , Delhi , for allegedly raping a female passenger , police say .
Ghana 's government has reversed its policy of keeping nurses under a " bond " to stop them leaving the country .
World number one Dustin Johnson says he is in " good shape " to win a fourth consecutive PGA Tour title after finishing in a tie for fourth at the Winston - Salem Open .
A council has said it is " really , really disappointed " after one of its most famous characters failed to turn up at a Christmas lights switch on .
Mark Selby will face Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi - finals after taking a 6 - 2 lead over Marco Fu .
A councillor has been warned by a council that it will seek a High Court injunction to stop her from taking part in future protests .
Aston Villa have completed the £ 52 m takeover of the Championship club by Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia .
Five people have been arrested after a teenager was stabbed to death in north London .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the military 's role in the Arab Spring .
League One side Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough defender Jordan Rhodes by a month .
Warrenpoint Town have said they are " shocked " by a decision by the Irish Football Association not to impose any punishment on Carrick Rangers following a disciplinary hearing .
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Fulham and Luton Town defender James Lawless .
Fans at the Download music festival have been asked to pose for selfies with armed police at the event .
How safe are the world 's banks really ?
An international deal to phase out one of the world 's most destructive greenhouse gases is expected to be agreed on Thursday .
The UK 's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade , official figures show , as wage growth slowed .
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola can change the mentality of English football .
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season - long loan deal .
Two men have been convicted of stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries and Galloway village after a row over drugs .
Bhutan , a tiny Himalayan kingdom on the border between China and India , is one of the world 's newest democracies .
The brother of a man who was trampled to death by a herd of cows has called for better safety measures on footpaths .
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers and QPR boss John Waddock as their new manager .
Political parties should stop talking about Brexit in terms that people " do n't understand " , a leading Brexit campaigner has said .
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of encryption keys has reignited a long - running dispute over who should control the technology .
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff while suffering from post - partum psychosis could have been saved , an inquest has heard .
Hilary Benn 's decision to vote against the government 's motion of no confidence in the Labour Party over the Syria intervention may have raised the prospect of a coup attempt against Jeremy Corbyn .
Luke Bowe and James Henderson could return from injury in time for Ulster 's Pro12 game against Zebre in Belfast on Friday .
A man has been seriously injured and another seriously injured in an attack at a house in Edinburgh .
A bald eagle has made itself at home at a Perthshire nature reserve after making himself at home in its nest .
Aliona Vilani , who won this year 's Strictly Come Dancing with Jay McGuinness , has ruled herself out of the next series .
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last three months , figures show .
China won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory over Japan in the men 's table tennis team final .
The owner of a comedy club in the US state of Texas says he does n't think people laughed when he first opened it .
The European Professional Football League ( EPFL ) says it will end its agreement with Uefa to allow domestic matches to be played on the same night as European games .
For decades , crocodile farmers in Australia have been gathering wild eggs from nests in remote parts of the country .
Four women who had relationships with undercover police officers have told MPs about the " shocking " and " devastating " experience of being duped into having sex with undercover officers .
Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women 's Super League One champions Sunderland .
The future of a " vulnerable " coastal railway line could be at risk from sea - level rise , according to a new report .
US President Donald Trump has been accused of cherry - picking when he said that the US pullout from the Paris climate agreement would have no impact on global temperatures .
Manchester City have accepted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about players ' whereabouts for drug testing .
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in a " despicable " attack outside a bar in Powys .
A driver caught speeding at 101 mph on a dual carriageway in East Yorkshire has been reported to the courts .
A " tax on work " charge for parking at work has come into force in Nottingham , with some staff opting not to pay .
The parents of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said they have not left her side and are sleeping with her .
A Gallipoli war veteran has been reunited with his suit and badges after it was accidentally returned to him by a passenger who had picked up the wrong suitbag .
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in Ethiopia 's Oromia region after a stampede at a religious festival killed more than 200 people .
Bristol City maintained their 100 % start to the Championship season as they thrashed Cardiff City at Ashton Gate .
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea City and increase the pressure on manager Francesco Guidolin .
Two police forces in Wales have been rated " inadequate " by inspectors .
Police in India have arrested nine people in connection with the collapse of a building in the western city of Mumbai that killed more than 50 people .
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale , says manager Mauricio Pochettino .
The BBC 's Reality Check team has been answering your questions about the UK 's vote to leave the EU .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund beat Spain 's Feliciano Garcia - Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open .
Edinburgh have confirmed they will play their home matches at Myreside next season .
" None of the computers or machines worked except for the MRIs . "
French actress Brigitte Lebeau , best known for her role in World War Two film Casablanca , has died aged 93 .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side were " frightened and scared " as they were knocked out of the Champions League by Malmo .
Alloa Athletic have appointed John Ross as head coach on a two - year contract .
The former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission ( IMC ) , Lord Alderdice , has said he does not think it would be appropriate for the body to return to Northern Ireland .
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League .
More than £ 3.9bn in child maintenance arrears is likely to be uncollectable , according to government figures .
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the first player in NBA history to score 10,000 career points .
A China Eastern Airlines plane has made an emergency landing after a hole appeared in one of its engines .
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he will return to Manchester City at the end of the season if he is not given a regular place at the club .
A judge in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 14-year - old girl who was found dead in woodland last month .
US President Barack Obama has called for " visible prosecutions " of corruption in Kenya , on the final day of his trip to Africa .
Hundreds of people have gathered to remember a teenager who was killed while doing rooftop running in Paris .
Voters in Kenya have been casting their ballots for the first time since the disputed elections of 2007 , which ended in violence .
The UK government 's immigration rules for non - EU chefs have led to the " erosion of authenticity " in Scottish curry houses , according to the industry .
" To bring an end to the civil war and to end the humanitarian crisis . "
Paul Lawrie has revealed that he will have surgery on his foot this winter and will miss the rest of the season .
European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis , with Slovakia , Hungary and Romania among those opposed to a controversial relocation plan .
Italy 's prime minister has urged the European Union to do more to deal with the migrant crisis , after three northern regions said they would not accept any more migrants .
A pilot has been seriously injured after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire .
Police investigating Bloody Sunday have made contact with more than 100 soldiers as part of their investigation into the killings .
Sierra Leone has imposed a three - day lockdown across the country to try to contain the spread of the deadly Ebola virus .
Relatives of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have urged the home secretary to introduce a law to force public officials to cooperate with police investigations .
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car .
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £ 30,000 to a fan who accused him of threatening him with a gun .
A seven - year - old boy called Safid has told Newsround why he wants to come to the UK .
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys at the top of the table with a bonus - point win over Treviso .
Plans to build more than 300 new homes in Flintshire have been approved .
Two new Earth - observing cameras have been installed on the International Space Station .
The Republic of Ireland 's central bank is to sell off more than £ 30 m of agricultural loans that have been held by the Ulster Bank .
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart in what police say was an act of terrorism .
Thai police investigating the murders of two British tourists say they have made " no progress " in their investigation after DNA tests failed to identify any suspects .
Notts County have signed former Nottingham Forest defender Danny Wilson on a free transfer .
A woman who claims she was sexually abused by a man as a child has told a court he is a " monster " .
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three - and - a - half - year contract with Burnley in a bid to secure a place at Euro 2016 .
Three Welsh ministers have come out in support of Yvette Cooper as the Labour Party chooses a new leader .
The internet in Turkey is being blocked across the country by the government in a crackdown on online anonymity , a monitoring group says .
A new report by Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) says it has " credible evidence " that at least 6,786 people died in detention or in military hospitals in Syria after being tortured .
Mexico 's Football Federation ( FMF ) has been warned by Fifa that it could be fined or expelled from matches if it fails to stop homophobic chanting .
Former Plaid Cymru AM Lord Elis - Thomas has said the party is " not willing to seriously participate in government " in Wales .
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an " intense performer " but insists he is a " different guy " off the field .
A man has died and another is in hospital with life - threatening injuries after a stabbing in Birmingham .
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of trying to " undermine the credibility " of its report on airport expansion .
A 25-year - old man who was shot dead at a house party in Surrey has been named as James Hunter .
World number one Stuart Bingham says he could play at the World Championship if his wife gives birth to their third child .
A fire at a former cigarette factory in Nottingham that destroyed part of the city 's historic industrial heritage is set to be demolished .
England 's women beat world champions New Zealand in the final of the Women 's Rugby World Cup Qualifier in Hamilton , New Zealand .
A former TV producer who was jailed for 17 years for plotting to kill his partner has lodged an appeal against his conviction .
Drivers in a Leicestershire village have been caught speeding more than 600,000 times in the past year , according to a campaign group .
A member of the Barcelona terror cell accused of planning a series of attacks in Spain has told a court in Madrid that the group 's plans were scaled back after a house explosion .
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to withdraw the US from the Trans - Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal .
An " incredible " painting of a 19th Century aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust for £ 2.1 m .
Luton Town have released five players after their play - off final defeat by Blackpool , but have offered new deals to goalkeeper Liam King and defenders Jack Potts and Jack King .
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth .
Olympic long jump champion Greg Rutherford became the first Briton to win the Great North City Games long jump title with victory in Newcastle .
A video showing the Queen and her mother giving a Nazi salute has been released by a newspaper .
Fijian rugby union legend Viliame Matavesi first came to Cornwall in the 1980s as a miner in South Crofty .
Oxford 's High Street is to be opened to pedestrians for the first time since it was closed to traffic during a shopping centre redevelopment .
Olympic athletes and celebrities have been spotted with red circles on their skin that they say are the result of using acupuncture to help them recover from training .
Scotland slumped to a 2 - 0 defeat by England in their World Cup qualifier at Hampden Park on Tuesday night .
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) has been fined more than £ 40 m by the UK 's competition watchdog after it found it broke the law in relation to a drug .
Lewis Hamilton says it is " realistic " for him to lose the Formula 1 world title to Mercedes team - mate Nico Rosberg this year .
Derby County assistant boss Nigel Powell says he is " fine " after being suspended by the Championship club .
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 1 to take a 2 - 1 lead in the best - of - seven World Series .
The price of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen sharply after one of its most prominent developers said it was doomed .
A Picasso portrait of a nude woman by the artist Pablo Picasso has become the most expensive painting to sell at auction in New York .
Nigel Farage is to appear on Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network .
Former Scottish Labour leaders have reacted angrily to the resignation of Johann Lamont as leader of the party in Scotland .
A police officer has described helping to deliver a baby as " one of the most rewarding " moments of his career .
EDF , the French energy firm behind the planned new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset , is expected to decide next week whether to press ahead with the project .
Jaguar Land Rover ( JLR ) has announced that it is to invest £ 500 m in its Solihull plant and create 1,000 new jobs .
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a brilliant ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket for the third time in four years on the favourite Air Force Blue .
A 40-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland .
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a match has been offered £ 1,000 to repair it .
A 25-year - old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport after arriving in the UK from Turkey .
Australia has expelled an Israeli diplomat from its embassy in Canberra after discovering that Israel was behind the use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Palestinian militant .
People in Cambridge are being asked to knit thousands of tiny " Tour de France " pullovers and knitted bunting in a bid to promote the race .
Mae grŵp wedi ymgymryd â chynllun gan Lywodraeth y DU yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu ffoaduriaid i'r Swydd
A major Scottish salmon producer has reported a loss for the first three months of the year after being hit by " exceptional mortalities " .
Northern Ireland faces a further four years of " challenging economic circumstances " , according to a new report .
Olympic silver medallist Sarah Tait has died at the age of 35 .
The family of a schoolgirl who was raped and murdered by a convicted murderer have said they are " stunned " by the way the case was handled .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the contrasting fortunes of Cyprus and Iceland .
A teacher at a primary school in Spain has been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences .
Queen 's Park moved up to fourth in Scottish League Two with victory over Montrose .
Tens of thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital , Amman , against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah II .
A woman charged with the murder of a two - year - old girl has been remanded in custody at Belfast 's Royal Victoria Hospital .
Plans to reduce the number of councils in Wales to eight are to be considered by the local government minister .
This year 's BBC Proms will feature the work of more than 1,000 primary school pupils , as part of the Ten Pieces project .
GoPro 's chief executive has announced plans to launch a consumer drone .
An engineering firm in the Highlands is set to create up to 200 new jobs after securing £ 30 m of funding from the Scottish government .
Photographer Celine Stella has travelled to Saudi Arabia to take pictures of the country 's neon - lit streets , and has returned with a series of stunning portraits .
Congolese singer Joseph Olomide has been arrested at his home in the capital , Kinshasa , after being deported from Kenya over an alleged assault on a female dancer .
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at Wales ' largest hospital in a bid to ease traffic congestion .
The common cuckoo is one of the UK 's favourite birds .
More than 1,000 homes in Kirklees are to be fitted with solar panels as part of a £ 10 m scheme to reduce household bills .
Back in the 1970s , according to former City trader John Haynes , the trading floor of the London Stock Exchange was a hive of activity .
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has said he plans to use social media to express himself while in prison .
Lord Bannside , the former first minister of Northern Ireland , talks to BBC News NI about the signing of the Ulster Covenant and how it means to him a century on .
Night - vision goggles are to be used by council staff to tackle dog fouling in Staffordshire .
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have reported their best - ever passenger numbers for January .
John Higgins beat Stuart Bingham 10 - 6 in a thrilling final to win the China Championship for the first time since 2012 .
US tech giant Apple has raised $ 35bn ( £ 24bn ) in a bond sale to help fund its plan to return money to shareholders .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport ( Cas ) has lifted provisional bans on six Russian cross - country skiers from the 2018 Winter Olympics .
Nick Gubbins hit his second century of the season as Middlesex took control against Somerset at Taunton .
Karen Gillan , best known for her roles in Doctor Who and Guardians of the Galaxy , has returned to Scotland to make her first feature film .
Transport for London ( TfL ) is to stop issuing cash - free bus tickets for the first time as part of a £ 24 m savings .
The European Space Agency 's Galileo satellite navigation system has been launched .
Polls have closed in the second round of Colombia 's presidential election .
Dance act Major Lazer have topped the UK album chart with Alternative Light Source .
The former US President Barack Obama has told his Irish counterpart that he wants to visit Ireland , according to the Irish president 's son .
The RMT union has accused Southern of " targeted harassment " and " harassing " its members on Twitter .
The Conservatives have retained control of Derbyshire County Council .
Widnes Vikings can " turn this year around " after a run of three straight defeats , according to assistant coach Chris Betts .
A US appeals court has ruled that President Donald Trump 's temporary travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries can be reinstated .
Police have appealed for information after a train guard was spat at and threatened by a passenger .
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a farm in Lancashire , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) has confirmed .
An NHS trust has apologised for a " distressing situation " in which a politician 's body was released from a hospital mortuary and sent to a funeral directors without his surname being written on the paperwork .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his country 's military presence in Syria is not a threat to Israel .
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England 's permanent manager after succeeding Roy Hodgson as interim boss .
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) is one of the big issues in the EU - US negotiations .
A jigsaw puzzle set up by a man in Norfolk to raise money for a children 's hospital has been delayed after four pieces went missing .
Some species of plants and animals are in a " double jeopardy " of climate change and habitat destruction , say scientists .
The Utah Owlz minor league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised after a promotion for " Caucasian Heritage Night " sparked a backlash .
In South Africa , a growing number of schools are turning to digital learning tools such as e - learning and social media to teach their pupils .
Kilmarnock maintained their unbeaten start to the Scottish League Two season with a narrow victory in the Scottish Cup .
Wales have been praised for their " fantastic performance " in the Euro 2016 tournament despite losing out in the final to Portugal .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has welcomed TVR 's decision to build a new car assembly plant in Ebbw Vale .
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are due to arrive in Liberia for field trials in the next few weeks .
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Great Britain 's second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they defended their women 's double sculls title .
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest on Friday has passed 100 , officials say .
Conference Premier club Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their debts of £ 220,000 .
A former Royal Navy diver who carried out a search for the sunken HMS Coventry during the Falklands War has described how he visited the ship 's " war grave " .
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in a head - on crash are trying to raise money to build a woodland centre in his memory .
The Irish government has been accused of failing to meet basic human rights standards during the recession .
League One strugglers Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce after just six months in charge .
A convenience store has been damaged in a suspected arson attack .
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 19th Century copper mine in the Lake District .
Kirsty Williams is the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats - the party 's smallest party in the assembly - and is facing a tough election campaign .
England 's world number one Laura Robson won her second British Squash Championships title with a straight - set victory over world number two Kirsty Waters .
Royal Mail has released a series of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London .
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Montana 's Glacier National Park .
A moustache contest is being held in Dover to celebrate 70 years of British beards .
After weeks of speculation about whether the Bank of England would extend his time as its head in reaction to the Brexit vote , Mark Carney has decided to stay on for just one more year .
The police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) for Devon and Cornwall has been warned by the chief constable over plans to move his office from Exeter to Plymouth .
The summer transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on 1 July , with clubs in the Premier League being allowed to sign only domestic players .
A World War One museum in Dorset has been awarded £ 1.5 m to help people learn more about the conflict .
Google 's chairman , Eric Schmidt , has said he is " puzzled " by the debate over the company 's tax arrangements in the UK .
A new centre of excellence for renewable energy research is to be set up at the University of Ulster after it was awarded £ 10 m in EU funding .
A house in Londonderry has been set alight in two separate attacks .
A life sentence given to a man who stabbed a man to death in a case of mistaken identity has been quashed .
Police around the world are asking the public to help track down nine suspected wildlife criminals .
Denny Solomona scored a hat - trick of tries as Castleford Tigers beat Widnes Vikings to end their season on a high .
Ethiopians are mourning the retirement of one of the world 's most famous athletes .
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot in Lincolnshire .
A Ceredigion castle has been transformed into a World War One battlefield .
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his team have the " strength and power " to beat Germany in Wednesday 's World Cup match .
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia to have any chance of qualifying for the finals in Russia .
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg .
A cessation of hostilities is due to come into effect in the Syrian city of Aleppo on Thursday , the US and Russia have announced .
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of having gay sex , police say .
Damien Hirst 's autobiography is to be published by Penguin Books later this year .
Plans to improve one of Glasgow 's busiest roads and create up to 1,000 new jobs have been unveiled .
A 42-year - old man who died after his car crashed into a tree in the Scottish Borders has been named .
A fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset has been identified as a new species of extinct reptile .
The line - up for this year 's Glastonbury Festival has been announced , with Radiohead , Foo Fighters and Foo Fighters among the headliners .
Professor Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC 's annual Reith Lectures , in which he will talk about black holes .
Gambling revenues in China 's gambling capital , Macau , have fallen sharply in the three months to September as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending continues .
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after the Israeli leader said he would not support the creation of a Palestinian state while he was prime minister .
Universities in Wales must do more to engage with their communities after the vote to leave the EU , the education secretary has said .
Women 's Premier League side Arsenal Ladies have announced they are changing their name to ' Arsenal Women ' in a bid to promote equality .
The US government has given conditional approval for Royal Dutch Shell to resume oil and gas drilling in the Chukchi Sea off the coast of Alaska .
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has defended the government 's plans for high - speed broadband , insisting that no speed is " enough " .
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a " sea change " in the depiction of rape and violence on TV , calling it " crime porn " .
Bakery chain Greggs has reported a rise in sales and profits for the third quarter of the year , helped by strong demand for food and drink .
England 's opening batsman Keaton Jennings should be dropped before the Ashes , says South Africa captain Steve Smith .
Campaigners have marched through the Lincolnshire Wolds to highlight their opposition to a planned wind farm at Gayton le Marsh .
Thousands of terminally - ill people in England , Wales , Northern Ireland and Scotland are missing out on vital end - of - life care , according to a report .
China 's first " baby hatches " for abandoned babies have been temporarily closed to new arrivals , the director of one of the centres has said .
Sterling has fallen below $ 1.30 against the dollar after the UK 's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in three years .
Leinster secured their place in the Pro12 play - offs with a hard - fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield .
Three more Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing drugs tests .
Alexis Sanchez scored a goal and won a penalty as Arsenal ended a run of two successive Premier League defeats with victory over Hull City .
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a teenager who took her own life .
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of the video assistant referee ( VAR ) system in Serie A , saying it is " not good for football " .
London workers have the longest commute times in the UK , according to a study by the TUC .
There is " every likelihood " there will be a vote in the assembly on triggering Article 50 , Wales ' top law officer has said .
A rise in the number of livestock worrying incidents reported to police has been attributed to a campaign encouraging farmers to report the crime .
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk and introduce a Farmer 's Marque label in a bid to help dairy farmers .
Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Bai Koroma has refused to sign into law a controversial new abortion law despite pressure from human rights groups .
Charlton Athletic have re - signed striker Yannick Carrasco on a season - long loan from Ajax .
Iceland beat the Netherlands 2 - 0 in Reykjavik to make it two wins from two in their Euro 2016 qualifiers .
A Cardiff drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two - year - old boy with a garden chair .
Forest Green Rovers have signed Cambridge United defender Mark Roberts on a free transfer .
Boris Johnson has been caught on camera apparently giving his wife a backie on his bike .
Sunderland have terminated the contract of midfielder Emmanuel Eboue after he was banned by Fifa for six months .
Saracens centre Nick Tompkins has signed a new two - year contract with the Premiership club .
Wales is " paying the price " for not doing enough to promote renewable energy , a leading business lawyer has said .
A decision by the Information Commissioner 's Office to publish details of West Ham 's rental deal for the London 2012 Olympic Stadium has been criticised by the club .
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom has been taken to hospital after collapsing at a Nevada brothel .
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £ 3.5 m in damages to the family of a baby girl who was left paralysed at birth .
When Google bought Tony Fadell 's Nest division , it got more than just an internet - connected thermostat and smoke detector .
Scientists have used a huge radio telescope in the US desert to get a detailed view of Jupiter 's atmosphere .
Guernsey have been given until Monday to decide if they want to compete in the FA Cup after the governing body set out conditions for them .
The US government will not grant an easement to allow the construction of a controversial oil pipeline to cross a Native American reservation in North Dakota .
Welsh Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said the general election presents an " opportunity for harmonious co - existence " between Wales and Scotland .
Nato has formally ended its 10-year mission in Afghanistan , bringing to an end the longest - running Nato mission in the country .
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of the last known sighting of her .
The number of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) characters on TV has reached a record high , according to a study .
A Met Office amber " be aware " warning for winds of up to 90 mph has been issued for parts of Scotland for Friday and Saturday .
Non - league Westfields have been drawn at home to League Two Curzon Ashton in the FA Cup first round .
Prince of Wales ' Duchy of Cornwall has said it is " deeply saddened " by the death of a bodyboarder at a beach where warnings were put up to warn of the dangers .
England suffered a crushing nine - wicket defeat by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 international at Old Trafford to lose the three - match series 2 - 1 .
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side 's focus is on winning the Manchester derby against Manchester City and not worrying about the Premier League title race .
An Indian rapper has led a protest in the southern state of Tamil Nadu against the appointment of a woman as chief minister .
The owner of a chain of high street coffee shops has announced plans to expand into the UK beer market .
Voters in 18 council areas are to be asked to show ID to cast their ballots under plans to tackle electoral fraud .
Three teenagers and a man have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed .
Sale Sharks have signed teenage twins Tom and Sam for next season .
Researchers at Paignton Zoo are trying to find out why a particular breed of honey bee is more resistant to a deadly disease than others .
A group of children have described how they were thrown from a tractor trailer during a school trip to a farm .
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in Germany have cancelled the event after a lightning strike left at least eight people injured .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has warned that the times when Europe could " completely depend " on US President Donald Trump and Britain 's Brexit are over .
A member of the Hatton Garden jewellery raid gang , accused of hiding £ 14 m of stolen goods in two wheelie bins and holdalls , led police to a buried treasure trove , a court heard .
Reading booked their place in the Championship play - off semi - finals with victory at Burton Albion , who missed out on automatic promotion .
The shape of glassware used in pubs and clubs does not appear to affect the amount of alcohol people drink , according to a study .
Sports Direct has warned that a sharp fall in the value of the pound against the dollar overnight will have a " negative impact " on its results .
Defending champion Gary Doherty will face Mark Evans in the first round of qualifying for the Women 's World Championship at the Crucible .
More than 100 people have been killed in Indonesia 's Aceh province , officials say , in one of the worst disasters in the country 's history .
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson will visit Moscow in the coming weeks , the Foreign Office has confirmed .
Lithium could be a " key piece of the ageing puzzle " , say researchers at University College London .
Mobile phone operator EE has launched two balloons that can be used to beam internet connectivity to rural areas .
Eight people have been injured in a fire at a flat in Glasgow .
Iraqi forces fighting so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in the city of Mosul have been hampered by bad weather , military officials say , as they push towards the centre of the city .
An app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire find help for mental health problems .
We 've asked BBC Sport readers to predict the top three before every race this season and , after the British Grand Prix , we got our calculators out to see how well they did .
Muslims in the US have offered to guard Jewish community centres and Jewish cemeteries in the wake of recent threats and vandalism .
A man accused of murdering his parents in the Republic of Ireland was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time , a court has heard .
Unilever , the world 's biggest household goods maker , has reported lower - than - expected sales for the first three months of 2015 .
" A " punt " - that 's what it sounded like .
European far - right politicians have called for a referendum on EU membership after the UK voted to leave .
Exeter recorded their first win of the season as they beat Cambridge at St James ' Park .
Tributes have been paid to songwriter Rod Temperton , who wrote Thriller for Michael Jackson , who has died .
The election of Donald Trump as US president has thrown the world of business into chaos .
The funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande who was killed in the Manchester attack has taken place .
The MTV European Music Awards are taking place in Glasgow on Sunday night .
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the European Rugby Concussion Management Review Group ( EPCR ) for allowing Conor Murray to play on after a tackle against Glasgow .
A lifeboat station has been temporarily closed while a dispute over the sacking of a volunteer coxswain is resolved .
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since giving birth to her son in October .
Australia beat India by seven wickets in the first Test in India to level the two - match series at 1 - 1 .
Plans for more than 1,000 new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been submitted to the council .
A plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs is to be challenged in court after a planning inspector said it was " unsound " .
Lee Shankland scored twice as Partick Thistle came from behind to beat Livingston .
Eugene , an artificially intelligent chatbot , has passed the " Turing Test " for the first time by convincing judges it was a human during a five - minute conversation .
Plans to build the Garden Bridge over the River Thames have been given the go - ahead after a deal was reached to cut London taxpayers ' contribution by two thirds .
Munster 's Ian Keatley missed a last - gasp drop - goal in overtime as they were held to a draw by Edinburgh at Murrayfield .
The chair of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales , the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse ( IICSA ) , has accepted the resignation of its former convener John McKelvie .
In the wake of India 's first medal at the London 2012 Paralympics , the world 's media has been congratulating the nation on the achievement of the country 's disabled athletes .
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic says he will not send striker Chris Martin back to Derby County , despite the striker stopping in training on Friday .
A piece of rocket wreckage found washed up on the Isles of Scilly last month was from a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket , the company has confirmed .
Pregnant women in the UK are being misled about the risks and benefits of a blood test used by some private clinics , a report says .
Judith Pomsel , a former Nazi propaganda minister 's secretary during World War Two , has died at the age of 106 .
A Pembrokeshire man has broken the world record for playing the bagpipes for the longest time .
Bydd Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Ynys Môn yn cael ei chynnal rhwng 5 - 12 o Awst yn ymwybodol y bydd yna effaith ar rai cartrefi a
A national park in the US state of Washington has suspended the search for a group of climbers who have gone missing on Mount Rainier .
Mae pêl - droed yn ysgoloriaeth wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn yng Nghymru , yn ôl ym M
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of running a massive credit card hacking and fraud scheme .
Thieves have made off with a " substantial " sum of money in a robbery at an Aberdeen cadet base .
A five - year - old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire .
One of the largest groups of land - based vertebrates - which includes crocodiles , turtles and birds - may have given birth to live babies , a study suggests .
A Kent council has been left with a £ 5.1 m insurance bill after failing to claim compensation for the deaths of dozens of sheep .
Maesteg Harlequins rugby player Ryan Watkins has become the second Welsh player to be banned by UK Anti - Doping ( UKAD ) for doping .
There should be no stigma attached to children having basic rights to food , Scotland 's children 's commissioner has said .
Pharmaceutical firm GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) is to stop seeking full patent protection for its drugs in the world 's poorest countries .
Singer Erykah Badu 's concert in Malaysia has been cancelled after a newspaper published a photo of her with tattoos of the word " Allah " written on her body .
Teachers at an academy in East Renfrewshire are staging a second strike in less than a month .
A new football pitch has been unveiled ahead of the Champions League final in Cardiff .
David is too scared to use his real name .
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium 's ban on the wearing of face veils in public is justifiable in principle .
Al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) is one of the most powerful Islamist militant groups in North Africa .
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max : Fury Road to the top of the North American box office chart , beating its predecessor by more than $ 50 m ( Â£40 m ) .
The Gambia has cut diplomatic ties with Cuba , hours before President Yahya Jammeh was due to meet Cuban President Raul Castro in Havana .
A draft of Labour 's general election manifesto has been leaked to the Sunday Times .
The daughter of a British couple who died in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her " everything " mother .
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his " moment " to prove his fitness after only playing one Premier League game this season .
This is the most retweeted tweet of all time .
A 20-year - old man has been jailed for five years for indecently assaulting a 14-year old girl in 2012 .
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in West Yorkshire .
So why is George Osborne sitting on a £ 23bn windfall ?
Skins , the Channel 4 teen drama , was one of the most popular shows of the 2000s .
More than 600 Kenyans who returned to the country from Somalia in the past two years have joined militant groups , according to a report by the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) .
Ukrposhta , the postal service in Ukraine , has been hit by a cyber - attack that brought its website offline .
The US has overtaken China as the world 's biggest investor in the clean energy sector , according to a new table .
Wales scrum - half Jamie Roberts will play for Cambridge against Oxford in the Varsity match at Twickenham on Saturday .
Rangers ' Josh Windass is targeting more goals this season after scoring his first since leaving Accrington Stanley .
Raith Rovers have signed midfielder Dom Thomas from Motherwell for an undisclosed fee .
There 's a shortage of local graduates who can speak languages in Northern Ireland , according to Ulster University .
Former world number one Jimmy Carter says he is " lucky to be alive " after losing to John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship because of abdominal pain .
Bristol City Council has been criticised for paying a private company up to £ 6 m to run a park - and - ride service for 14 years .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said it is " a matter of serious concern " that the chief of the defence staff has " intervened directly in issues of political dispute " .
Port Vale goalkeeper Joe Smith is attracting interest from Championship clubs , according to the club 's director of football Les Smurthwaite .
London Underground ( LU ) drivers are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over rosters for the Night Tube , the Aslef union has said .
China 's state - owned Baosteel , the world 's second - largest steelmaker , is to merge with a rival to create the country 's biggest steelmaker .
As the general election campaign enters its final days , BBC Wales political correspondent Laura McAllister looks at how the Conservatives in Wales will have to battle against Labour in the assembly election .
How many nurses do we have in England ?
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with an extremist far - right gunman , officials say .
The government has overspent on social security by £ 2.5bn since 2010 , according to a new report .
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial scientists in history .
A young boy has been taken out of the care of his great - great - uncle after a judge raised concerns about his safety .
Liverpool have completed the signing of Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for a fee of £ 37 m .
Comedian and TV presenter Charlotte Toksvig has said she is a " big fan " of more female hosts on quiz shows , despite the BBC banning all - male panels .
A former Miami Dolphins football player has been rescued after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida .
A 16-year - old girl with mental health issues who was held in police custody for more than 24 hours because of a lack of hospital beds has been moved to a care home .
More than 100 police forces in England and Wales are being investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) over their handling of child sexual abuse allegations .
Sean Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest twice came from behind to earn a point at Watford .
Five disabled people have lost a High Court challenge against the government 's plans to scrap the Independent Living Fund ( ILF ) .
A £ 10,000 reward has been offered for information about the murder of Caroline McKeich .
Ulster have appointed Jim Clarke as forwards coach until the end of the season .
South Africa is the largest country on the African continent and one of the most developed .
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships heading for the Mediterranean have entered the English Channel .
The reintroduction of sea otters to an estuary in southern California is helping to save one of the world 's most threatened grasslands , a study suggests .
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has been named best actor in a TV soap at the Tric Awards .
A third ferry has been brought in to replace the Condor Liberation , which crashed into a quayside last month .
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 26 - 24 in the Super Bowl to win the biggest game in American football history .
Easyjet is planning to use drones to inspect and repair its fleet of planes , as part of a range of new technologies being developed by the airline .
Iraqi forces fighting so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in Mosul need to do " absolutely everything they can " to ensure civilians survive the battle for the city 's western side , the UN says .
Formula 1 team Manor have gone into administration with the loss of more than 200 jobs , including more than 100 in Oxfordshire .
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al - Megrahi , the man convicted of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am flight 103 , has died in prison at the age of 69 .
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town 's England Under-19 international Josh Murphy on a season - long loan deal .
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack in the past year , according to a report .
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the county at the end of his contract by mutual consent .
Scotland 's political parties have been campaigning across the country as polling day approaches .
A " record - breaking " seal breeding season is on the cards at a Norfolk nature reserve , conservationists have said .
One of Australia 's most famous Star Wars fans is a police officer dressed as Darth Vader , a Stormtrooper and a bounty hunter - all in one house .
A Labour AM has been accused of " smears and personal attacks " after he called for a " forensic investigation " into the Welsh Government 's financial dealings .
The US has sent 275 military personnel to Iraq , the White House says , as fighting continues in the country .
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who died in a plane crash in France has heard the pilot may have mistakenly turned around after taking off .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been accused of being " ageist " by Neil Hamilton after he said it was " difficult to return to frontline politics " after a 20-year absence .
England fly - half Danny Cipriani has signed a new two - year contract with Wasps , keeping him at the Premiership club until the end of the 2017 - 18 season .
Fabio Aru won stage two of the Vuelta a Espana as Vincenzo Nibali was disqualified from the race after being involved in a crash .
Hairdresser Herbert Howe , who has died at the age of 73 , was known as " Liverpool 's Father Christmas " .
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was " proud " of his side after they came from 2 - 0 down to beat Newcastle and keep their Championship survival hopes alive .
US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama have attended a private party in New York , the White House says .
The oceans are on the brink of a mass extinction event and governments are failing to recognise the severity of the problem , a report says .
Two dogs left homeless after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash in Snowdonia have found new owners .
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the London Marathon has taken place .
It is that time of year again , when the new season gets under way and new players make their debuts .
England and Fiji are through to the quarter - finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series after finishing top of their respective groups at Twickenham .
Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe claims of bullying at British Cycling .
An actress from Nigeria 's Hausa film industry has been banned from the industry after she was seen holding hands with a pop star .
Dozens of bottles of the detergent Vanish have washed up on beaches in Cornwall .
Families in England with two or more children will be able to claim up to 85 % of their childcare costs under a new government scheme , ministers say .
UKIP 's only MP has said the party 's national executive has the authority to decide whether Nigel Farage should step down as leader .
Author Anil Ghosh has been giving Twitter users a tour of the official residence of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee .
Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial in South Africa that there was " nothing they could do " for his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she was shot .
Ghana 's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over government property within three months of the next election .
Swansea City midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson believes they are " seeing the old Swansea again " after a run of poor results .
Plans to ban the use of wild animals in circuses in Scotland could have a " massive " impact on animal displays in shopping centres and zoos , MSPs have heard .
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world , according to a United Nations study .
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager who was stabbed to death has gone on the run .
The five men accused of being involved in the 9/11 attacks have appeared before a US military court for the first time since a previous hearing in May.
Police investigating the death of a woman whose body was found in the grounds of an Edinburgh golf club have appealed for information about her last known movements .
Former Wales flanker Gareth Phillips says he is " massively surprised " by reports that Racing 92 and Stade Francais are to merge .
Northern Ireland 's performance in the 1 - 0 defeat by Poland in Nice was not good enough .
Olympic silver medallist David Pollock has finished in the top 10 at the Cardiff Half Marathon .
The latest inmate to die at Elmley Prison in Kent has been found dead in his cell , the Prison Association has said .
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has lost a legal challenge against the Department of Health .
Sweden 's Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together for the first time in the Ryder Cup fourballs on Saturday , while Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters will again play together .
Dozens of plastic bags have been dumped on the seafront in Brighton in a protest against the migrant boat crisis .
A former High Court judge has been asked to carry out an independent review of hate crime laws in Scotland , amid a row over the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act .
The Conservative Party has said it is " absolutely determined " to establish the truth of the events surrounding the death of a man who was allegedly bullied by a party activist .
There are many ways to measure the Obama presidency .
Two sheep have been reunited with their owner after getting loose in a garden in west Belfast .
Taxi - hailing service Uber has said it is " disappointed " by plans to introduce a five - minute wait for customers to confirm trips in London .
Snap , the parent company of messaging app Snapchat , has announced plans to sell sunglasses that can record video .
The prime minister has accused Labour of " scaremongering " over the future of a hospital in a Northamptonshire by - election campaign .
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel 's office and the chancellery are among the buildings targeted in the Brussels attacks , Belgian media say .
The boss of PSA Group , the owner of the Peugeot and Citroen car brands , is to meet Prime Minister Theresa May to discuss Vauxhall .
The widow of a man who was shot dead by police after he killed himself following the end of his marriage has told an inquest he tied up his children and threatened to kill himself .
Gardaí ( Irish police ) investigating the disappearance of a man in Dublin 17 years ago have begun a search of woodland in a bid to find his remains .
The cost of a new footbridge in West Sussex has been reduced by £ 1.8 m after a review of the project by Chancellor George Osborne .
A teenager who was caught with a knife and hammer after telling his ex - girlfriend he wanted to kill soldiers has been jailed for life .
The South African government has granted Zimbabwe 's First Lady Grace Mugabe immunity from prosecution over an alleged assault on a model .
Scottish boxer Liam Taylor says he would win a world title fight if he fought Ricky Burns next week but wants to wait until he has more experience before doing so .
Thousands of people gather in Edinburgh , in Scotland , every year to celebrate Hogmanay .
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy capsized off the west coast of Scotland .
Three gold objects worth more than £ 1,000 have been found during a treasure hunt in North Yorkshire .
The Serpentine Gallery in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time in 10 years , with Marina Abramovic urging visitors to " take in the silence " .
A school has suspended two staff members over allegations of historical sexual abuse .
Two new species of magnolias have been discovered in Mexico after being discovered on a nature photography website .
Bradford has been crowned the Curry Capital of Britain for the third time in four years , winning the competition for the fourth time .
More than 1,000 EU citizens have been wrongly sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum , the Electoral Commission has confirmed .
A prison has been placed in special measures after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner , a union has said .
Garry Thompson scored a late winner as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham at the Globe Arena .
US President Barack Obama has marked the first day of the implementation of his signature healthcare law , known as Obamacare .
Leinster have re - signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two - year deal .
Scottish clubs should not travel to the United States to play matches , according to Kris Boyd .
A railway carriage that carried Winston Churchill 's coffin has been restored after it was damaged in a fire .
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season after six years in charge .
The world 's leading drug company , AstraZeneca ( AZ ) , has announced a $ 1bn ( £ 800 m ) programme to develop new ways to develop medicines .
Jess Glynne and her fiance say they will not get married until same - sex marriage is legal in Australia .
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until he wins a trophy and will not do so until he does .
A dog has been stolen from a pet shop in Dumfries and Galloway .
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion is a French overseas department in the western Indian Ocean .
A man who raped a 15-year - old girl in 2002 has been jailed for 12 years .
A 23-year - old man has died after a forklift truck he was driving crashed and overturned in East Kilbride .
The parents of a three - year - old girl found dead on a bus have denied murdering her .
A 20-year - old woman has been raped in the Meadows in Edinburgh .
A man who sent a hoax bomb threat to Bristol Airport , which led to the evacuation of the airport , has been jailed for six months .
Virat Kohli 's India will take on Pakistan in Sunday 's Champions Trophy final at the Edgbaston cricket ground in Birmingham , and it will be a match that will define his career .
The solar - powered aeroplane Solar Impulse has left China for Hawaii , the next leg of its attempt to circumnavigate the globe .
A year after plans for a devolution deal between Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire were submitted to the government , the aim is to get powers and money shifted to the East Midlands .
A rapist who raped two women while on extended probation has been jailed for life .
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a market in Norfolk .
Andy Murray says he is ready for his first - round match at Wimbledon - and he 's expecting a good performance from British number two Liam Broady .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a street in Belfast .
Arsenal 's performance in the FA Cup final at Wembley was one of the best I have seen from Arsene Wenger 's side in a long time .
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to replace the Defender with a new vehicle that it says will be " relevant for the 21st century " .
A Pembrokeshire bus and coach company has gone into administration .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer in a " horrendous " attack .
Yemen 's national airline , Yemenia , has been charged over the crash of a plane in the Indian Ocean last month that killed most of its passengers .
Wales ' transport minister has dismissed claims of a " conspiracy theory " over the future of cross - border rail services as " not true " .
A chocolate artist has recreated the ships of the 18th Century at Trafalgar Square in Portsmouth to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of the Nile .
One of Osama Bin Laden 's former bodyguards , Ahmed al - Bahri , has died in hospital in Yemen , officials say .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is " not going to quit " the race , despite growing pressure over his remarks about women .
Scientists have measured for the first time the effect of tides on the surface of Loch Ness .
If you 're planning to drink at this year 's Glastonbury Festival , will you have to pay £ 5 for a beaker of water , or will you just throw it away ?
A man who admitted causing the death of a woman in a head - on crash in County Tyrone has been jailed for four years .
Growth in global energy consumption slowed sharply in 2014 , according to a new report from BP .
Lee Novak scored a late equaliser as Charlton came from behind to earn a draw at Fleetwood .
The head of Jamaica 's anti - doping agency has warned the country 's athletes could be at the " tip of the iceberg " after a series of positive drugs tests .
Shinty Premiership leaders Skye were denied a first win of the season as they were held to a 1 - 1 draw at home to Murchison .
Bristol have re - signed Leinster scrum - half Tom Harris - Wright on a two - year deal .
A " clever and calculating " paedophile who bribed his victims with " fifa game currency " has been jailed for 12 years .
Formula 1 teams have unveiled their new cars ahead of the first pre - season test in Spain .
The gross domestic product ( GDP ) is a measure of the size of the economy and is one of the key indicators used by the Bank of England in setting interest rates .
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public , with Madness singer Graham McPherson saying it was a " privilege " to be involved in its restoration .
Nico Rosberg says Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton has momentum on his side as they prepare for the Spanish Grand Prix .
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury , according to director of rugby Richard Cockerill .
Botswana 's president has ordered the arrest of US pastor Franklin " Frank " Anderson , who has been accused of making homophobic remarks on a radio show .
The Duke of Cambridge has said he is " so glad to have lived on Anglesey " and will " miss it terribly " when he leaves the island .
An all - white humpback whale known as Migaloo has been sighted off the coast of Australia for the first time .
A man has admitted killing a man with a single punch after a brawl in Edinburgh city centre .
South Korea 's Kim In - kyung birdied the first play - off hole to beat Spain 's Angelique Ciganda by one shot and win the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in Texas .
Arctic sea ice is melting at a rate not seen in at least 1,500 years , scientists have warned , in what could be an unprecedented decline .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called on the UK government to take urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK .
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy an eczema cream maker for $ 2.4bn ( £ 1.8bn ) in a deal that would create the world 's largest maker of the treatment .
The UN 's special envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile ceasefire in the country could collapse " any time " .
The Supreme Court has ruled that the assembly has the power to set minimum wages for agricultural workers .
Portland Timbers won the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history as they beat Columbus Crew 2 - 1 to lift the trophy .
Barnsley moved into the League One play - off places with victory over Coventry City thanks to goals from Josh Roberts and Steven Fletcher .
Middlesex batsman Sam Robson hit his highest first - class score of the season as his side dominated day one against Warwickshire at Lord 's .
Scottish judo star Stephanie Doherty has opened her eyes for the first time in more than a week and said " Hi " to her family .
Thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in Sutherland .
A woman has captured a time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scrabster Harbour in the Highlands .
The owners of Manston Airport in Kent are to make a formal complaint to the Electoral Commission after the government announced plans to buy the site .
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a man in a gangland turf war .
The Burmese government has set up a commission to investigate the violence that erupted in the western state of Rakhine in June , killing more than 100 people .
Conor McGregor is set to use 8 oz gloves in his boxing debut against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August .
Plans to turn part of a " devil 's highway " into a dual carriageway near Stonehenge are " not worth fighting for " , an MP has said .
Military service in the last 50 years does not increase the risk of suicide among veterans , according to a new study .
Bristol 's Andrew Selby will make the first defence of his IBF super - featherweight title against England 's Liam Norman in Cardiff on Saturday .
" There is no such thing as a good data set , only a bad one . "
Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly have voted to leave the European Union .
A new code of practice for police officers carrying out stop - and - searches in Scotland has been published .
Protests have been held in Cairo and Alexandria in Egypt over the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia .
The public inquiry into historical child sex abuse in Westminster should be scrapped because of ongoing police investigations , an MP has said .
A man has been found guilty of murdering his mother 's partner in a fight at a holiday park .
Radhika Menon , the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy , has won an international award for her role in the rescue of a group of fishermen from a sinking boat .
Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani scored twice as Leicester City beat Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup third round .
League Two side Grimsby Town have signed midfielder Bobson on a two - year deal after he was released by Crawley Town .
A five - year - old boy has been reunited with his favourite toy lion after it went missing from a stately home .
A 12-year - old Canadian boy who left a note in the pages of a comic book saying he was sorry he had damaged it has become an internet sensation .
A woman has died in police custody in Lancashire .
Dogs , cats and cats have been taking to the streets of the UK to cast their votes in the general election .
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read is confident his side can win the One - Day Cup for the first time since 2006 after reaching Finals Day .
A man who was arrested after spending the night on the roof of a church has been fined for his " stupid " act .
Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda to keep alive their hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter - finals .
Theresa May says she expects " very frank " talks with Donald Trump when she meets the US president - elect in Washington next week .
A replica of one of the oldest cave drawings in the world has been created at a Unesco World Heritage site in France .
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi survivors of the Islamic State ( IS ) group who were held captive by the group in Iraq and Syria .
Armed police will patrol the streets of London and the rest of England and Wales around the clock , the Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan - Howe has said .
One of Wales ' leading science and technology centres has been given a reprieve from losing its core Welsh Government grant .
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right - back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for £ 50 m .
People in Wrexham are being asked to come up with names for a new prison which will be built in the town .
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by Dunkin ' Brands owner Nigel Travis .
A collection of rare pages from the Koran which date back to the 12th Century has gone on display at Leeds City Museum .
Millwall will face Barnsley in the League One play - off final at Wembley after a draw with Bradford City at The Den .
An Australian judge has rejected an appeal by anti - abortion campaigner Troy Newman against a decision to cancel his visa .
The number of GCSE entries for this year 's exams in England , Wales and Northern Ireland has fallen for the second year running .
Jockey William Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall .
Manchester City 's Yaya Toure says he would have " dived " if he had been involved in the incident that led to Raheem Sterling 's late equaliser against Tottenham .
Scotland 's political parties have called for " cast iron assurances " from the UK government over the future of shipyard jobs on the Clyde .
The leader of the Lebanese Shia movement Hezbollah has said it is " normal " for its fighters to help the Syrian army in fighting rebels .
A woman who was denied a life - extending breast cancer drug because of its high cost has said it was " barbaric " to be denied it .
Swansea City midfielder Jack Grimes has signed a new two - year contract with the Premier League club .
An American Airlines plane has been forced to abort take - off at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport after an engine failure .
China 's Ding Junhui fought back from 5 - 4 down to beat Portugal 's Joao Figueiredo 6 - 5 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield .
Nasa 's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 exoplanets , or planets outside our solar system .
Footage has been released of a turtle being filmed on the Great Barrier Reef in Australia .
David Cameron is right to say there is a limit to the amount of time a prime minister should serve before they " get stale " , former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said .
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors .
The Royal Navy 's new aircraft carriers will be based in Portsmouth , the defence secretary has said .
A couple who fell in love while re - enacting Robin Hood in Nottingham are getting married .
Plans to close one of Shropshire 's A&E departments and move it to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital have been revealed .
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says it has been " very difficult " to sign the players he has been chasing this summer .
The government is to cut the amount of child benefit paid to high - earning families in England and Wales .
A Monet painting of a lily pond , known as the Nympheas , has sold at auction for £ 31.7 m .
Further cuts to police funding are " inevitable and will put greater pressure on staff and resources " , a senior officer has warned .
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire more than 70 years ago have been unearthed .
Wigan Warriors thrashed Salford Red Devils to boost their hopes of a place in the Super League play - offs and boost their own hopes of reaching Wembley .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Wycombe goalkeeper Jamal Blackman produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a goalless draw at Blackpool .
The use of force at a high - security prison may have been excessive , a report has found .
Marianne Vos of the Netherlands won the second stage of the Tour of Britain as she held off the challenge of Dutch rival Amy Pieters .
There 's no doubt that losing in politics is hard .
Police have launched an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation at the children 's charity Kids Company .
A lorry driver has died in a crash on the M42 in West Midlands which closed the motorway for more than 24 hours .
A " jealous " ex - boyfriend ordered his girlfriend to be doused in acid in a revenge porn revenge attack , a court has heard .
France has called on the Syrian government and its allies to stop air strikes on Kurdish fighters in northern Syria , after Turkey launched an offensive against them .
An appeals court in China has reduced the jail sentence of a veteran journalist who was convicted of leaking state secrets to a US - based news website .
George Ford is set to replace Owen Farrell as England 's fly - half for the first Test against Australia in Sydney on Saturday .
Delta Air Lines and United Airlines have become the latest airlines to ban the shipment of trophy - hunting trophies after the killing of a lion in Zimbabwe .
England coach Steve McNamara says he is in " no rush " to decide whether he will remain in charge of the national team after his side 's series win over New Zealand .
A body has been found by police searching for a missing Denbighshire man .
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to the season as they prepare to face Hibernian .
A judge in Brazil has charged the former campaign manager of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption .
The UK and France are holding talks in Calais to try to reach an agreement on how to deal with the migrant crisis .
A new police and crime authority in Cambridgeshire has been told to reconsider its budget after councillors voted against plans to hire 15 new staff .
Officials at Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming say a bison calf has been killed by a group of tourists who tried to rescue it .
Five people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the Malian capital , Bamako , officials say .
Daniel O'Shaughnessy 's late equaliser earned Cheltenham a draw at Mansfield in League Two .
Bradley Wiggins became the first British rider to win a world time trial gold medal since 1994 with victory at the Road World Championships .
It 's not every day that you get a decision that you know you 're going to be prepared for .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is " surprised " she has not been formally asked to become UKIP Wales MEP .
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill is confident Manu Tuilagi will sign a new contract with the Premiership club .
One of the UK 's longest married couples have just celebrated their 86th anniversary .
A cold snap has hit southern Italy , bringing snow and freezing temperatures to towns and cities hit by recent earthquakes .
A new search is being carried out in a park where three human feet have been found in recent months .
Australia says it has sent 46 Vietnamese refugees back to Vietnam after a boat carrying them was scuttled off its coast .
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw and axe attack at a shopping centre in Belarus .
It 's been an extraordinary 24 hours for Britain .
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod yn rhaid i awdurdodau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gwe
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two - year contract with the Elite League champions .
Alphabet , the parent company of Google , has reported better - than - expected profits and revenue for the first three months of the year , helped by strong advertising sales .
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven Muslim - majority countries from entering the United States .
A disabled man was left with a broken leg after his crutch became stuck in a train door at Bodmin Parkway station .
French Impressionist painter Claude Monet was opposed by farmers who feared his water lilies would poison their cattle , newly - discovered documents have revealed .
A Scottish Red Cross worker who was killed in Pakistan was unlawfully killed , an inquest has concluded .
Wales ' hopes of reaching the Euro 2016 quarter - finals ended with a 2 - 0 defeat by Portugal in Cardiff .
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that business leaders in Northern Ireland are more Eurosceptic than those in the rest of the UK , according to a survey by the organisation .
A young Ukrainian woman has become the latest in a long line of young women to find herself in the spotlight .
An exhibition of paintings and drawings by a World War One veteran has opened in his hometown .
Hundreds of Palestinians have clashed with Israeli troops in East Jerusalem and the West Bank , hours after restrictions were lifted at a holy site in Jerusalem .
The billionaire owner of Topshop and BHS , Sir Philip Green , has been appointed by the government to carry out a review of public spending .
One of Britain 's most famous locomotives , the Flying Scotsman , is set to return to the rails .
Republican presidential hopefuls have been reacting to the deadly shootings in San Bernardino , California , which some have linked to " radical Islamic terrorism " .
The mother of a schoolgirl who ran away from her teacher and travelled to France to have sex with him has spoken for the first time .
As the general election campaign gets under way , BBC Wales looks at some of the key battlegrounds in Wales .
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to say her party will stand in next year 's Holyrood elections with a promise to restore tax credits lost to the Tories .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half - centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the second one - day international to level the series .
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire .
A £ 1 m investment offered to the founders of a lost luggage tracker on BBC Scotland 's My Lupo programme has fallen through .
Colombia 's government and the Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks , after the kidnap of a senior general by the rebel group ended a week - long pause .
Labour 's ruling National Executive Committee ( NEC ) has failed to agree on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn to choose his own shadow cabinet .
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side 's 2 - 0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine was a " very special moment " for the team after being written off by many pundits .
A UK - funded development agency has been criticised by the National Audit Office ( NAO ) for booking 15 flights costing more than £ 5,000 each for its board members to travel to Africa .
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the assembly election .
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terror charges , his lawyer has said .
South African prosecutors have begun an appeal against the acquittal of athlete Oscar Pistorius of murder .
The winner of a competition to find the UK 's heaviest tomato will be crowned at a North Yorkshire flower show later .
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour and his bodyguards have been killed in a gunfight in the Pakistani city of Quetta , according to reports .
Gunmen have ambushed a Saudi prince 's motorcade in Paris , stealing 250,000 euros ( $ 300,000 ; Â£200,000 ) in cash and documents , French police say .
Hampshire all - rounder Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten 109 as Somerset struggled on day one at Taunton .
EU funding has not had an impact on the Welsh economy despite the vote to leave the EU , the Welsh Secretary has said .
Troops in the Philippines say they are in " complete control " of the city of Marawi after a week of clashes with Islamist militants .
The mother of Madeleine McCann , who went missing in Portugal 10 years ago , has begun a cycling challenge across the UK .
Newcastle United defender Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse could face bans for spitting at each other .
A group of 16 to 17-year - olds who voted in the Scottish referendum have told Newsbeat they want the UK voting age lowered .
A Palestinian woman whose husband and son were killed in a firebombing in the West Bank has died in hospital , her family says .
The European Space Agency 's Rosetta mission to comet 67P / Churyumov - Gerasimenko has picked up new clues about the comet 's early history .
Guernsey have been drawn to play in the FA Cup second qualifying round at home for the first time since 2013 .
Paris St - Germain 's £ 198 m deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona for a world record fee of £ 200 m has been widely criticised .
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris in his home town of Blackpool .
Paul Brian Murray was a 12-year - old boy from Stoke - on - Trent who travelled to the match with his dad , Tony , who was also a Liverpool fan .
The entries for Friday 's Grand National have been announced , with favourite Many Clouds the only horse to miss out .
A six - year - old girl with a rare form of leukaemia is to have a bone marrow transplant after being treated in the US .
Ray Moore , the chief executive of the Indian Wells Masters , has stepped down from his role after making controversial comments about women 's tennis .
A march by a group of ex - soldiers calling for an independent inquiry into alleged miscarriages of justice in Northern Ireland has been postponed .
A butcher in Aberdeenshire has come up with an unusual way to celebrate Easter .
Welsh Labour must " stand up for Wales " and back Jeremy Corbyn in the general election , a senior minister has said .
" I do n't think there 's anything wrong with Tor , " says John Dingledine .
Southern rail has withdrawn its offer to the RMT union to end a long - running dispute over driver - only trains .
The number of cases of measles in south west Wales is at its highest level since 2010 , Public Health Wales has said .
Harlequins have signed scrum - half Scott Jackson from Wasps .
US President Donald Trump is set to announce his decision on the future of the war in Afghanistan in a major national security address on Tuesday .
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack , there has been a lot of discussion about the role of the media in the response to the attack .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will leave Paris St - Germain at the end of the season but says he will return to the club " like a legend " .
With thousands of migrants trying to get to the UK after crossing from North Africa and travelling through Europe , the deputy mayor of Calais has said the UK should introduce ID cards .
The so - called Living and Dying Well ( LCP ) end - of - life care pathway in England is likely to be replaced by a new system , the BBC understands .
Sri Lankan human rights activists have released two new photographs of a five - year - old Tamil Tiger rebel who was shot dead in 2009 .
Archaeologists say they have pieced together fragments of ancient stone flooring from the ruins of a former Jewish temple site in Jerusalem .
Crotone avoided relegation from Serie A for the first time in their history as they beat 10-man Lazio 3 - 1 , despite having Bastos sent off .
A driver was stopped by police while trying to listen to a Sam Smith song on his mobile phone while driving in Dorset .
Soul singer Ray BLK has topped BBC Radio 1 's Sound of 2017 list , which showcases the best new acts for 2017 .
Pupils at a school where a teenager was killed by a train have been given advice on dealing with bullying by his mother .
Ireland lost to Afghanistan by eight wickets in the first of their two - match Twenty20 international series in India on Wednesday .
Two migrant boats have capsized in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya , killing more than 200 people , officials say .
A lorry has overturned on the M1 in Northamptonshire .
China 's exports jumped more than expected in February , suggesting that the world 's second largest economy is showing signs of recovery .
A Celtic music festival is under way in the Western Isles .
( Close ) : Shares in Hewlett - Packard fell after it reported weaker - than - expected quarterly earnings and said it would cut costs by $ 1.5bn ( £ 1bn ) .
What is King Arthur , and who is he ?
People from outside the UK could be charged for using the NHS in Wales , the health secretary has said .
The DIY SOS team has been targeted in a series of break - ins at the Birmingham DIY Show .
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands .
Middlesbrough midfielder Adama Carayol says he is looking forward to playing for the Gambia for the first time .
An appeal to raise money for the family of a six - year - old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift at a Dorset home has raised more than £ 10,000 in 24 hours .
UKIP has denied a claim by one of its biggest donors that it has suspended his membership .
Dame Judi Dench , best known for playing James Bond 's M in Skyfall and Mrs Brown , says she is struggling to cope with the loss of her eyesight .
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first person to paddle a paddle board along the length of the longest river in the world .
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered by Islamic State militants in Syria has called on the UK to help those affected by extremism .
American teenager Christian Pulisic scored a late equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from two goals down to draw 3 - 3 with Ingolstadt in the Bundesliga .
A gunman has opened fire outside a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv , wounding eight people , three of them seriously , police say .
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City moved out of the relegation zone with victory over Aston Villa .
The childhood home of John Lennon has been sold for £ 250,000 at auction in Liverpool .
Charlie Brown , Snoopy , Woodstock and Lucy .
A New Zealand - based company has successfully launched a tiny rocket for the first time .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola 's first match in charge of Manchester United will be against Leicester City in China .
Unite and the Communication Workers Union ( CWU ) have said they will begin talks with Royal Mail over its proposed changes to its pension scheme .
Theresa May 's prime minister 's speech to the Conservative Party conference on Thursday night was as predictable as it could have been .
The line - up for this year 's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced - and it 's all female .
MPs have been heckled as they debated the plight of so - called Waspi women - or Women Against State Pension Inequality .
Somerset held their nerve to beat Gloucestershire by three wickets in the One - Day Cup at Taunton .
The United Nations has welcomed the ratification of the global treaty on arms trade , which aims to regulate the global arms trade .
A meat supplier has been fined £ 15,000 after a retrial for selling frozen meat which was several years old .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle began their Scottish League Two campaign with a 1 - 0 win at home to East Fife , while Annan Athletic beat Montrose 3 - 1 .
Asian shares have fallen sharply after the European Central Bank ( ECB ) cut interest rates for the second time this year but did not increase its stimulus programme .
Restrictions on the number of fast food restaurants near schools in a bid to tackle obesity in Kent have been announced .
( Close ) : London 's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday , following a strong lead from other European markets , as hopes grew for a Greek debt deal .
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
A group of Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scheme recipients is to meet with First Minister Arlene Foster to discuss the future of the scheme .
Manchester United produced a stunning display to thrash 10-man Arsenal and heap further misery on manager Arsene Wenger .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat - trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona .
Clyde manager David Ferguson says his side must beat Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of making the Scottish League Two play - offs .
South African police have replaced the detective at the centre of the Oscar Pistorius murder case after it emerged he was facing charges of attempted murder .
Morocco 's Football Association ( FMRFF ) has banned Raja Casablanca fans from attending matches after they clashed with security forces during a match on Sunday .
The government has " swallowed a line " in its response to concerns about business rates changes , an MP has said .
Plans to reduce the risk of flooding by re - wilding rivers should be rolled out across the UK , experts say .
The average debt owed by Welsh students studying in higher education has risen to £ 19,280 .
In the mountains of south - eastern France , there are two hundred wolves .
In the early hours of New Year 's Day last year , a man was shot dead in a Londonderry hotel .
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad defender Jordi Etxabeguren .
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he does not know whether John Terry will continue to play for the club .
A bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers , a senior police officer has said .
Algeria international defender Abdelhamid Mbolhi has joined Turkish side Galatasaray for an undisclosed fee .
Wakefield remain on course for a second Challenge Cup final in three years after beating Huddersfield Giants to reach the quarter - finals .
Thousands of homes and businesses in Leeds have been left without water for several hours after a water main burst .
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up a new gay marriage case for the first time .
Before Saturday 's fight between Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko , find out which boxing great you are .
The parent company of Clydesdale Bank has set aside an extra £ 500 m to compensate customers who were mis - sold insurance and interest rate hedging products .
Andy Murray won his first match since giving birth to daughter Sophia to give Great Britain a 1 - 0 lead over Japan in their Davis Cup semi - final .
A former member of a panel set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has criticised the " Fresh Start " deal on the past .
The pastor of a school in the north - eastern Nigerian town of Chibok , Rev Mark Adebayo , whose two daughters were among more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram militants in April 2014 , has told the BBC how he and his family have been struggling to cope since
The number of flights in and out of the UK is set to hit record levels this summer , but the ability of air traffic controllers to cope is being stretched to the limit , it is claimed .
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said he wants an independent inquiry into the NHS in Wales , if the party wins power .
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi - finals .
BP has announced plans to cut 600 North Sea jobs as part of a restructuring plan .
A growing number of people in the UK and around the world are coming out as transgender or gender - fluid .
Friends star Matthew Perry is unlikely to appear in a reunion special of the hit US sitcom .
A man has died and two girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Gwynedd .
The firm behind the collapsed Pembrokeshire - based Zano electric skateboard project has updated backers on how its funding was distributed .
Rail passengers faced major disruption on the Borders to Edinburgh line on Friday morning after a number of trains were cancelled .
The nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan was a " manmade disaster " caused by " wilful negligence " and collusion between the government , regulators and the plant operator , an independent panel has concluded .
British fugitives on the run from justice in Spain are being hunted by police as part of an international appeal .
A Japanese boy who went missing for six days after his parents left him alone on a mountain road as a punishment has been found alive in a military base .
Californians cut their water use by a record 31.3 % in July , despite the worst drought in the state 's history .
Some councils in Wales do not routinely scan animals found on the roads for microchipping despite calls to do so .
England captain Joe Root says Saturday 's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka is a " must - win game " for his side , who are aiming to qualify for the semi - finals for the first time .
Prisoners with mental health problems in Lancashire are being put on a waiting list for treatment because there is no service to meet their needs , a former mental health nurse has claimed .
Scottish League Two promotion hopefuls East Stirlingshire eased to a comfortable win over Queen of the South .
A woman in her 20s is in a critical condition in hospital following a crash in Londonderry .
It 's no secret that Shakespeare is one of the most famous writers of all time .
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non - reserved customers at its Channel Tunnel terminals in Folkestone and Calais because of increased security .
A jewellery shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged after a car was stolen in a burglary .
Rio Tinto has raised its takeover offer for Australian steelmaker Riversdale to more than A$ 3.9bn ( Â£2.2bn ; Â£1.8bn ) in a bid to win over shareholders .
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to five points with a 2 - 0 win over Berwick Rangers .
ITV has signed a new three - year deal with Simon Cowell to keep The X Factor and Britain 's Got Talent on the broadcaster .
Northern Ireland 's political deadlock and the prospect of an early assembly election dominate the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter .
A film about the unlikely friendship between gay and lesbian miners in Neath Port Talbot during the 1984 miners ' strike has opened in London 's West End .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor .
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two - year deals .
A memorial to one of Scotland 's best - known detectives has been unveiled at Thurso Police Station .
A buzzard has been rescued after becoming stuck in a fence in North Yorkshire .
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of making Scottish MPs " second - class citizens " in the House of Commons after a vote on fox - hunting was postponed .
US President Barack Obama has said he told Donald Trump it was " really important " to send " signals of unity " to minority groups after his election victory .
More than 10 % of lorry and van drivers in a major haulage company tested positive for illegal drugs , the BBC has learned .
A dispute has broken out over whether a new technique for using light waves to send data across a lagoon can work .
A 45-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the Yewtree investigation , the Metropolitan Police has said .
A man once dubbed the world 's fattest has been granted a visa to return to the US for free weight - loss surgery .
The proportion of pupils going on to a " positive destination " after leaving school has reached its highest ever level , according to new figures .
Two MPs have been awarded more than £ 100,000 in libel damages after a UKIP group leader accused them of knowing about child sex abuse in Rotherham .
Plans to create a new police and crime authority in the Cotswolds could " signal the end of Gloucestershire Police as we know it " , a senior officer has warned .
Ben Davies scored the only goal of the game as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round .
When Tony Blair announced his counter - terrorism policies in the wake of the 9/11 attacks in the summer of 2001 , it was a watershed moment for Britain .
The Scottish government has ordered a strategic review of undercover policing in Scotland after the UK government refused to extend an inquiry into allegations of misconduct by police officers .
Barra Airport in the Western Isles is celebrating its 80th anniversary .
Drivers are being urged to take care on Scotland 's roads as icy conditions continue to cause disruption .
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats in London , where Labour is hoping to make gains in the general election .
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a street brawl .
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of south and mid Wales .
One of Nigeria 's most notorious kidnappers , who was arrested in Lagos last month , is suing the police for damages .
The first Caledonian MacBrayne - built ferry to be built at Ferguson Marine 's Clyde shipyard has been launched .
Kieran Lee 's late equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday a point against Burnley at Hillsborough .
There has been a sharp increase in the amount of money spent on overtime payments to consultants in NHS Scotland , the BBC has learned .
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Rhys Cudd has signed a new two - year contract with the Pro12 side .
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised $ 1.3 m ( Â£1.1 m ) for charity , according to CharityBuzz .
Police in Australia are investigating the case of an Indonesian woman who died after drinking coffee laced with cyanide .
An RAF jet used in the Gulf War is being sold by a couple who have spent more than 20 years restoring it .
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency in parts of the state after blue - green algae bloomed in a river .
The African Union ( AU ) has voted in favour of scrapping its membership of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
US journalist Gwen Ifill , who moderated two vice - presidential debates , has died at the age of 65 .
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side need to " get the winning feeling back " if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League .
One of New Zealand 's most famous birds of prey , Lanky , has been put down after 40 years in captivity .
Oldham in Greater Manchester is the most deprived town and city in England , according to official figures .
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre - tax profit of £ 37 m for the six months to the end of March , up from £ 24 m a year earlier .
There is " no need for a one - size - fits - all approach to dieting " , a study of more than 7,000 overweight people suggests .
The number of infants who died at mother - and - baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965 has been revealed as 474 .
Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Football Cup for the first time .
Thailand has been downgraded to " Category 2 " by the International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ) for failing to address safety concerns .
A speaker with a " speaker box " containing heroin with a street value of more than £ 5 m was found in a car being followed by police , a court has heard .
A cat called Pietro has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the earthquake - hit Italian city of Bologna .
Voters are going to the polls in one of the most tightly contested council elections in England .
Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has said the nuclear deal with the US will not change his country 's policy towards the US .
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algeria 's Bejaia of Algeria 3 - 1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday to win the African Confederation Cup .
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been refused by Natural Resources Wales .
The family of former footballer Jeff Astle are to meet the Football Association 's chief executive to discuss the dangers of head injuries .
The head of the US delegation at the UN climate talks in Morocco , John Pershing , has said he is confident that the Paris climate agreement can be sustained .
National League side Torquay United have been sold to a group of investors from Hong Kong , China and the United States .
More than 27,000 independent school students in England were awarded extra time to complete GCSE and A - level exams last year because of special needs , figures show .
The European Commission has said it will not reopen trade talks with Canada over the controversial CETA free trade deal , despite protests against it .
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with the club about a new deal , but has refused to reveal how much he is being offered .
Crusaders manager Stephen Mulgrew says Ards will be looking to avenge last season 's Ulster Cup final defeat when the two sides meet on Tuesday night .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has said it is " too late " for broadcasters to " put the genie back in the bottle " over the planned TV election debates .
Belgium 's king has been accused of being a " royal of division " after he compared the country 's political crisis with that of the 1930s in a Christmas broadcast .
William Grigg scored his first goal of the season as Wigan Athletic thrashed struggling Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium .
Images courtesy of AFP , AP , EPA and Reuters .
In a laboratory in the heart of the Thai capital , Bangkok , a machine is trying to judge the best versions of classic Thai food .
An 18-year - old man has been charged in connection with a fraud at the T in the Park music festival .
The new owners of a Dumfries engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they are on track to double the number of staff they employ .
Hospitals in Cumbria have confirmed they have been infected with a form of malware .
Edinburgh 's Hogmanay celebrations have ended with one of the UK 's largest street parties .
Leeds Rhinos maintained their winning start to the Super League season with a hard - fought victory over Salford Red Devils .
UK house prices have risen faster in England than in Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland , official figures show .
A plan to reorganise the NHS in Merseyside and Cheshire has been described as " unacceptable " by a council leader .
Manchester City Council bosses are to get a pay rise of up to 20 % as part of a pay review .
A drug used to control leukaemia can be stopped completely after a year to prevent the disease relapsing , say researchers .
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve is to be halted until a judicial review of the council 's decision can be heard .
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict .
Thousands of water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve in a bid to boost their numbers .
Two RUC officers who gave evidence at the inquest into the death of a man shot dead by police in Londonderry more than 30 years ago could be investigated for perjury , a court has heard .
The first unisex toilet to be built in China 's capital , Beijing , will open next month , officials say .
Wales fly - half Sam Davies has replaced Dan Biggar in Ospreys ' starting XV for their European Champions Cup match against Grenoble .
Manchester City have " amazing options " without suspended striker Sergio Aguero , says Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho .
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because they do not want to admit they are deaf , a charity has said .
Donald Sterling , the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team , can sell the team to a new owner , a judge has ruled .
The Duke of Cambridge is about to become a doctor .
While its existence has become a source of controversy on both sides of the Channel , some are calling for it to be dismantled .
A crowd - funding campaign to pay a hacking group for access to computer security vulnerabilities has been abandoned after it divided the cyber - security community .
England captain Eoin Morgan is a " world - class player " despite criticism from Geoffrey Boycott , says James Anderson .
Members of the University of London have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over plans to cut 1,000 jobs .
Tributes are being paid in the Republic of Ireland to the six people killed in a balcony collapse in the United States on Tuesday .
Police in Papua New Guinea are searching for more than 60 prisoners who escaped from a prison in the north of the country on Sunday .
A large cat that sparked a major search in eastern France on Thursday is probably not a wolf or wolf , officials say .
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads in the wild .
Some police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against car owners whose vehicles have been stolen or damaged while on duty .
Former paramilitaries who have been seriously injured during Northern Ireland 's Troubles should not be entitled to a special victims ' pension , say some of their injured colleagues .
A woman has died after her car was hit by a train in northern France .
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester .
The route of the torch relay for the London 2012 Olympic Games has been announced .
Golf 's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with strict anti - doping rules for the Rio Games .
Britain 's social mobility problem is " going backwards , not forwards " , according to a report by a government body set up to tackle inequality .
Colchester United were held to a draw by 10-man Chesterfield in a game that saw both sides finish with 10 men .
Four men have been released on bail after two children were killed in a car crash in Oldham .
A body found in a river has turned out to be a sculpture .
One in four men and one in 20 women in the world is a daily smoker , but the number of people dying from tobacco - related diseases has increased by 4.7 % in the past 25 years , a report says .
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man found dead in a Leeds park .
Led Zeppelin have released a previously unreleased session recording of Stairway To Heaven , recorded in 1971 .
England 's Euro 2016 campaign has been described by some as " The Group of Death " - but now it is over .
On 8 June adults will go to the polls to vote in the UK general election .
Twin brothers Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have renewed their legal battle with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg .
A sportive ride in Robert Millar 's honour is set to be held in his honour next month .
The number of drug users in Wrexham is on the rise , according to police , and the number of people taking new psychoactive substances is increasing .
The hard shoulder of the M5 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a fatal crash .
In the aftermath of the Westminster attack , which left four people dead and at least 48 injured , questions have been asked about security in the UK .
Bradford City moved into the League One play - off places with a comfortable win at Rochdale .
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi was killed in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix last year .
" There is no evidence so far that any of the allegations made in the Operation Midland investigation are linked to historical child sexual abuse . "
A woman who made a life - sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake has won an international cake competition for the second time .
A group of Northern Ireland politicians has launched a legal bid to stop the UK leaving the EU .
Bond actor Roger Moore has revealed that he and Sean Connery wanted to avoid any deliberate comparisons between him and the actor who played the role in the first two James Bond films .
Laura Trott won her second gold medal of the Track Cycling World Championships with victory in the women 's scratch final in London .
The cost of agency staff working for the NHS in England is falling , but it is still too high , figures show .
Mark Molesley scored the only goal of the game as Aldershot Town reached the FA Cup third round with a hard - fought replay win over Portsmouth .
Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano has completed his first spacewalk .
Voters in England and Wales go to the polls on 2 May to elect new councils .
William Hague has said it is " deeply concerning " that Sunni militants have seized control of large parts of Iraq .
A " Jekyll and Hyde " man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of killing two women in separate incidents .
She had come prepared to own up to her mistakes , apologising to the gathered throng just as she had apologised to the cabinet .
Britain 's Adam Yates finished fifth on stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Peter Sagan won a sprint finish to take victory .
Three men have been arrested after cannabis with an estimated street value of £ 100,000 was found at a property in Douglas .
Apple has made changes to its two - step verification system to prevent cyber - thieves gaining access to users ' iCloud accounts .
A memorial service has been held in Somerset for a missing yachtsman who went missing off the coast of the US in May.
Afghan special forces have killed all four attackers who stormed a hospital in the capital Kabul , killing at least 20 people , officials say .
Carlos Tevez has left Manchester United and Juventus to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG .
Rail fares in England , Scotland and Wales will rise by 0.5 % in July , the Rail Delivery Group ( RDG ) has announced .
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor in a runoff , becoming the first elected Conservative mayor in the region .
The " whole presence " of Rolls - Royce in Derby could be at risk if it moves research and development overseas , a Unite union leader has warned .
The attack on the shrine of Ayutthaya in the Thai capital , Bangkok , is being treated as a terrorist attack , but the real story is the government 's response .
How much would you pay to see your favourite band or singer perform live ?
Frankie Raymond 's late goal gave Dagenham and Redbridge a 1 - 0 victory over York in the National League .
At the age of 13 , Indian engineering student Ankit Kohli was told by his teacher that he would never be able to build a robot .
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him , a court has heard .
A police community support officer ( PCSO ) who gave information to a drug dealer he met at a gym has been jailed for four years .
The deportation of a Cardiff University student is " callous and inhumane " , the National Union of Students Wales has said .
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch says the scope of the US investigation into corruption at Fifa is " not limited " and it is looking into bids for two World Cups .
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season , BBC Sport understands .
More than 200 beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer months , figures show .
Johanna Shuker and Stephane Houdet won the mixed doubles at the British Open to become the first wheelchair mixed doubles champions at a Grand Slam tournament .
Ireland 's CJ Stander says Conor Murray will not be given an " armchair ride " by Glasgow Warriors when the sides meet at Murrayfield on Saturday .
Two 21-year - old players have signed new deals with Premiership side Bath .
Scientists say they have identified 23 genes that make it easier or harder for cancer to spread in the body .
England 's Tommy Fleetwood was beaten in a play - off at the WGC - HSBC Champions by Bernd Wiesberger as he missed a birdie putt on the final hole to miss out on victory .
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have defended their work on tackling extremism after a row over a leaked letter between them .
An 18th Century tin mine in Cornwall that featured in the BBC drama Poldark is to undergo a £ 1.5 m revamp .
Durham Jets came from behind to beat Leicestershire by two wickets in a rain - affected T20 Blast match in Newcastle .
Catholic priest Fr Alec Reid , who was pictured praying over the bodies of two British soldiers killed by the IRA in Belfast in 1988 , has died .
US researchers have developed a " sewing machine " for 3D printing that uses the fluid dynamics of liquid glass to create patterns like " honey on toast " .
Munster head coach Brendan Foley was a man of few words but he had a few .
Three people have been airlifted to hospital after a car crashed off a seafront promenade .
One of the first people to be diagnosed with Ebola in Sierra Leone after the outbreak of the disease in the country in 2014 has been a survivor of the civil war .
A US college has reinstated Bill Cosby 's endowed professorship in the name of the comedian amid allegations he sexually assaulted women .
First Minister Theresa May is at the top of a BBC list of the UK 's most powerful women , followed by the Duchess of Cambridge at fourth .
Cern has claimed to have discovered a new way to harness the power of The Force , which it claimed could give a particle physicist " superpowers " .
It 's one of the greatest stories in classical Chinese literature , but Netflix 's decision to remake it as a fantasy drama in New Zealand has sparked outrage in China .
Firefighters have been called to dozens of homes in Dorset and Dorset in recent weeks after using insecticide sprays to control pests .
Ireland fast bowler James Rankin is to return to international cricket for the first time since playing for England in 2014 .
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Jordan Dixon on loan until the end of the season .
The artist who painted The Beatles ' Sgt Pepper album cover has been honoured for his contribution to Liverpool 's cultural life .
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have arrested five people after a Dalit woman was beaten to death by a group of women from her own caste .
Twenty - five British athletes won medals at London 2012 .
David Cameron " deserves to find a role commensurate with his talents " , a senior Conservative MP has said .
Southampton Council has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs and services in a bid to save Â£30 m .
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains East Coast have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over jobs .
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will not lose faith in his players despite their Europa League exit .
Morecambe boss Grant McCann says he will continue to believe his side can reach the League One play - offs despite their 2 - 0 defeat by Peterborough .
A planning application has been submitted for a new student housing development in Belfast city centre .
Two police officers have been left shaken after a brick was thrown at their car in Londonderry .
Pupils at risk of failing to achieve a GCSE pass grade may not be the first people to think of taking part in a university tuition programme .
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff was so impressed by Nico Rosberg 's performance in 2016 that he named him as his preferred driver .
A drug that clears the build - up of amyloid in the brain of Alzheimer 's disease is " tantalising evidence " that a new class of drug may be on the horizon , say researchers .
A 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh .
Vladimir Putin and Marine Le Pen met in Moscow in March 2017 .
Malaysia 's film censors have approved the release of Disney 's live - action remake of Beauty and the Beast .
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it is " disappointing " it has taken so long for the Welsh Rugby Union and players to agree a new contract .
Muslim Match , a dating website for Muslims , has been hit by a " security breach " which has revealed details of more than 100,000 members .
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland 's justice system .
A fin whale has been found dead on a Norfolk beach .
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama 's signature healthcare law .
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to hold a special meeting later to discuss the issue of expenses .
The lawyer for the father of a five - year - old boy shot and killed by police in the US state of Louisiana has said the shooting was captured on police body camera .
At least 20 students have been killed in a fire at a boarding school in northern Nigeria , officials say .
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford turned down a move to League Two side Crewe Alexandra last season because he was needed by the club 's Under-21 side , says former boss Phil Collins .
Four people have been treated in hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a common in Bristol .
The government is to triple or even quadruple the discounts available to social housing tenants buying their own homes , the BBC understands .
North Korea has failed in its latest attempt to launch a ballistic missile , South Korean officials say .
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Les Blair has urged the club 's players to sign new contracts with the Pro12 champions .
A bill to change the lyrics of Canada 's national anthem to make it gender - neutral has cleared its first parliamentary hurdle .
England and Northern Ireland are among the best performing education systems in Europe for reading and maths , according to a new study .
St Johnstone 's Gary Anderson says he is " not bothered " by the Scottish FA 's decision to open a disciplinary case against Rangers defender Kiernan .
Governors of a Gwynedd secondary school have written to the council to object to plans for a new campus .
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the middle of a golf course in Australia .
Northern Ireland 's Kris Meeke has won his second World Rally Championship event of the season after surviving a last - gasp crash to claim victory in Rally Argentina .
A nature reserve in Cambridgeshire has reopened after a £ 3.5 m revamp .
China has executed six Uighur men for terrorism offences in the western province of Xinjiang , state - run Xinhua news agency says .
England batsman Jason Roy says he was not aware he had made the second - highest one - day international score of his career until he saw it on television .
First Minister Arlene Foster has said she believes there are " huge opportunities " in Northern Ireland after the UK voted to leave the EU .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is " determined " to lead the party into the next general election .
The Police Ombudsman 's office has been criticised by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland ( PFNI ) and the Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott .
A motorcyclist has died in an accident at a motorcycling event in Suffolk .
Atletico Madrid captain Luis Suarez says it was " totally unfair " for his side to be sent off against Barcelona in the Champions League .
Prime Minister David Cameron has hailed a " once - in - a - generation " deal on reforming the UK 's EU membership as a " victory " for the country , saying the final decision is in the hands of the British people .
Firefighters are continuing to tackle a large blaze on land where rubbish has been burning for more than a month .
A court in Afghanistan has sentenced a man to life in prison for the rape and murder of his daughter .
Indonesia 's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa calling for an end to child marriage .
Saudi Arabia has called on the US to reverse its decision to allow families of victims of the 9/11 attacks to sue the kingdom .
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the party for " telling the truth " over the Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scheme after he claimed DUP advisers tried to stop him reducing the tariff on the scheme .
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has told the Scottish Parliament that Scotland is " stronger " as a result of the referendum result .
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning , who is serving a 13-year jail term for historical sex offences against boys , has pleaded guilty to 11 new charges of indecent assault .
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with the challenge that led to Jack Hamilton 's red card in his side 's 4 - 2 win over Partick Thistle .
The first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will be built next summer , the defence secretary has announced .
A bar has been fined £ 50,000 after a teenager was left with severe burns after drinking a shot cocktail containing liquid nitrogen .
Morecambe manager Lee Bentley has urged his players to keep their feet on the ground as the League Two leaders go top of the table .
An 18-year - old man has been charged with the murder of a student and the attempted murder of another at a school in southern India .
Police are investigating claims a Cardiff college may have colluded with prospective students to defraud the student finance system .
A man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in the US state of New Mexico has pleaded not guilty to two counts of disorderly conduct .
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is " proud " of the government 's record on free school meals and will honour its manifesto pledge to provide them for all infants .
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his players " will not get off lightly " if they are found guilty of punching or kicking Hamilton 's Gary Swanson during Saturday 's 1 - 0 win .
A former Fifa vice - president has had his two - year ban from football 's governing body cut to two years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given an ultimatum to avoid a repeat of the collision that ended their Austrian Grand Prix title challenge .
The proportion of young people in England who own their own home has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a report .
Shakespeare 's birthplace , the Tithe Barn in Wiltshire , and the Tower of London are among examples of medieval " witches ' marks " that are being sought by heritage experts .
Five UK universities have been approved to offer master 's degrees in cyber security by the UK 's intelligence agency GCHQ .
A six - year - old girl who drowned at a swimming pool at a holiday park was not adequately supervised , an inquest has heard .
North Korea has said it has made " significant progress " in developing nuclear weapons , South Korea 's defence ministry has said .
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady is relishing the chance to make amends for his time at Liverpool when he was released by the Reds .
Rents for beach huts in Poole are set to rise by more than 20 % in the next five years , a council has announced .
" I want an apology from the police watchdog . "
The stepmother of late US entertainer Casey Kasem is being sued by his children over his death .
Thousands of people gathered at Cape Canaveral in Florida on Monday to watch the US space shuttle Atlantis lift off .
Egyptian police and the military are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees as part of a " cynical political strategy " , the human rights group Amnesty International says .
Promotion and relegation play - offs will be scrapped from the 2017 - 18 Premiership season , with Championship clubs in favour of the move .
The 2015 European Championship is under way in France , with hosts France hosting the tournament for the first time since 1998 .
Gusts of up to 75 mph ( 120kmph ) could hit parts of Wales on Monday , the Met Office has warned .
The Northern Ireland Assembly 's Public Accounts Committee has received a letter claiming to be from the president of the Law Society of Northern Ireland .
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 19-year - old was shot dead in Birmingham .
Mark Ronson 's Uptown Funk has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row , beating Ed Sheeran to the top spot .
The BBC has announced it is to extend its News at Ten , its flagship news programme , from Monday to Thursday from January .
The CIA has accused Wikileaks of being " not exactly a bastion of truth and integrity " after the whistle - blowing website published more of its leaks .
Mae dyn wedi cyfaddef ei chael yn euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus ar hyd strydoedd Caerdydd yng Nghaerdydd .
BHS may still have to go into liquidation , but who could be in the running to buy it ?
Victims of sexual offences in England and Wales would have a new right to challenge police decisions not to prosecute them if Labour wins the general election , the party has said .
Millions of savers who have savings of more than £ 75,000 in one account may not be entitled to compensation if their bank or building society fails .
Derry City and Strabane Post has said it may have to move out of its current premises in the city centre .
A school has been forced to close after 26 pupils and staff fell ill with norovirus .
Mark Doughty 's injury - time winner gave Swindon Town a dramatic win over Millwall in their first game under interim boss Lee Williams .
Tributes have been paid to a collector of celebrity memorabilia who died after a long illness .
German scientists believe they have found the source of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa - a hollow tree stump in Guinea where a seven - year - old boy named Emile died of the virus .
The unmarked graves of four children killed in a World War One explosion at a Wrexham cottage where a soldier was cleaning an unexploded shell are to be marked .
Police in Malaysia say they have found the body of a Brazilian man who went missing after being abducted in Kuala Lumpur last month in an oil drum in a river .
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor - Fletcher on loan until the end of the season .
A new road linking Taunton to the rest of Somerset has opened to traffic after months of delays .
Scottish soldiers from Penicuik are to be sent to Afghanistan for the first time since the last British combat troops left the country .
Boys have overtaken girls in top A - level grades for the first time in 17 years , according to the latest results .
Premier League clubs have more than doubled their spending on agents ' fees , according to the latest full - year figures .
A doctor who falsified clinical trials has been struck off the medical register .
A young girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in a " domestic - related incident " in Kent .
France earned their first win over Scotland since the Six Nations with a hard - fought victory in Paris .
A security contractor with a criminal record was allowed to board a lift with President Barack Obama in a government building in Atlanta , Georgia , with a gun in his hand , US media report .
Australia 's BHP Billiton and Brazil 's Vale have reached a deal to settle some of the biggest claims over the collapse of a dam at their Minas Gerais mine in 2014 .
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre - Hugues Herbert say they are " scared " and " afraid " as they prepare to play at the ATP World Tour Finals in London following the Paris attacks .
The US government has defended its surveillance programme , known as Prism , after it was revealed in a series of documents leaked to the media .
The Oscar - winning producer of Rocky and Raging Bull , John Chartoff , has died at the age of 83 .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has said he will use Lego to " defend freedom of speech and political art " after the Danish toy company refused to sell him the bricks .
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden 's Carpool Karaoke show for the first time later this week .
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and attempted sale of model Chloe Ayling .
Warrington Wolves won the Challenge Cup for the first time since 2012 with a comfortable victory over neighbours Widnes Vikings .
David Cameron has said it is his " deep , considered , steadfast belief " that leaving the EU would be a " big mistake " .
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants to " realign " the country 's military alliances , in his first speech since taking office .
President Hassan Rouhani has been a key figure in Iran 's political life since the revolution in 1979 .
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said US - Russia relations are at a " low point " after a meeting with his Russian counterpart .
Fidel Castro , who has died at the age of 90 , is one of the most famous men in the world .
Benfica won the Portuguese title for a record third time in a row as they thrashed Guimarães in the final of the Taça da Liga .
One of Ukraine 's most prominent anti - government protesters , Olexander Kalashnikov , has been found dead in the capital , Kiev .
Tens of thousands of jobs in Northern Ireland could be at risk unless Stormont politicians act to reduce corporation tax , a jobs creation agency has warned .
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker missing in the Cairngorms .
French far - right leader Marine Le Pen 's National Front ( FN ) party has been accused of defrauding the European Parliament out of € 1.5 m ( £ 1.1 m ; $ 1.6 m ) in payments .
A rare World War Two Spitfire has failed to sell at auction at Brooklands in south London .
Royal Bank of Scotland has launched its first polymer £ 10 note in 30 years .
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam which blinded one of its pilots .
Canada has lifted a ban on beef imports from the EU , which was imposed after the spread of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) in the 1990s .
The main railway line between Oxford and Didcot has reopened after being closed due to flooding .
Giannelli Imbula scored his first Premier League goal as Stoke City eased to victory at Bournemouth .
Network Rail has been accused of " embarrassing passengers " by promising a live feed of engineering work on the East Coast Main Line .
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in Lancashire .
Pupils at my school in the Paris suburb of Saint - Etienne - sur - Richelieu have been recalling their reaction to the attacks on the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine .
The fuselage of an RAF Hercules aircraft has been moved from its home base to a museum in Shropshire .
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be " full - strength " for Saturday 's second Test against the Irish in Dublin .
The cross - channel ferry firm SeaFrance is to be liquidated after a French court ruled it was not financially viable .
Two men have been rescued after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine .
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBA world champion Johannes Braehmer and end a run of three straight defeats .
Bolton Wanderers ' hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a further blow as they were beaten at Brentford .
Solihull maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a narrow victory at Bromley .
Rangers owner Dave King and his consortium have been voted on to the club 's board by shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting .
Britain 's Jamie Lapthorne reached the Australian Open quad doubles final for the first time in his career as he and American partner Jack Sock won their semi - final .
Former Dundee United and Rangers midfielder Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Ibrox .
Two rockets have been fired at the southern Israeli city of Eilat from across the border in Egypt , Israeli police say .
Bolivia 's vice - president has signed into law a new law allowing 12-year - olds to work , despite international guidelines that say they should not work .
The United States says it has killed Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , the leader of al - Qaeda in Iraq , in a drone strike in Syria .
The organisers of this year 's T in the Park music festival have unveiled a new campsite layout in a bid to improve security and safety .
The Shadow Advocate General for Scotland has been accused of " regurgitating China 's propaganda " after being caught on camera apparently praising Beijing 's economic policies in Tibet .
South Africa 's bowlers dominated the first day of the third and final Test against India as the visitors were bowled out for 200 .
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a two - match touchline ban by Uefa .
Workers at the Port of Calais are staging a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the sale of two Eurotunnel ferries .
Labour is " in danger of not asking the right questions " and failing to get the right answers , former prime minister Tony Blair has warned .
President : Filipe Nyusi .
Saracens fly - half Owen Farrell has signed a new three - year contract with the Premiership club .
Dundee have appointed Neil McCann as their new manager on a full - time basis following his resignation as interim boss .
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot in the contest to replace Nigel Farage as UKIP leader .
Non - league Billericay Town are close to agreeing a deal to sell a stake in the club to reality TV star Luke Wright , according to their chairman .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he was disappointed not to be offered the vacant Aston Villa manager 's job last summer .
Campaigners have welcomed a decision to extend opening hours at a country park in Hampshire after a campaign against its closing times .
England missed out on a dramatic victory over Pakistan in the first Test in the United Arab Emirates after a thrilling final day in Abu Dhabi .
The former leader of Myanmar 's main opposition party , Shwe Mann , has met the country 's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi for the first time .
A new maternity clinic for women who have experienced sexual violence during pregnancy is to open at the Royal London Hospital .
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 0 to take a 1 - 0 lead in the best - of - seven World Series as Corey Kluber dominated in Game One .
The annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries have passed off peacefully , police have said .
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a mother who was stabbed in front of her two - year - old daughter .
Middlesex have re - signed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum for the T20 Blast campaign .
Archaeologists have unearthed parts of a World War Two Spitfire that crashed in a field in County Monaghan 75 years ago .
Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has defended the government 's welfare reforms , insisting they are not aimed at hurting disabled people .
A US student who was held in North Korea for more than a year has returned to the US in a coma , his doctors say .
Shares in oil and gas explorer Premier Oil have jumped by more than 90 % after the company amended its deal to buy rival E.On 's North Sea assets .
EDF , the French energy group , has reported a net loss of € 1.4bn ( £ 1.1bn ) for the first three months of the year as it continues to struggle with its troubled nuclear business .
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada increased in 2015 , according to a new report .
It was 30 years ago this month that the director of a play about the attempted rape of a young Druid called Marban by a Roman soldier in Britain , Vladimir Bogdanov , went on trial for a sex act on stage .
A man has been taken to hospital after being stabbed in Cardiff city centre .
A council has spent £ 1.5 m looking for a new burial site after running out of space at its cemeteries .
Geoffrey Hughes , the Deputy Lord Lieutenant for the Isle of Wight , has died aged 74 .
Belfast boxer David McComb is through to the quarter - finals of the European Championships in Ukraine after beating Russia 's Mikhail Khodorkovsky .
China has arrested several people for spreading " seditious rumours " about the recent stock market slump and the deadly Tianjin explosions , state media say .
Tougher rules should be put in place to make it easier for people from the Indian sub - continent to join their spouse or partner in the UK , David Cameron says .
A salvage team has begun an initial survey of the platform that has run aground on Lewis .
Discount retailer B&M has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year as it continues to lose customers to supermarkets .
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named after the late Scottish novelist William McIlvanney .
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has pulled out of the squad for the Rio Olympics because of injury .
Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of the working culture at Sport NI .
A four - year - old girl who was reported missing from her home in Gateshead has been found safe and well .
A man has been convicted of stealing sheep from a Powys farmer after DNA tests proved they were the offspring of his rams .
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at his alma mater Temple University in Philadelphia .
Sky has confirmed that some of its broadband customers in some parts of the UK are experiencing problems with their internet connections .
" No " was the question on the ballot paper .
Ipswich Town have signed Bristol Rovers striker Ryan Moore and former MK Dons defender Jordan Spence for undisclosed fees .
Manchester United 's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England again .
Employers ' representatives should be given a say in how top executives are paid , the government is considering .
England beat world champions New Zealand 32 - 23 at Twickenham to complete a 3 - 0 series whitewash in the Women 's Six Nations .
A van Gogh painting which has gone on display in a cafe in Reading is not by the artist , according to a leading expert .
Kyle Edmund will make his Davis Cup debut for Great Britain when he takes on Janko Tipsarevic in Friday 's first - round tie against Serbia .
At least 12 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs and police in northern Mexico , officials say .
A lawyer for the former Guatemalan army chief , General Efrain Rios Montt , has been shot dead , officials say .
Russia says it will not be judged on whether it can " dance on the table or sing a song " when it is reinstated into athletics .
WBA world super - bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against Charles Dickens at London 's O2 Arena on 29 April .
World number one Andy Murray says he is " not nervous " about getting married and is already thinking about starting a family .
Rail passengers are being advised not to travel unless " absolutely necessary " as a national strike threatens to cause widespread disruption .
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to leave the club to join Paris St - Germain for a fee of £ 40 m .
Pop star Ed Sheeran has played two surprise sets at this year 's Glastonbury Festival .
India 's first metro rail service has been launched in the southern city of Chennai ( Madras ) .
A wildlife charity has called for anglers to be banned from fishing at a country park in East Sussex after a number of swans were injured by hooks .
Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his 27-marathon challenge in South Africa to raise money for the Comic Relief charity .
Batman v Superman : Justice League has received rave reviews from fans and critics at its world premiere .
Nicola Sturgeon has described the UK government 's plan for Brexit customs arrangements as " nonsensical and ridiculous " .
Belfast Capitals beat Cardiff Devils 3 - 0 at the SSE Arena on Thursday night to move level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff .
A man died after being Tasered by a police officer who feared he was going to set himself on fire , an inquest has heard .
German airline Lufthansa Group is to charge travellers who book flights via online travel booking services an extra fee .
A judge has ruled that a couple arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences should be allowed to return home to their children .
The French cartoonist and co - founder of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , Michel Charb , has written a book in defence of the paper 's editorial stance .
Iran will not decommission its Arak heavy - water nuclear reactor , despite reports that it has done so , the country 's nuclear chief says .
Parents claim they are being " punished " for living in a rural area by a council 's decision to cut free school transport .
Too many older people living in care homes have an " unacceptable quality of life " , a report has said .
Ten - man Dagenham & Redbridge lost for the first time in five games as they were beaten by Wycombe Wanderers .
She plays a no - nonsense politician in one of the most popular TV shows in the world , but Robin Wright is fighting for equal pay for her role in House of Cards .
The number of Christians in Wales has fallen by 14 percentage points since 2001 , according to figures from the 2011 census .
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under President - elect Donald Trump if asked .
Dundee extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable win over Ross County .
Two British tourists have appeared in court in Abu Dhabi charged with taking photographs of aeroplanes with a telescope .
The shortlist for this year 's Manmohan Mukherjee 's Booker Prize for Fiction has been announced .
A North Korean man arrested in Malaysia in connection with the death of Kim Jong - nam has said he is innocent and accused the authorities of trying to blackmail him .
Oxford United and Newport County played out a goalless draw at Rodney Parade .
Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jordan Marsh on a two - year deal after he was released by National League rivals Dover Athletic .
A union representing Tata Steel workers in Wales has said it is worried about the future of the company 's European operation .
Spending on school crossing patrol services in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past three years , according to new figures .
Emoji flags for Wales , Scotland and England are to be added to the range of emojis available on computers and mobile devices .
Former England and Manchester United striker Carlton Cole says he still has a " long road ahead " as he continues his recovery from kidney failure .
Michael Hutchinson suffered a broken leg in a crash during the Superbike race at the Isle of Man TT on Saturday .
A huntsman has told a court he was present when a fox was deliberately shot by hounds at a hunt in North Lanarkshire .
Shares in Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors fell more than 5 % on Friday after the company admitted to falsifying fuel economy data .
Jeremy Corbyn has " laid out his position " on the so - called benefit cap , his spokesman has said .
David Warner 's maiden Test century helped Australia to a draw with West Indies in the third and final Test as rain washed out the final day .
A man has said he was " humiliated " after being removed from a train twice by police who found wires in his bag .
Mohammed has come to Northern Ireland to find peace .
A former Gloucestershire Police officer has been jailed for a string of sex offences against vulnerable women .
A second body has been recovered from the Java Sea in the search for the missing AirAsia flight QZ8501 , officials say .
What do you do if you want to be a cricketer ?
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham ended Brentford 's unbeaten start to the season with victory at Griffin Park .
Bradford City reached the second round of the FA Cup for the first time in their history by thrashing non - league Chesham United .
A man has been charged with raping a boy in Cumbria .
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has told his players that they will not be allowed to play for other clubs next season .
Dundee 's direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted is to continue for another two years .
Lincoln Ladies have confirmed they will merge with Notts County Ladies and play in the Women 's Super League .
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) .
A police force has become the first in England and Wales to record misogyny as a hate crime .
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he is not surprised by the lack of international selection for his side .
Hampshire 's Liam Dawson says he is happy to be involved in England 's Twenty20 squad for the first time this summer .
More than 18 % of married or co - habiting couples in England and Wales are suffering from " highly - conflicted " relationships , according to research .
Pret A Manger has said it will pay teenagers who take part in an unpaid work experience week .
An RAF serviceman whose military medals were stolen from his car in Lancashire has said he is " proud of what he has done " .
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt is making a " miraculous recovery " , an RSPCA officer has said .
Defending champion Jordan Spieth took a four - shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Rory McIlroy 's hopes of winning his first major ended in disappointment .
A mother - of - three died of blood poisoning and sepsis after being left in an overcrowded London hospital for more than three hours , an inquest has heard .
In this week 's Tech Tent , we look at the future of virtual reality , the rise of video games online and the impact of artificial intelligence .
European Commission President Jean - Claude Juncker has set out his proposals for dealing with the migrant crisis in a speech to MEPs .
More than half of the world 's common species of plants and animals could be wiped out by climate change , say scientists .
Lazio have been banned from playing their next two Europa League games behind closed doors and fined 40,000 euros ( £ 34,475 ) by Uefa .
Chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona .
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must " respond quickly " to the 2 - 0 defeat by Bournemouth , which left them in the Premier League relegation zone .
A teenager from New Zealand has been crowned the UK 's alternative model of the year .
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill once had to hitch - hike with a bus full of German fans to get to a European Championship .
Delayed discharges from hospital in Scotland have fallen by two thirds in the last three months , according to new figures .
The proportion of A - level students in some parts of England is so low that they could be the lowest in the country , research suggests .
The government has been urged to review its counter - terrorism strategy after the death of one of three British schoolgirls thought to have travelled to Syria .
Russian track and field minister Vitaly Mutko says it is " high time " for Russian athletes to retire from international competition .
An anti - extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in memory of shop keeper Asad Shah , who was murdered in the city .
Bristol Rovers have signed defender Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Dominic Telford from Stoke City on season - long loan deals .
Scotland captain Chris Martin believes Saturday 's Euro 2016 warm - up match against France in Metz will be a chance for his side to show how good they can be .
With just over two weeks to go until the Scottish independence referendum , the gap between the two sides in the campaign has narrowed to just two percentage points .
Britain 's Andy Murray will face Naomi Broady in the first round of the Wimbledon men 's singles , while Dan Evans will face Jan Lennard Struff .
QPR 's Steven Caulker suffered a cut to his head during a Sunday lunch with his team - mates but was not involved in a fight , according to reports .
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to stop sharing user data with its parent company WhatsApp .
Women 's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed former Sunderland Ladies midfielders Jess Staniforth and Stephanie Sjoman .
Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was killed in a " brutal " attack .
Angolans have welcomed the withdrawal of controversial legislation that would have made it a crime to criticise the government online .
Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo said his team were " running around like ducks " at the Monaco Grand Prix as he was denied a second victory in a row .
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton to victory in the Mexican Grand Prix , but it was not enough to stop the Briton winning the world title .
Fishermen from other countries will have access to UK waters after Brexit , Michael Gove has said .
Police in the Australian state of Victoria have launched an investigation into a " clown purge " inspired by the US " killer clown " craze .
Sunderland have sold Italy international midfielder Andrea Giaccherini to Italian Serie A side Roma for an undisclosed fee .
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a general strike across the country to protest against last week 's disputed presidential election .
Dog poo is on the rise on Scottish beaches , according to a new survey .
MPs have voted to approve the government 's plan to raise VAT from 17.5 % to 20 % - despite opposition calls to scrap the move .
Parma , one of Italy 's most successful clubs of the 1990s , have been placed into administration .
It has been two years since I started writing a business blog for the BBC , but I am leaving the corporation to become a freelance presenter on the BBC News Channel .
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs .
Drinks giant Coca - Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year , but said it is " confident " it can return to growth .
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Craig Johnston was left disappointed after his side missed out on a four - point weekend in the Elite League .
A female osprey has laid her first egg at a nest at a Scottish Wildlife Trust nature reserve .
Families of the Birmingham Six who were killed on Bloody Sunday have criticised the government for refusing to fund their legal fees .
Pakistan 's military says it has carried out a series of air strikes on militant hideouts in the north - western tribal region near the Afghan border .
TomSka is one of the most popular vloggers on YouTube , with millions of followers around the world .
The US has failed to kill one of the most senior leaders of al - Qaeda in Yemen in a drone strike , US media reports say .
A woman who was stopped by a police car on the M1 in Northamptonshire has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving .
WBA world super - bantamweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico 's Jorge Rosas in a unification bout in London on Saturday .
French Justice Minister Segolene Goulard has resigned from the cabinet in a row over fake jobs .
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in London .
Rugby players deserve to earn more money after agreeing a new five - year contract worth £ 1.5 m a year , says the head of the RPA .
The smartphone may not be the first place you would look for a smartphone " pocket doctor " , but it is proving to be a powerful tool in the fight against a hidden epidemic .
Newcastle Falcons head coach Wayne Pavey says his side are " getting there " in their bid to finish in the Premiership 's top six .
A cash machine and cash machine have been stolen in a ram - raid on a shop in Northamptonshire .
A takeaway has been closed after a six - year - old girl died from a suspected allergic reaction to peanuts .
A woman has been raped and her two - year - old child abducted in a " very traumatic ordeal " , police have said .
The Vote Leave campaign is offering a £ 50 m prize to anyone who can predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships .
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton Athletic boss Karl Robinson was racially abused by a fan during Saturday 's 1 - 1 draw at Kingsmeadow .
Barclays has agreed to pay $ 1.5bn ( £ 1bn ) in the US to settle claims that it rigged interest rates .
A young author has won a competition to write a book about a chimpanzee .
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton reached the third round of the EFL Cup with victory over Sheffield United .
The family of a schoolgirl who took her own life have said they feel " badly let down " by the NHS after she was failed by the system .
The European Union has agreed to create a single list of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal .
BlackBerry has launched its first Android - powered smartphone in the UK .
A 77-year - old man who died after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire has been named .
Mesut Ozil says it is his " preference " to stay at Arsenal after the club 's pre - season tour of Australia .
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire is to be wound up in the High Court on Monday , marking the end of coal mining in the county .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday , boosted by gains in mining and energy companies as oil prices rose .
The National Portrait Gallery ( NPG ) has said it has secured funding to save a rare 18th Century portrait of an African slave painted in London .
A Norwegian team of scientists has suggested that one of the world 's most famous paintings , The Scream , may have been inspired by iridescent clouds .
The maker of Irn Bru , Rubicon and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in profits , but warned that the UK consumer environment remains uncertain .
Two Britons have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of Cape Town in South Africa .
Turkish women who apply for jobs in Germany wearing a headscarf are four times as likely to be invited for interview as those who do not , a study suggests .
Roger Federer says he would be " happy " to play Rafael Nadal in the US Open quarter - finals if the Spaniard plays in New York .
A 25-year - old man has been shot dead in Sheffield .
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy has warned that funding for Irish boxing could be at risk following a row over team selection .
An ancient Chinese legend about a great flood , which is said to have laid the foundations for the country 's Bronze Age civilisation , has been backed up by geological evidence .
Actress Tippi Hedren has accused Alfred Hitchcock of sexually harassing her in the early 1960s .
Salford Red Devils have signed Wales international Tyrone McCarthy from Wigan Warriors .
Hull 's largest nude art installation is to go on display for the first time .
A fourth Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at the gates of Downing Street .
An Italian mafia clan has been accused of running a " money printing operation for organised crime " at an asylum centre for migrants .
Some 15 % of police officers in England and Wales are considering leaving the service because of low morale , according to a BBC survey .
Who should have a blue plaque commemorating their place in music history ?
The UK will not succeed by acting in isolation in the fight against terrorism , the prime minister has said .
Nigeria 's military has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of suspected leaders of the Islamist Boko Haram group .
Durham 's Tom Steel and Tom Latham both hit centuries on day one of their County Championship Division Two match against Northants at Chester - le - Street .
An app that allows people to play computer games on their mobile phones has been criticised by a children 's charity .
Greece 's new Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has begun high - level talks with EU and IMF officials in a bid to secure a new € 86bn ( £ 65bn ; $ 100bn ) bailout .
The strongest El Nino on record is expected to continue into 2016 , the World Meteorological Organisation ( WMO ) has warned .
Human remains have been found in East Lothian by a cyclist .
Canelo Alvarez says he is ready to fight middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin after his stunning victory over Amir Khan .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a gang of men in west Belfast .
Plans to build a biomass power plant on the site of a former coal - fired power station in Norwich have been criticised by campaigners .
It 's been a year of extreme weather , and scientists are warning that the UK could be in for more of the same .
The French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has been caught on camera selling supplies to migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea .
A health and safety notice has been served on a mining company after a fire at a mine in Cornwall which left 11 workers missing .
Red Bull say they are no longer in talks with Mercedes over an engine supply deal , and are considering other manufacturers .
The Circuit of Wales would have been " well outside the natural agglomeration " of the British motor sport industry if it had been built in Ebbw Vale , a leading circuit owner has said .
Six teenagers have died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a party in a remote part of northern Germany , police say .
Britain 's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men 's 10 m platform at the Rio Olympics after failing to reach the final .
Sir John Major 's call for a second referendum on Brexit is an " absolute dismissal of democracy " , a former Conservative leader has said .
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park was one of the biggest sports stadiums in the world at the time of London 2012 .
A rare Rolls - Royce once owned by the late sex symbol Diana Dors has sold at auction in New York for $ 3 m ( £ 2.5 m ) .
Tributes have been paid to the 130 people killed in the Paris attacks on 13 November at a memorial service at the Invalides military complex .
Sergio Garcia shot a five - under - par 67 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the BMW Masters .
When you look at the foetuses of a humpback whale , you can see all the tell - tale features that you would expect to see in a whale .
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Friday , with shares in Japan and Hong Kong leading the way on hopes of a strong US jobs report .
Scotland 's beaches have been praised for their cleanliness and water quality .
A medieval bridge which was buried for more than 100 years has reopened to the public .
British astronaut Tim Peake has been on board the International Space Station .
Hartlepool striker Jake Cassidy scored his first goal of the season to earn his side a draw at Macclesfield .
Ride - sharing service Uber is losing more than $ 1bn a year in China , according to reports .
Satellites will be able to track aircraft in real - time in the wake of the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 .
Greece 's new left - wing Syriza government has set out a list of reforms it wants to make as part of the terms of its third bailout .
Online crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of running a scam .
Plans have been submitted to turn two former Reading University buildings into flats .
A bid to devolve powers to the Solent to a combined authority is " almost certainly dead " , council leaders have said .
The UK 's competition watchdog has accused Pfizer and Flynn Pharma of abusing their dominant position in the sale of a cancer drug to the NHS .
A team of scientists in the US has been searching for sea life in the deepest part of the ocean .
An inquest into the death of 14-year - old Alice Gross , who was murdered in London last year , will look at whether the authorities failed to protect the public , a coroner has ruled .
An Australian author has won a prestigious US literary award after receiving an email saying she had been shortlisted for a prestigious prize .
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Craig Reid on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for the time they spend travelling between their jobs .
A search for a kayaker reported missing off the coast of Northern Ireland has been declared a hoax .
Militants have taken control of the northern Iraqi town of Qaraqosh , the largest Christian town in the northern province of Nineveh .
Great Britain 's Tom Benson won gold in the men 's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Rangers have completed the signing of Northern Ireland international defender Ryan Hodson from MK Dons on a two - year deal .
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships over the next five years .
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions for the first time in 25 years , its owner has confirmed .
US actor Morgan Freeman is to receive the American Film Institute 's ( AFI ) lifetime achievement award , the organisation has announced .
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a fire escape has been awarded a bravery award .
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ordered that two teenage girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in a bid to please Slender Man should be tried as adults .
Northern Ireland 's Stephen Maguire said he was " embarrassed " after admitting he " never showed up " at the World Championship .
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall defender Mohamed Abdou on a free transfer .
Former Manchester United and Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal says he will not return to coaching .
A bride - to - be who was diagnosed with a brain tumour just days before she was due to marry has died from the disease .
Historic cups and saucers of " significant historical value " have been stolen during a burglary at a stately home .
England have accused Wales of scrummaging illegally during their Six Nations campaign .
Retailer Brantano , one of the UK 's largest department stores , has been placed into administration .
Twenty years ago , Jean - Marc Bosman took football 's business model to court and won a landmark ruling that changed the world of football .
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to notify him of the UK 's intention to leave the European Union .
A tree in Glasgow has been named the Scottish Tree of the Year .
A new report has set out the case for extending the Borders Railway .
Northern Ireland 's political parties have failed to agree a budget for the coming financial year .
More children under the age of 12 have been referred to an NHS service to help them transition to another gender in the last five years , figures show .
An Australian man and a 15-year - old girl have been arrested as part of a counter - terrorism operation in Sydney , police say .
Cyclists have been banned from parts of a Nottinghamshire town centre where the Tour of Britain is due to take place .
Japan 's Emperor Akihito , the world 's longest - reigning monarch , wants to abdicate , according to media reports .
Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) has criticised Thai authorities for cancelling the launch of a report on human rights in Vietnam at a venue in Bangkok .
Pupils at a primary school in Northamptonshire have been banned from playing British Bulldog .
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three sex offences against a child .
As Roger Goodell prepares for the start of the 2015 NFL season , it is hard not to feel sorry for him .
Ospreys scrum - half Vereniki Goneva is fit to face Scarlets for the first time this season after recovering from a hamstring injury .
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was " in effect dead " when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane on Saturday , according to the doctor who gave him life - saving treatment .
The former chairman of Tata Sons has launched a blistering attack on the Tata Group , accusing the board of " unfair and unjust " treatment .
The father of a boy who went missing in Alabama in 2002 has been charged with his son 's murder .
Two Israelis have been killed in a car - ramming attack in the occupied West Bank , the Israeli military says .
A decision on whether to allow fracking for shale gas in North Yorkshire is expected to be made by councillors on Friday .
It 's often said that the " cloud " is a place where all things are possible and all things can be done .
An exhibition celebrating the history of rare animals at Windsor Castle has opened .
Ospreys have named a 23-man squad for the 2016 - 17 Pro12 season .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday , boosted by strong gains in the pharmaceutical and tech sectors .
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses to help them find somewhere to live when they start work .
The BBC has been reporting from the Chinese village of Wukan in Guangdong province for the past week .
Arcade Fire have brought the Glastonbury Festival to a close with a raucous , energy - packed set after a thunderstorm forced them off the main stage .
French mosques have opened their doors to the public for the first time in more than a year as part of an initiative aimed at bringing Muslims together .
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping and assaulting a woman in east Belfast .
The number of babies born in England born addicted to a harmful substance has varied widely across the north of England , the BBC has learned .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a flat in north London .
Craig Guscott was Bath 's director of rugby at The Rec in the 1980s and 1990s , when they were the dominant English club and Leicester Tigers were the reigning champions .
An oil and gas company is threatening to take legal action against the National Trust if it can not get on to its land to look for shale gas .
The Nelson Mandela Foundation ( NMF ) has called on South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma to step down , accusing him of " crippling the state " .
The head of Ofsted has called on the government to take " urgent action " to close down unregistered schools in England where children are being taught in squalid conditions .
A crane has been used to remove illegal drugs from a prison roof after they became lodged on the roof .
Madonna has released a new music video for her new album .
Work has begun on a £ 100 m shopping and entertainment complex in Oxford which will replace a former car park .
The PSNI has removed a post on Facebook which accused eight people in west Belfast of being on an " apparent hit list " .
Torquay secured their National League status for next season with a 2 - 0 win over North Ferriby at Plainmoor .
Moors Murderer Ian Brady will remain in hospital for the foreseeable future , a tribunal has ruled .
Oscar - winning actor Matthew McConaughey has surprised students at the University of Texas at Austin by taking them home in his golf buggy .
An 18-year - old woman has been sexually assaulted and raped by a man in a car in Midlothian .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Joseph Warungu looks at some of the people who will be standing and sitting in Africa in 2017 .
Morecambe scored two second - half goals as they came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Cambridge United .
Labour has accused the Conservatives of " on an industrial scale " using social media to target its MPs with personal attacks .
West Ham have signed former Arsenal and Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Jonas Nordtveit for an undisclosed fee .
The RNLI has asked one of its volunteers at a Channel Islands lifeboat station to stand down with immediate effect .
The chairman of Sports Direct , Keith Hellawell , has announced he will not stand for re - election for a second term as chairman .
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to record suspect interviews , ending a policy that had been in place since the 1970s .
Two north Wales hospitals which were rated " inadequate " by inspectors have improved their food hygiene standards .
In a country as diverse as Brazil , issues of human rights and minority rights are often at the centre of public debate .
The sign reads " jobs , jobs , jobs " .
The art of " skotocartography " - the art of making maps of dark matter - is in a golden age , according to a group of scientists .
The founder of Bristol 's St Pauls Carnival , Carmen Beckford , has died at the age of 91 .
Northern Ireland 's hospitals have been under intense pressure this winter .
The Royal British Legion has launched a new campaign to change the way people think of veterans .
A road worker who was seriously injured in a collision with a lorry has died in hospital .
A lifeboat and Coastguard helicopter have been involved in a search for a man believed to have gone missing off the coast of Shetland .
Justin Gatlin has broken his own 200 m world - record and set a new personal best in the process to win the Diamond League 200 m .
The City of London 's special representative to the EU has accused France of seeking to " degrade " the UK and its financial services industry after Brexit .
MPs have asked the Pensions Regulator to explain why plans to shore up the BHS pension scheme were not approved by the regulator .
Aberdeen 's Jonny Hayes has won his appeal against the red card he received in the 2 - 1 defeat by Celtic .
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl while two others slept in a garage .
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new two - year contract with the Serie A club .
A man has appeared in court charged with the rape and sexual exploitation of children at a nursery .
Birmingham City captain Gary Robinson has signed a new one - year contract with the Championship club .
A man serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of a 15-year - old girl has gone on trial accused of raping two more girls .
At first glance , it does not look like much .
People have been telling us how they use WhatsApp to stay in touch with friends and family around the world .
Venezuela 's opposition - held National Assembly has voted to accept the resignation of three of the four suspended legislators .
Warwickshire off - spinner Jeetan Patel has signed a two - year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to a " prescribed standard " , Transport Minister Ken Skates has said .
Hartlepool United have appointed Barrow boss Gary Cox as their new manager following their relegation from the Football League .
Scotland winger Jonny Gray has urged his team - mates to get back to winning ways and end the Six Nations in style .
Celtic are " open to a certain extent " the possibility of winger Patrick Roberts returning to the club from Manchester City .
Kevin Pietersen became the first player to score a Twenty20 century for South Africa 's Glamorgan Dolphins as they beat Sydney Knights in the South African Premier League .
The UK economy is facing a period of " relatively low growth " as a result of weaker consumer spending and falling investment , a report says .
Since the deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Kenya 's capital , Nairobi , in which 67 people were killed , security has been tightened across the country .
England beat Pakistan by an innings and 61 runs in the second Test at The Oval to take a 2 - 0 lead in the three - match series .
A van driver who killed a man in a crash in West Lothian has been jailed for three months .
Sinn Féin 's Naomi Sugden has been appointed as the new justice minister .
A project to mark the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare 's death has been launched by the British Council , the National Theatre and the BBC .
Israel has dismantled most of the security infrastructure at a key holy site in the occupied West Bank , in a move seen as a concession to Palestinians .
Work has started on a £ 25 m retail development in Merthyr Tydfil which will see the opening of a new department store .
Lord Heseltine has accused Boris Johnson of behaving " irresponsibly , recklessly " in the EU referendum campaign and said he is " very surprised " he could lead the Conservative Party .
Uber has agreed to pay out $ 1.2bn ( Â£1.1bn ) to settle a series of lawsuits brought by customers in the US over safety concerns .
Championship side Fulham have signed Belgian striker Adama Cyriac on a season - long loan from Oostende .
More than 2,000 people have died in Sri Lanka after a tsunami hit the island nation , killing more than 1,000 .
Marseille owner Frank McCourt has bought a controlling stake in the French Ligue 1 club for an undisclosed sum .
A shipyard that was taken over by a private equity firm last year is aiming to create 1,300 jobs by 2020 .
Brighton boosted their Championship play - off hopes with a comfortable win over Bristol City .
A Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing £ 10,000 from a cancer charity .
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic has agreed a four - and - a - half - year contract extension with the Spanish champions .
There 's a war of words going on in Westminster .
Rights groups have condemned as a " war crime " a video that appears to show rebels in Syria summarily killing dozens of government soldiers .
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering a metatarsal fracture in his first Premier League start against Vitality .
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he is " deeply sorry " for the UK 's involvement in the Iraq war but has not made any formal apologies .
Politicians have been reacting to the results of the Northern Ireland Assembly election .
Competition between birds and bees for nesting sites could explain why some species are struggling to survive , say scientists .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is " not worried " about his squad despite a summer of upheaval at Stamford Bridge .
A Church of Ireland bishop has said he supports civil same - sex marriage but that the church is not " up to pace " with society .
Cameroon midfielder Yannick Assou - Ekotto has signed a two - year contract with French Ligue 1 side St Etienne .
The BBC is experimenting with a way to control TV programmes using the power of the mind .
Lancashire captain Steve Chapple has been named as the county 's assistant head coach following the departure of Peter Moores .
More than 40,000 acres of commercial forests in Wales need to be re - planted to meet growing demand for timber , according to campaigners .
The son of a Liverpool fan killed in the Hillsborough disaster tried to identify his mother from a Polaroid photograph , the inquests have heard .
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year , the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) has said .
Rangers have parted company with youth coach David Durrant .
Tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died in a two - vehicle crash near Strachan .
Facebook , Twitter , YouTube and web searches on Google can be intercepted by the UK 's spy agency GCHQ , the Office for Security and Counter - Terrorism has said .
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she will never give up on her fight for justice , 20 years after his death .
Pupils at a Jersey school have been banned from the school prom because of " unacceptable pressure " on pupils to be slim , fashionable and " perfect " .
Huddersfield Town boosted their Championship play - off hopes with a late winner at Burton Albion .
University staff in Wrexham and Cardiff University have joined a national strike over pay .
For the first time , MI6 is taking on the James Bond image on the silver screen , as part of a new recruitment drive .
An 82-year - old woman who was murdered in her Fife home has been named by police .
A 30-year - old man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast .
A man has died after being stabbed to death in Sheffield .
One of Scotland 's most famous seagulls has returned to a nature reserve in the Highlands .
Newcastle United won the Championship title for the first time in their history after beating Barnsley at St James ' Park .
The husband of a dentist whose wife took her own life has said the last few days have been the " worst of his life " .
Wales scrum - half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup with a foot injury .
Police in Sicily have arrested 15 members of a volunteer firefighting team accused of defrauding the fire service out of thousands of euros in order to start wildfires .
The final list of candidates to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be announced on Wednesday , the party says .
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey .
Widnes Vikings moved to within three points of the Super League play - off places thanks to a hat - trick of tries from Ryan Owens .
Japan and South Korea have held their first face - to - face talks since the election of a new Japanese prime minister .
Scientists are calling for an international agreement on how to protect the high seas .
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan are among the football stars who have donated signed shirts to help a former player who was seriously injured in a hit - and - run crash .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found with serious head injuries in a residential street .
Dover Athletic have been given the go - ahead to sign Paul N'Gala after Gillingham were prevented from signing him by Fifa transfer rules .
A man has died and another man is in hospital with life - threatening injuries after a two - vehicle crash on the A1 in Londonderry .
The number of visitors from the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland could have been affected by the Troubles , a report has suggested .
A 92-year - old woman facing deportation from the UK has been told she can appeal to the European Court of Human rights .
Morocco coach Herve Renard is aiming to become only the second coach in Africa 's history to win the Africa Cup of Nations three times as he takes charge of his third team .
China 's imports fell sharply in September , adding to concerns about the health of the world 's second largest economy .
Northampton Town manager Paul Hackett says beating League One side Stourbridge in the FA Cup second round is one of the club 's greatest achievements .
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has the " capability " to lead the national side into the future , according to chief executive Gareth Brooke .
Olympic bronze medallist Gemma Smith says she is " confident " Team GB will qualify for the Rio Games at the European Weightlifting Championships in Norway in April .
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki will face Sloane Stephens in the final of the Rogers Cup on Sunday .
A new vein of Blue John , one of the world 's most valuable minerals , has been discovered in a cave .
A man who escaped from custody more than 40 years ago and went on the run has been jailed for two years and four months .
Pregnant and recently pregnant women in the UK are being urged to avoid trips to areas with a high risk of malaria after returning from abroad .
Hospitals are one of the biggest employers in the UK .
Great Britain 's David Davies and Katarina Hermitage won two more gold medals on the final day of the European Indoor Athletics Championships , while David Weir and David Devine both claimed silver .
Boreham Wood have been awarded a £ 1.5 m grant from the Premier League to improve their Hive Stadium ground .
A group backing Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour leadership contest has said it is " ludicrous " to describe its supporters as " entryists " after 18 of its members registered to vote .
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for making an " error of judgement " during his Golden Globe acceptance speech at Sunday 's ceremony .
An Irish man has been shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his three children .
A search is under way to find the remains of a Gwynedd village which was wiped out by erosion .
A back - to - work scheme aimed at creating jobs for young people in Wales has been temporarily closed .
A man has appeared in court charged over the death of a 15-year - old girl believed to have taken a so - called legal high .
Hull City defender Curtis Davies is available to face Burnley after missing the FA Cup win over Lincoln with an ankle injury .
A former senior police officer has called for cannabis to be decriminalised .
Aung San Suu Kyi 's failure to condemn the " mass atrocities " being committed against the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar has been widely criticised .
Belfast boxer Michael O'Shea has won Ireland 's fourth gold medal at the European Boxing Championships with victory over Kazakhstan 's Soslan Gadzhimagomedov .
Gloucester City Football Club has announced plans to build a new stadium in Sudmeadow , Gloucestershire .
Burundi 's ruling party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections , but the UN has called for a two - week delay to the presidential vote .
The US economy added fewer jobs than expected in May , but the unemployment rate fell to a 17-year low , official figures show .
Wigan Warriors have been fined £ 10,000 for staging a pre - season game against Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium as a football match .
Former world number one Mark Davis is out of the first round of World Championship qualifying after losing 10 - 3 to Scotland 's Mark Davis in Sheffield .
The Home Office has commissioned a 10,000-page study into the policing of the so - called Battle of Orgreave during the 1984 miners ' strike .
Nigeria 's military says more than 200 people have been freed from Boko Haram Islamist militants in the north - east of the country .
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being " the most abusive to women in the history of politics " .
Sweden 's Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one - shot victory at the Open Championship at Royal Troon .
A doctor who stole more than £ 100,000 from a Lincolnshire medical practice has been jailed for five years .
Prime Minister David Cameron has backed calls for councils to sell off council houses worth more than the average house price in the most expensive areas of the UK .
Tiger Woods is back in action at the Dubai Desert Classic , where he will be joined by a young Spaniard who has already secured his European Tour card .
Fifa has approved a new law which will ban players from revealing undergarments which show political , religious or personal slogans .
For decades , inheritance tax ( IHT ) has been a relatively low - profile issue .
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is a doubt for the visit of Southampton after suffering a hamstring injury in the defeat by Crystal Palace .
Hibernian Ladies are through to the last 16 of the Scottish Women 's Cup after a 3 - 0 win at home to Queen of the South .
Wales full - back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a knee injury .
National League side Barrow have parted company with manager Paul Cox after just five months in charge .
Green Day have vowed to return to Scotland after a concert in Glasgow was cancelled because of safety concerns .
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight for a place in the second round of the African Champions League after losing 2 - 1 to KCCA in South Africa .
Police in China have arrested two distillers after finding Viagra and other illegal drugs in bottles of alcohol they were bottling .
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland have been at the centre of a long - running legal battle .
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign Dundee United midfielder Scott Erskine for the end of the season .
The US Navy has banned alcohol for US military personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa after a female sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink - driving .
Everton marked their return to the Europa League with a convincing win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park .
HSBC has appointed the chief executive of Asian insurance giant AIA as its new chairman .
A worker at Devonport Royal Dockyard was contaminated with radiation during a nuclear submarine training exercise , it has emerged .
It 's been one of the most exciting years of 2016 so far !
A man who tried to smuggle £ 3,860 of heroin and cannabis resin into a prison has been jailed for six months .
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past week .
Police investigating the rape of a woman in Glasgow have appealed for witnesses to come forward .
A large bonfire has been set alight in north Belfast .
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints about a religious lesson in which students were asked to write in Arabic .
Keaton Jennings ' maiden first - class century for Durham was not enough to prevent Somerset taking control on day two at Chester - le - Street .
Plans for a £ 50 m revamp of Keynsham town centre are being unveiled by the local authority .
Holidaymakers have been complaining for months about the rising cost of summer holidays , with some claiming they are paying up to 300 % more than last year .
The Islamic State ( IS ) militant group has carried out a suicide attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad , near the border with Syria .
Domino 's Pizza Group , which owns the UK 's biggest pizza chain , has reported a 15 % rise in profits for 2015 , helped by a surge in online sales and a fall in food prices .
The sister of a County Tyrone teenager murdered by a " thoroughly evil " man has said she is " angry and fearful " that her killer is due to be released from prison .
An Iranian couple rejected by the Australian government for resettlement in Cambodia have returned to their home country .
Dumfries and Galloway Council has voted to balance its budget for 2017/18 .
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says he has held talks with former Watford defender Martin Olsson .
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Scott Hogan on a season - long loan deal .
Plans to introduce a late - night levy in Liverpool have been rejected by councillors .
Great Britain 's men 's basketball team will take on Greece in a pre - EuroBasket warm - up game at the Copper Box in London on Saturday .
The prime minister has defended the government 's refusal to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK that their rights will be protected after Brexit .
Strictly Come Dancing has been " an absolute saviour " for Sam Smith after he revealed he was suffering from depression .
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in 110,000 refugees in 2017 as part of a global effort to help millions of people displaced by conflict .
What was the motive of Andreas Lubitz , the Germanwings pilot who crashed his plane into the French Alps , killing all 150 people on board , and killing himself ?
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has " great confidence " in US President - elect Donald Trump after talks in New York .
South Africa umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion .
A new genetic test for inherited heart conditions has been developed by the British Heart Foundation .
Residents at a care home in Bristol are being treated like " objects " , a report has found .
A Danish court has sentenced four journalists to jail for selling details of celebrity whereabouts to a gossip magazine .
Militants who killed 20 people in Bangladesh on Friday were members of a banned Islamist militant group , the government says .
US manufacturing grew at its slowest pace for more than a year in June , according to a closely - watched survey .
A pedestrian has died after being hit by a car in central London .
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to settle a dispute over the future of their pension scheme .
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Lewis .
UK scientists have been given permission to carry out experiments to edit human embryos for the first time .
Two US states , the District of Columbia and Maryland , have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump , accusing him of violating the constitution by accepting payments from foreign governments .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks about extending his contract with the Premier League champions .
An engineer who built a robot that can walk and run on a tank of diesel has said he hopes it will inspire others to take up engineering .
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were killed by an improvised explosive device , an inquest has heard .
A woman who was conned out of nearly £ 50,000 in an email scam has told Victoria Derbyshire of her ordeal .
Scottish heating and cooling firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US - based Dryco , which specialises in HVAC and moisture control services .
Belfast Giants have extended the contracts of seven players ahead of the new Elite League season .
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says Kane Hemmings is one of the club 's best players and he wants to keep him at Dens Park .
The family of a 92-year - old woman from the Highlands who has been living in Australia for more than two years are facing deportation back to Scotland .
The white police officer accused of killing an unarmed black teenager in Chicago in 2014 has been charged with murder .
Valencia 's winless run in La Liga extended to eight games as Diego Sanabria 's second - half penalty gave Atletico Madrid victory at the Mestalla and left manager Gary Neville without a win .
Two teenagers have been killed in a crash in Cumbria .
China has reacted angrily to an international tribunal 's decision to uphold its claim to most of the South China Sea .
A film based on the life of comic - book legend Stan Lee is in development , according to reports .
The Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be separated from trade talks with the EU .
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian student who was shot dead in what police say was a random attack .
A woman who added her middle name to her surname for " a laugh " has had her passport cancelled by the Home Office .
A task force set up to help save the steel industry in Scotland has met for the first time .
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said he is looking forward to a " positive " relationship with US President - elect Donald Trump .
The BBC has signed a five - year deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings from 2017 to 2020 .
Irish actor Michael Lally , best known for his roles in Glenroe and Ballykissangel , has died at the age of 69 .
Vodafone has been told by India 's Supreme Court that it must pay $ 2.2bn ( Â£1.9bn ) in back taxes to the Indian government over a controversial deal .
Bournemouth boss Nigel Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday 's Premier League match with Southampton .
At least 10 bodies have been found in a mass grave in the north - eastern Kenyan town of Mombasa , police say .
India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced that 500 and 1,000 rupee notes will be withdrawn from circulation from Wednesday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
President Donald Trump campaigned on a series of campaign promises .
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens head coach Keiron Cunningham as director of rugby .
Two men have died in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire .
Bath secured their first Premiership win since Sam Burgess ' return to the club with a bonus - point victory over London Irish .
Bradford Bulls have been granted membership of the Rugby Football League by the RFL following the takeover of the club by Shahid Khan and John Sutcliffe .
A World Cup winner 's medal won by Brazilian football legend Pele has sold at auction for more than £ 200,000 .
A sculpture featuring thousands of ceramic poppies has seen a 170 % increase in visitor numbers since it was unveiled in Leeds .
Former footballer Sir Alex Ferguson 's plans to build a mock - Tudor flower house in Greater Manchester have been approved by councillors .
Four people have been killed in an attack on a police station in China 's Xinjiang region , officials say .
Former Masters champions Sergio Garcia , Rickie Fowler and Thomas Pieters are three shots behind leader Charley Hoffman after two rounds of the Masters at Augusta .
Colin Martin has said he will not race on his Honda Fireblade bike again this year .
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May will " still be neighbours " after the general election despite reports of a rift , Downing Street has said .
Amnesty International has warned of a " new world order " in which politicians are " shamelessly legitimising hateful rhetoric and policies based on people 's identity " .
Thousands of workers in South Africa have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and working conditions .
Disney is one of the world 's biggest entertainment companies .
Stephen Cook has been named in South Africa 's squad for the fourth Test against England in Cape Town on Saturday .
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos forward Ryan Hood on a two - year deal .
Olympic silver medallist Katie Murray has qualified for the final of the British team event at the World Para - athletics Championships after a disappointing semi - final .
Gunmen have opened fire on the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul , damaging one of them and setting fire to another .
Dundee United have signed Scott Keatings from Hibernian for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew is being investigated by the Football Association after being involved in an incident with Watford fans during Saturday 's 2 - 2 draw .
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 with a bonus - point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park .
Russia has accused Turkey of being to blame for an air strike on the Islamic State - held Syrian town of al - Bab that killed 19 Turkish soldiers on Thursday .
Shares in Weibo , China 's biggest micro - blogging site , have soared on their first day of trading in the US .
Salford Red Devils have released half - back Chris Chase and full - back Ben Paterson , while forward Alex Fages is set to leave the club .
The Last Samuri will attempt to become the first 11st 10 lb horse to win the Grand National for 40 years when the race gets under way on Saturday .
South Yorkshire Police 's chief constable has said he is " profoundly sorry " for the way the force failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster .
The US military is considering whether to transfer transgender soldier Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison .
A woman has died after being hit by a bus in Londonderry .
A bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims to the holy city of Mecca has crashed in Saudi Arabia , killing at least 11 people , the state news agency Mena has reported .
Disney has announced plans for a sequel to its hit animation Frozen , following the success of the first film .
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) has postponed the launch of its ExoMars mission to 2020 by two years .
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter - finals of the Miami Open with a straight - set win over Madison Brengle .
Two fishing boats have been rescued after running aground in Dartmoor harbour .
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association ( LTA ) for " wasting time " trying to attract young players to the sport .
Great Britain will play Argentina in the semi - finals of the Davis Cup at Wimbledon next month .
The Irish finance minister has failed to ensure Nama will appear before the Irish parliament 's finance committee , its chairman has said .
Laura Mvula is in the middle of a busy week .
The number of animal cruelty cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales has fallen , but the number of animals rescued and rehomed has risen .
UK house prices rose by 7.8 % in the year to March , according to official figures , driven by a surge in London house prices .
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt , according to a government reply to a question from the Liberal Democrats .
Boris Johnson has urged the two rival groups campaigning for Britain to leave the EU to " get the arguments out " ahead of a decision on who will lead the campaign .
Northampton Town defender Gaby Nsiala has left the League Two club to return to his native DR Congo to play for TP Mazembe .
Rangers produced a stunning second - half comeback to beat Aberdeen and end the Dons ' slim hopes of third place in the Premiership .
A lightsaber - wielding Jedi Knight could be coming to Cheltenham .
A theatre producer has been jailed for five years for defrauding the Arts Council of Wales out of £ 100,000 .
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi says he is " less optimistic " about his son 's recovery than he was at the time of his crash in Japan .
An 88-year - old musician has been reunited with his old bandmates after he was diagnosed with dementia .
Labour leadership contender Owen Smith has said he would have voted against the Iraq war had he been in parliament in 2003 .
Police investigating the disappearance of Wales rugby player Sam Warburton have arrested a man on suspicion of his murder .
A 92-year - old woman has been selling poppies for more than 75 years to help raise money for the Poppy Appeal .
An Italian ferry has caught fire off the Spanish island of Mallorca , with more than 1,000 passengers and crew on board .
A 17-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash between a car and a lorry on the outskirts of Glasgow .
Tranmere Rovers kept their National League play - off hopes alive with a convincing win at Dover .
The mother of a British man accused of trying to shoot US President - elect Donald Trump has said her son is " terrified " about his sentence .
There was a certain tension in the air last night , as Mr Speaker Bercow presided over a farewell dinner for Deputy Speaker Dawn Primarolo .
A US appeals court has overturned the murder conviction of Brendan Dassey , whose case featured in the Netflix documentary Making a Murderer .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Republican rival Lindsey Graham 's phone number and told him to call him .
Great Britain 's women 's hockey team have been named in the 23-strong squad for the Rio Olympics .
Glamorgan made a solid start to their County Championship Division Two campaign with two early wickets on the opening day at Canterbury .
A woman has been found not guilty of having sex with a 15-year - old boy .
Scotland faces " tough choices " in the coming days as it prepares to unveil its budget plans , according to Scottish Secretary John Swinney .
Donald Trump has won the US presidential election .
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional " in the near future " following his defeat at the Olympics .
A toddler died from a combination of septicaemia , infection and blunt chest trauma , a court heard .
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates due to be sold as scrap have been put up for sale .
When the US Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) announced plans to relax net neutrality rules earlier this month , social media was abuzz .
For more than a century men have enjoyed a significant advantage over women in life expectancy .
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the east coast of England .
A 25-year - old man has been charged after police were attacked by a group of youths who damaged two parked cars in west Belfast .
Victims of domestic violence say they are " shocked and appalled " by plans to offer therapy and support to violent partners .
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is " much to be proud of " in Scotland 's education system , despite concerns about teacher numbers .
Voters in North Korea go to the polls on Sunday to elect governors , mayors and other officials in local elections .
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving .
Brazil 's interim President Michel Temer has vowed to restore trust in the country after the Senate voted to impeach President Dilma Rousseff .
Proposals for a second stretch of " smart motorways " on the M5 near Bristol have been unveiled .
Lethal Weapon is to be remade as a TV series for Fox , according to reports .
A court in Turkey has begun the trial of 11 people accused of involvement in a coal mine disaster that killed more than 600 people .
A council leader has admitted he has " some responsibility " for a £ 10.25 m loan to a football club which has never been repaid .
Truro City boss Gary Hodges says his side have " underachieved by a country mile " after relegation from the National League .
Bilkis Bano was just 19 years old when she was raped and murdered by a Hindu mob during the 2002 Gujarat riots in India 's western state of Gujarat .
Tributes have been paid to Fylde Ladies footballer Zoe Tynan who died after being hit by a train .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being " wilfully dishonest " over his pledge to cut immigration .
A collection of Victorian and Edwardian prams and other items belonging to a family business have sold at auction .
Sculptors are to be created to mark the 70th anniversary of the disbandment of the Devon , Dorset and Cornwall Regiments .
A football fan has been found guilty of trying to punch Crystal Palace 's mascot Kayla the Eagle at a FA Cup match .
Australian police have launched an investigation into the murder of an Australian lawyer who was a high - profile criminal lawyer .
Somalia 's Islamist militant group al - Shabab has condemned President Mohamed Farmajo 's decision to offer an amnesty to its fighters , saying it is a " dangerous move " .
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it will be " frightening " but " exciting " to lead the club back to the top flight of English football .
A university has been awarded a grant to help conserve some of the personal belongings of poet Edward Thomas .
Towns and cities across the north of England are to be given £ 15 m in government funding to boost their culture and technology sectors .
So what 's next for the Welsh parties ?
Flooding has hit parts of the UK , with thousands of homes and businesses forced to be evacuated .
Graeme McDowell was full of optimism on Thursday .
A driverless car that uses virtual buttons has been unveiled at CES in Las Vegas .
Birds ' immune system can stop a deadly fungus from infecting humans , scientists have discovered .
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of a £ 5 m windfall caused by the Libor rigging scandal .
BBC Persian staff in Iran have been subjected to " increased levels of intimidation and harassment " from the Iranian authorities in recent months , the BBC Persian director has said .
The Ulster - Scots language is one of Northern Ireland 's oldest and most important languages , dating back to the time of the Battle of the Somme .
Liverpool maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season as they beat Leicester City at Anfield .
DNA tests are to be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of Prince , a US judge has ruled .
India has condemned Pakistan 's decision to sentence an Indian navy officer to death for spying .
Apple has reported flat sales of iPhones for the first three months of the year and warned that revenues could fall in the next three months .
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized in the River Ness in the Highlands .
An extra £ 4.2 m has been pledged by the Welsh government to help repair the damage caused by winter storms .
Dagenham & Redbridge 's National League play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 3 - 0 at Chester .
Moody 's Investor Services has become the first of the big three credit rating agencies to warn that it may lower the UK 's credit rating following the referendum result .
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Barry Hawkins 10 - 1 in the first round of the UK Championship at the Crucible .
Millions of savers in the UK are struggling to make ends meet as interest rates continue to fall .
Scotland scrum - half Alex Fife is one of seven players to be released by Edinburgh as the Pro 12 club announce the departure of six more players .
A vintage Ferrari has been fined for blocking a photographer 's access to the Mews in central London .
The case for raising interest rates is still some way from being made , Bank of England chief economist Andy Haldane has said .
Pupils in Northern Ireland are more likely to be happy with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK .
A man who carried out a " frightening and traumatic " robbery at a post office in Edinburgh has been jailed for seven years .
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 10 years for encouraging support for so - called Islamic State .
The developer of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) of publishing " unrealistic and grossly misleading " figures on the impact of the scheme on fish .
The bodies of two people have been found in the rubble of a building hit by an explosion and fire in New York City on Saturday , officials say .
The public hearings into the death of former MP Lord Janner are to be delayed until next year , a public inquiry has been told .
Voters in Hong Kong go to the polls on Sunday to elect their new district councillors , in the first elections since last year 's Umbrella Movement .
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve is to sue a policewoman who says she was ordered by the government to report the presence of national police on the seafront during the Nice attack .
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would be prepared to leave the League One club if chairman Paul Scally decided to sack him .
Hundreds of people have attended services in London to mark Anzac Day , marking the centenary of the Gallipoli landings .
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says his side 's Champions League semi - final win over Porto was " the most important game of my life " .
Residents in Surrey are being encouraged to recycle " weird and wonderful " items such as a 3 ft ( 1.5 m ) long teddy bear and a 2 ft ( 60 cm ) rabbit by the council .
Israel 's Jerusalem planning committee has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem .
An agreement in principle has been reached to end a dispute over the minimum wage on Northern Isles cargo boats .
Detectives investigating the murder of Jean McConville in 1972 have been given access to tapes of a loyalist who gave evidence to a US university history project .
The government has been accused of " blind panic " after it asked civil servants to be drafted in to help deal with planned strikes at UK borders .
A bill to lower the legal drink - driving limit in England and Wales has been backed by health experts who say it would save hundreds of lives .
Tata Steel has announced it is to mothball parts of its steelmaking plant in Newport .
A murder investigation has been launched after a body was found in woodland .
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox says he may need to " be patient " with striker Joe Cook after the striker turned down a new deal at the club .
Cornish Pirates have extended the contracts of scrum - half Nick Pope , full - back Laurence May and centre Tom Moyle until the end of the season .
MPs have failed in a last - ditch attempt to amend the same - sex marriage bill , which is being debated in the Commons .
The Indian - administered Kashmir state of Jammu and Kashmir has banned lavish weddings .
More than 1,000 people have been charged with drugs offences in Northern Ireland over the past six months , according to police figures .
Scientists in the US say they have identified chemicals from sweetgrass that could be used to repel mosquitoes .
A stained glass window at a church which depicts World War Two battlefields has been damaged by vandals .
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is set to leave the club at the end of the season , BBC Sport understands .
Mae rheithgor ysgol yn Rhagfyr yng Nghymru yn cael ei defnyddio gan fysiau yn y digwyddiad yn ôl yr angen .
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the Northern Ireland secretary of state , MLAs and MPs in a bid to stop education cuts .
Two more people have been re - arrested in connection with a dog attack on a 15-year - old girl in Kent .
Marcus Trescothick hit a double century for Somerset but Nottinghamshire took control on day two at Taunton .
Ghana 's government has fined a private company $ 1.5 m ( Â£1.1 m ) for overspending on refurbishing buses and branding them in the name of the president .
The story of Pte John Parr , the first British soldier to die in World War One , begins with his mother 's desperate plea for help .
Scotland scrum - half Andrew Strauss says the departure of head coach Vern Cotter has given his side an extra incentive to win the Six Nations .
President : Alassane Ouattara .
The US astronaut who 's been living on the International Space Station for more than a year is about to break another record .
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Marvin Verheydt from Dutch club FC Maastricht for an undisclosed fee .
An astronaut on board the International Space Station has played bagpipes on board for the first time in space .
Rangers missed the chance to go top of the Premiership as they were held to a draw by St Johnstone .
Somalia 's youngest ever minister has been shot dead by security forces in a " friendly fire " accident , officials say .
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car in Australia suffered a " forgotten baby syndrome " , an inquest has heard .
Retired US General David Petraeus , the former CIA director and top US military commander in Afghanistan and Iraq , says the fight against Islamic State ( IS ) in Iraq must have a " political component " .
Russia 's biggest newspaper , Novaya Gazeta , says it has been threatened with " retribution " by Muslim clerics in Chechnya after it reported that gay people were being persecuted in the republic .
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued for allegedly misleading visitors into paying the full $ 25 ( Â£20 ) admission fee .
A member of staff was seriously injured in a robbery at a Borders Post Office .
British number two Heather Watson has parted company with her coach Roberto Veronelli after less than two years in charge of her on the WTA tour .
Taylor Swift has been one of the most successful artists of the last few years , but she 's also been a bit of a controversial figure .
Sally Bercow and the Queen 's granddaughter , Zara Tindall , have been added to the line - up for the second series of The Great British Winter Games .
Sudan 's President Omar al - Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major reshuffle just days after taking office .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has admitted Samir Nasri is " a little bit overweight " and hopes the midfielder will be fit for the start of the new season .
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been banned for three games after being found guilty of violent conduct by the Football Association .
Six members of Australia 's Olympic swimming team have admitted they took a banned prescription drug during a " bonding exercise " before the Games .
England 's Luke Donald is three shots off the lead after two rounds of the WGC - Cadillac Championship in Florida after a two - under - par 65 on day two .
The Bank of England 's Funding for Lending Scheme ( FLS ) has come to an end .
More than a third of residents in a village in the Lake District have objected to plans to build up to 1,000 homes .
The leader of South Africa 's main opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) party has announced she is to stand down from her post .
Passengers are being warned to expect disruption to their train journeys as a major engineering project gets under way .
Clashes have broken out between Islamic State ( IS ) militants and Kurdish fighters in the Syrian town of Kobane , near the Turkish border .
A former health chief has called for more investment in the NHS after being unable to get cancer treatment in Wales .
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Professional Footballers ' Association World XI .
A shoplifter has become so popular with shoppers that he has his own Facebook page .
Northern Ireland manager John Macphee says he is " proud " and " disappointed " that Scotland failed to qualify for Euro 2016 .
A health trust which runs five hospitals in Kent has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages and poor facilities .
Thousands of animals at London Zoo are being counted as part of their annual count .
A row has broken out between an MP and a councillor over the opening of a Coca - Cola shop in Leicester .
Police have released CCTV footage of a man they want to speak to in connection with a burglary at a house in Bedfordshire .
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93 .
Egyptian judoka Ahmed El Shehaby was booed by the crowd after refusing to shake the hand of his opponent in the men 's -57 kg judo final at the Rio Olympics .
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino will appear in court on Monday after being found guilty of drink - driving .
Scottish boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering " severe bleeding and swelling to his brain " during a fight .
There is " no threat whatsoever " to " hard working Polish , Hungarian and other EU citizens " working in the UK , the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said .
Two disabled people have taken the government to court in a legal challenge over delays in processing their benefits .
Plans to encourage more people to walk or cycle in Wales have been published by the Welsh government .
The Cassini spacecraft has been flying around Saturn for the past year , trying to find life on another planet .
Women 's Super League One side Orlando City have signed five - time world player of the year Marta .
Hamilton Academical moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Belfast is enjoying a boom in the number of cruise ship visitors .
Former Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed Australia 's ambassador to the United States .
An American man who was shot by a gunman on a train has been awarded France 's highest honour , the Legion d'honneur , for his role in stopping the attack .
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in Africa last year has said she wants to help free a man who has been wrongly accused of involvement in the crime .
Shares in some of the world 's biggest companies were briefly listed at a price of $ 123.47 on the US stock exchange Nasdaq .
Welsh Water has launched a new tariff which it says could cut bills for some of its poorest customers .
Nick Clegg has said the Liberal Democrats would introduce a " Young Person 's Bus Pass " to help young people access education and training if they win power .
The row between Madonna and BBC Radio 1 has n't been about her new album .
Counter - terrorism officers from the North East Counter - Terrorism Unit have arrested four men in the north - east of England .
Lloyds Banking Group has announced the closure of 100 more branches across the UK , bringing the total number of branches it will close to more than 200 .
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Blackmore Vale in Gloucestershire to run up a hill with a giant cheese .
A road in Cornwall which was closed after a landslide caused by heavy rain two years ago is to be resurfaced .
An artificial intelligence program developed at a US university is taking on the world 's best poker players in a new contest .
The UK has a unique opportunity to bring the US and Europe together , not take sides .
Macclesfield 's National League game against Dover has been postponed because of standing water on the pitch .
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked by President Donald Trump .
England 's preparations for Euro 2016 suffered a setback as they were beaten by the Netherlands at Wembley .
A charity set up in memory of a teenager who was murdered 16 years ago is to end after 16 years .
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of terrorism offences .
A 19-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the London Bridge terror attack , police have said .
Cardiff City are not in a rush to offer Peter Whittingham a new contract .
Hospitals across Northern Ireland are experiencing " unprecedented " pressures , a health board has said .
Trench coats - wearing Aquascutum , the UK 's oldest fashion brand , is set to be sold .
Captain Jonny Evans scored a 93rd - minute winner as West Brom came from behind to beat 10-man Stoke at The Hawthorns .
Reindeer and other mammals are particularly sensitive to bright flashes of light emitted by power lines , scientists have discovered .
Japan 's Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK , creating thousands of jobs .
Northern Ireland Attorney General John Larkin has " gone too far " and should resign , Sinn Féin 's Gerry McCann has said .
More than 10,000 people die every year from animal tuberculosis , according to a new report .
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences at a former boarding school .
Margo MacDonald has launched a new bid to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland .
Plans to expand a multi - million pound shopping and restaurant development have been approved by councillors .
Human remains found in a river in the US state of New Mexico have been identified as those of an 80-year - old man who went missing while searching for a buried treasure .
Three seaside piers in Lancashire have been put up for sale .
The number of candidates standing for election in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has risen to 228 .
France will continue to send troops to Mali until the end of the year , the defence minister has said , as the country continues to battle Islamist militants .
Two men have been found liable for the 1998 Omagh bombing by the High Court in Belfast .
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in a park in Dundee .
A 17-year - old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit and killed in Manchester .
South Africa 's governing African National Congress ( ANC ) has condemned as " unacceptable and shocking " a new cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a womaniser .
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset which was used to defend London from German air raids has been given listed status .
David Cameron 's father Ian , who was born with both legs deformed , has died at the age of 89 , Downing Street has confirmed .
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike in public hospitals for a second day in a dispute over pay .
Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race faces a " near certainty " of disaster in the next 10,000 years .
Actress Joan Collins , who was made a dame in the Queen 's New Year 's honours list , has said she would never take an honour from the monarch .
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff .
A 90-year - old mobility scooter rider was taken to hospital by police after getting stuck on a motorway .
Nick Kyrgios needs to " work harder at his game " if he is to become a top player and win Grand Slams , says John McEnroe .
A man who raped a woman as she walked home after a night out has lost an appeal against his sentence .
Uganda 's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a bill that would make it a crime to be gay .
A times table check for 11-year - olds in England is to go ahead , Education Secretary Nick Gibb has confirmed .
A man from Sheffield has become the first person in the UK to successfully grow a grape in a greenhouse .
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph hit half - centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast in Cardiff .
Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa , has a reputation for being one of the world 's poorest countries , and it 's easy to see why .
A police force has apologised after winning a sandcastle competition with an image of a woman with a " large bottom " and breasts .
Great Britain missed out on a place in the men 's 4x100 m relay final at the World Championships after a baton change in the semi - finals .
The only " sensible plan " for the HS2 high - speed rail project is to abandon the project altogether , an MP has said .
Cornelius Gurlitt , the German art dealer who amassed a huge collection of paintings believed to have been looted by the Nazis , has died at the age of 90 .
A Grangemouth - based engineering firm is to create up to 100 new jobs after securing funding from UK Steel Enterprise Scotland .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has cut its forecast for the UK budget deficit for the next parliament .
The family of a three - year - old boy who received a liver transplant from his father have said the operation was " satisfactory " .
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Wardle on loan until the end of the season .
China 's consumer prices rose at a slower - than - expected rate in September , adding to signs that the world 's second largest economy is losing steam .
Hull City have broken their transfer record to sign striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for £ 10 m and winger Hatem Ben Arfa from Newcastle for an undisclosed fee .
US comedian Chris Rock has filed for divorce .
At least 11 people have been killed in South Africa 's Western Cape province as strong winds and heavy rain hit the city of Cape Town .
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel " betrayed " after cladding on the building failed fire tests .
Binge - watching has been named as the word of the year by the Collins English Dictionary .
Daniel Radcliffe says he is " by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet " .
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left " frustrated beyond belief " by the decision to award Celtic a late free - kick in their 3 - 1 Scottish Premiership defeat .
A global tracking system used by some of the world 's biggest companies is vulnerable to attack , according to a security researcher .
A TV signal - based " radar " system could be used to track aircraft flying over the UK , according to research published in the journal Science .
US President - elect Donald Trump has said that trade will be a top priority in his first 100 days in the White House .
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport were suspended for several hours after a drone was spotted near the runway .
South Africa 's competition commission has launched an investigation into the rigging of the country 's foreign exchange market .
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has called on AMs to stop using " aggressive " language in their Brexit debates , saying it could worsen tensions .
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two - year deal after he left Chesterfield .
An emergency department at a hospital where a patient died and a patient was left sitting on a bedpan for an hour has been criticised by inspectors .
Britain 's Chris Froome finished second on stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine as he continued his preparations for the Tour de France .
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media over its handling of an anti - doping investigation , saying it was " hugely disappointing " .
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the US PGA Championship at Baltusrol because of a back injury sustained in a fall at his Florida home .
The port at Invergordon is being used as part of the construction of a major offshore wind farm .
The Chancellor Philip Hammond has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by small businesses .
Rugby 's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time at a permanent home .
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked .
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a Hillsborough charity out of £ 1,000 .
A World War One medal found in a field in Gwynedd has been reunited with the family of a soldier who served in the conflict .
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers ' Association .
Lyon defender Bruno Lopes was injured when a firecracker exploded near him during a French Ligue 1 match at Metz .
Adele 's new single , Hello , has become the fastest - selling single of the year in the UK , after being released on Friday .
Plans for a " vertical pier " on the north - east coast of England have been approved by councillors .
One of the Paris attackers who carried out the attacks on 13 November has been buried in a secret ceremony , French media report .
Croatian Jews are boycotting a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Jasenovac Nazi death camp in central Croatia .
Frank Mulholland is to stand down as Scotland 's top law officer .
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote later on whether to allow a private company to continue repairing council vehicles .
The number of criminal trials in Scotland 's sheriff courts has improved since the closure of 17 courts , according to a report .
A woman has admitted murdering three men found dead in Cambridgeshire .
A man has described the " devastating " damage caused to his cars by flash flooding in Fife .
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be switched off for the first time in more than 100 years .
Nottinghamshire all - rounder Dan Christian has signed a new two - year deal with the county for the T20 Blast .
Two senior council leaders have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud at two councils .
Gibraltar is home to some of the world 's oldest and best - known tourist attractions , such as the Roman amphitheatre , the British Museum and the Rock of Gibraltar , but for many tourists it is just another tourist destination .
League One side Ipswich Town have signed Portsmouth defender Josh Webster for a club record fee of £ 1.5 m and loaned midfielder Jack Clarke to the League Two club for an undisclosed fee .
The number of student doctors training places in England is to be doubled , the government has announced .
Prosecutors in Mexico have begun exhuming the remains of more than 1,000 bodies from a mass grave in the western state of Morelos .
Nottinghamshire all - rounder Paul Onions took five wickets as Yorkshire clinched the County Championship title with victory at Trent Bridge .
He 's one of the biggest names in tennis , he 's a former Wimbledon semi - finalist and now he 's out of the tournament .
La La Land , starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling , has won the People 's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival .
Harry Pincher , who has died at the age of 100 , was one of Britain 's best - known spies .
The Carpenters ' co - founder Richard Carpenter is suing the record label that has released the band 's music for more than 50 years in a dispute over digital royalties .
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim last week have made a fresh appeal for information about three separate incidents in Belfast .
Dan Holman scored a hat - trick as Cheltenham moved to the top of the National League with a comfortable win over Woking .
India 's Sahitya Akademi , the country 's leading literary institution , has condemned recent attacks on writers in the country .
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand on suspicion of helping to run the dark web marketplace Silk Road .
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Peterborough at Boundary Park .
Two Londonderry - based water rescue charities have been awarded more than £ 40,000 in funding .
A few weeks ago , Rangers defender Jonny Foster was on his way home from a pre - season training session with his son when he was confronted by a fan who had just watched his team lose to Aberdeen .
The education secretary has asked Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools it has identified in the West Midlands .
The new chief constable of Hampshire and Isle of Wight Police has been named as Jo Pinkney .
Tom Walsh kicked Catalans Dragons to their first Super League win of the season as they came from behind to beat Hull FC .
A van driver has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery in Edinburgh .
Google is to allow advertisers to measure the impact of its adverts on high street sales using data it has collected from shoppers .
Oxford United will be without injured midfielders Jack Payne ( hamstring ) and James Collins ( ankle ) .
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has signed a new five - year contract with the Italian champions , keeping him at the club until 2021 .
One of the UK 's best - known bookshops is facing a £ 1.5 m repair bill to ensure it stays standing .
Former Manchester United winger Nani says Valencia 's players are struggling to get to grips with life back in La Liga .
One of the UK 's top trade negotiators has told the BBC that he wants Britain to have as free a trade deal with the European Union as possible after Brexit .
Plans for a new visitor centre at Yorkshire Sculpture Park ( YSP ) have been unveiled as part of a £ 4.5 m redevelopment .
A terminally ill man has begun a legal bid to change the law to allow him to end his own life .
A magnitude 7.1 earthquake has struck off the coast of Vanuatu in the Pacific Ocean .
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital , Damascus , the state news agency Sana says .
A dog with its tail docked and its claws removed has been found abandoned on a road in Kent .
A Cardiff - based IT company has announced plans to create 300 new jobs .
A judge in Lebanon has ordered the arrest of six people involved in an operation to " recovery " two Australian children allegedly abducted by their mother .
That 's why so many Labour MPs feared a miscalculation when their party 's leader brought his old comrade and former deputy Ed Miliband back into the leadership .
Scientists have created a database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs in cities and towns across the world .
A woman has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a house in south London .
On this week 's Disability Works we look at some of the latest technology innovations which could make life easier for disabled people .
It might not seem like the sort of thing you would expect to find in a postman 's box .
The UK is considering whether to launch air strikes against so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in Syria .
Chelsea Ladies reached the Women 's Champions League second qualifying round for the first time with a 1 - 0 win over Glasgow City at Stamford Bridge .
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Adlington has opened a new £ 1.5 m swimming pool and sports centre in Wrexham .
An Australian court has ruled that internet service providers ( ISPs ) can not release details of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film .
Sprinter Sacre , the Champion Chase winner at the 2013 Cheltenham Festival , has been retired .
The Prison Officers ' Association ( POA ) has agreed a deal with the government to end a dispute over pay and conditions .
Researchers at Dundee University are seeking volunteers to take part in a study into the health effects of electronic cigarettes .
The date of the referendum on the UK 's membership of the European Union is one of the most hotly debated issues in British politics .
Sainsbury 's has reported a drop in sales in the third quarter , as it continues to struggle to compete with discount discount chains .
More than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation ( CSE ) are being investigated by West Yorkshire Police .
Glasgow School of Art 's ( GSA ) fundraising appeal to restore its fire - damaged Mackintosh building has received a further £ 500,000 donation .
The Co - operative Group has warned that it is unlikely to declare any dividends for the next three years as it continues its turnaround .
The body of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in Manila to be buried with full military honours , President Rodrigo Duterte says .
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire .
A man has been charged in connection with the death of a man who was found injured at a caravan park .
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain cycling team for the European Road Championships .
The 2011 riots in England and Wales could have been avoided if police had acted more quickly , a group of MPs has said .
Microsoft has revealed details of the powerful hardware inside its forthcoming Xbox One Scorpio console .
There is no evidence to support the idea that women are reluctant to ask for a pay rise because they are afraid of upsetting their boss , a study of Australian workers suggests .
The Queen has pledged to work with the Welsh Government to establish a " strong and lasting devolution settlement " in Wales in the Queen 's Speech .
The NBA and video game maker Take - Two Interactive have announced a partnership to create a basketball e - sports league .
A " predatory and ruthless " paedophile who raped and sexually assaulted girls over a 30-year period has been jailed for life .
Barnsley have signed Wrexham winger Kayden Jackson on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
The Afghan government and the Taliban have been fighting for control of Sangin , a strategically important district in Helmand province for the past two years .
High winds and heavy rain have brought disruption to parts of Scotland as Storm Desmond sweeps across the country .
The United Nations ( UN ) has ended its project with Wonder Woman , which was criticised for its use of the character in a campaign to promote gender equality .
Mobile phone company Three has apologised after some of its customers were unable to make or receive calls or receive texts for several hours .
A 25-year - old man has been charged with dangerous driving after a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M25 in Kent .
A charity is trying to rehoming hundreds of hens that have been taken out of the commercial chicken industry .
GPs , counsellors and psychotherapists in England are to be banned from referring patients for gay conversion therapy .
A major road in central London has reopened after a burst water main caused a street to flood .
David Fox scored a late winner as Plymouth came from behind to beat League Two play - off hopefuls Mansfield .
The risk of a repeat of last year 's Christmas Day flood , in which a bridge collapsed , remains , a report has found .
Spain 's men 's rugby sevens team have qualified for the 2016 Olympic Games for the first time in their history after beating New Zealand in the World Rugby Sevens Series final .
A man accused of murdering his ex - partner told police he was trying to stop her from stabbing him with a kitchen knife , a court has heard .
A conservation charity is planning to open a national marine centre for Scotland in a bid to boost visitor numbers .
Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 90 .
A pregnant woman has told a court she had " no idea " 12 people were hidden in the back of a van while on a day trip to France .
Amnesty International has called on Saudi Arabia to halt the execution of dozens of people it is reported to be planning to put to death in the coming days .
A dissident republican group calling itself the IRA has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black .
The government has said it will reconsider the case of a woman who was refused permission to stay in the UK after her husband left the EU .
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State was asked to intervene in a row over the use of the word ' Derry ' in official letters in 1986 , a Stormont file has revealed .
Tim Peake and his team on the International Space Station found a hidden Space Invaders game while working on a project .
A Russian spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station ( ISS ) has been lost in orbit .
When the mother of a seriously ill son was admitted to hospital in the northern Vietnamese city of Hanoi last month , her only option was to bribe the doctor to refer him to a private clinic .
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed in a fire caused by a controlled explosion has said he is " lucky to be alive " .
Castleford Tigers moved seven points clear at the top of Super League with a hard - fought victory over St Helens .
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland ( MBA ) has urged hillwalkers to help clear up litter left in mountain bothies .
An MP has apologised after posting a post on social media which appeared to link type 1 diabetes with obesity .
A 14-year - old schoolgirl who campaigned for girls ' education in Pakistan 's Swat Valley has been shot in the head by a Taliban gunman .
A lorry has crashed into the front of a house , causing major disruption to rail and road services .
( Close ) : US stocks closed at record highs on Friday after the latest jobs report showed the US economy added more than expected in July .
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is pleased with the progress his side have made ahead of the World Cup .
A memorial to Jersey 's soldiers who died during World War One has been unveiled in France .
The first of the missing Chibok schoolgirls to be rescued in north - east Nigeria has been reunited with her parents , the military says .
US carmaker Hyundai Motor has offered financial help to federal employees who have been affected by the government shutdown .
Debbie Sen is a fan of shopping online .
A man survived a " rare " cardiac arrest after paramedics had to shock him 17 times with a defibrillator .
Five Conservative MPs and five Labour peers have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target .
A teenager has been charged after a man was stabbed in Aberdeen .
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump in Washington later this month , Downing Street has confirmed .
Taoiseach ( Irish prime minister ) Brian Cowen has apologised for the " hoarseness " of his voice in a TV interview on Tuesday .
The family of a soldier found dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 21 years ago have won a fresh inquest into his death .
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris James has been awarded an honorary degree by the University of East Anglia in Norwich .
A derelict bowling pavilion at a Cumbrian park is to be turned into a museum .
An investigation has been launched after a fire service missed a 15-minute response time to a blaze in Suffolk .
Former Liverpool striker John St John believes some of his former team - mates have dementia as a result of playing football .
Bradford City 's League One play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Shrewsbury .
Plans to cut funding for Welsh language broadcaster S4C have been put on hold while a review into its future is completed .
Singer Gary Barlow surprised shoppers in Manchester by turning up at a shopping centre disguised as a magician .
A Rwandan court has sentenced a man to life in prison for inciting violence during the country 's 1994 genocide to death .
The Washington Post 's Tehran bureau chief has gone on trial in Iran on charges of spying and spreading propaganda against the government .
England 's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood share the lead after the second round of the US Open as the world 's top three players missed the cut for the first time since 1986 .
Sale Sharks director of rugby Les Cotton says they need to " rebuild " the club 's infrastructure if they are to attract new fans .
A cervical cancer patient from Northern Ireland who lost her hair after being diagnosed with the condition has said it was a " no brainer " to join a UK clinical trial .
A black comedy directed by Robert Carlyle is to open the Edinburgh International Film Festival ( EIFF ) next month .
The mother of a three - year - old boy who died in a car fire has been charged with his manslaughter .
BBC Rewind looks back at the history of equal pay in the UK .
Blackpool missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester .
The Japan Society of Northern Ireland is one of the oldest and largest groups of its kind in the UK .
A project has been launched to create 3D renderings of artefacts lost in the Iraqi city of Mosul after it was destroyed by the 2003 US - led invasion .
The family of a student who died in a car crash have said they are " extremely proud " of her achievements after she achieved the top grades in her life sciences course .
The government is preparing to cut renewable energy subsidies , the BBC understands .
At the scene of Friday 's attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano , where at least 188 people were killed and hundreds more injured , the mood is one of anger .
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former Oldham Athletic boss Paul Dunn as their new head coach .
The number of people with mental health problems attending accident and emergency units in England has more than doubled in the past five years , figures show .
The US has condemned as " deeply troubling " Israel 's plans to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank .
( Close ) : The pound fell against the dollar and the euro , while shares in Barclays fell after US authorities sued the bank for alleged mortgage securities fraud .
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son .
A man has died in a house fire in west Belfast .
( Close ) : Shares in advertising giant WPP and energy company National Grid were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 after announcing disappointing results .
Wakefield Trinity have signed Newcastle Knights centre Tyler Walker on a two - year deal for the 2018 season .
Myanmar 's military says a UN report accusing it of crimes against humanity in its crackdown on the Rohingya Muslim minority was " wrong " .
Three men have been convicted of the murder of a man who was shot dead outside a pub in Greater Manchester .
Invest NI , the Northern Ireland Executive 's plan to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland , is facing a major challenge .
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the president of Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) for the bombing of a hospital in Afghanistan that killed more than 100 people last month .
Leinster moved up to fourth in the Pro12 with a dominant second - half display as they beat Connacht at the RDS .
Former BBC presenter Peter Robinson has described Highways England 's plans for a tunnel at Stonehenge as a " high - class Disneyland experience " .
Broadchurch is to end after three series , ITV has announced .
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points with a comfortable win over Atletico Madrid .
Wrexham are interested in signing Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club .
Toyota has announced a £ 100 m upgrade of its UK car plant , which it says will create 400 jobs .
As Hungary prepares to go to the polls on Sunday for parliamentary elections , the BBC 's Mark Lowen reports from Budapest .
The owner of a yacht has been airlifted to hospital after an explosion on a beach in the Highlands .
Further Education and Learning ( DEL ) Minister Stephen Farry has decided to use his department 's budget to fund redundancies in the further education sector .
Shutter Speed , ridden by Frankie Dettori , won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury in a photo finish in a rain - affected race .
Sunderland defender Christian Kirchhoff will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell is among the top 10 listed buildings in England in need of help , a charity has said .
A US soldier charged with the attempted murder of a police officer in Afghanistan has been released on bail and is due to appear in court in Washington state later .
Super League footballer Paul Tickle is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Manchester .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a street .
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final Euro 2016 warm - up game .
Boris Johnson has been at the centre of the UK 's EU referendum debate for much of the past week - and he 's not the only one .
Former News of the World editors Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications .
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in Surrey .
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June for the first time since April , official figures have shown .
The Department of Health has announced an extra £ 1.5 m in funding to improve autism services .
A new £ 20 m swimming pool is to be built at Derby 's Moorways Leisure Centre , the city council has announced .
Den Haag have signed Magnus Johnsen from Hearts for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency , and scientists are working to develop a vaccine for the virus .
Three brothers from Rotherham have been jailed for life after being found guilty of a string of sex offences against teenage girls .
The brother of a man killed on Bloody Sunday has said it is " total disrespect " for those who died during the Troubles to break into a museum in Londonderry .
A senior Israeli police officer has been appointed to a new post aimed at improving policing in the Arab community .
A court in Egypt has suspended a constitutional assembly set up by parliament to draft a new constitution , saying it is " illegal and unconstitutional " .
MSPs on Holyrood 's finance committee have warned of a " significant level of complexity " in the Scottish government 's budget process .
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan .
The UK 's decision to vote to leave the European Union has provoked a range of reactions in the Baltic states .
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a train in south London .
Italy have appointed former Juventus boss Antonio Conte as their new coach on a three - year contract with a salary of £ 1.5 m a year .
Tributes have been paid to a footballer who was found dead at a hotel in Liverpool .
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into cybercrime .
Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo - Addo has won Ghana 's presidential election .
Dementia rates in men appear to be stabilising , according to new research .
A collection of photographs taken by a photographer who was part of the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s have gone on display in Leeds .
Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer , who is on a guaranteed salary of more than £ 300,000 a year at Major League Soccer club Sporting Kansas City , came to America on a soccer scholarship .
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the price of West End musical tickets , saying they are " incredibly reasonable " .
Essex spinner Dale Harmer says he was told he would probably never take four five - fers or 28 wickets in two games in the same season again after his latest five - for .
The killing of more than 1,000 people in the Rwandan capital , Rwanda , in 1994 has shocked the world .
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being " unlawfully detained " in care homes and hospitals , the Law Commission has said .
The number of district nurses looking after patients at home instead of in hospital has fallen by more than half in the past six years , according to a nursing union .
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £ 2.5 m revamp .
Long naps during the day may increase the risk of type-2 diabetes , a study suggests .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada 's governor general as they began their first official tour of the country .
A man has handed himself in to police after an armed siege at a Barclays bank in Birmingham .
Hospitals in England are paying hundreds of millions of pounds a year for cancer drugs that are too expensive to be dispensed on the NHS , research at the World Cancer Conference suggests .
Birmingham Bears fast bowler Joe Thornton has signed a new three - year contract with the Championship club .
Airlines in Nigeria are set to cut flights to and from the country because of a shortage of foreign currency .
Bookmakers have been accused of putting pressure on staff at high street betting shops to encourage customers to gamble on fixed - odds betting machines .
A man has been jailed for six months after he was caught with 10 knuckledusters , CS gas canisters and other weapons at Edinburgh Airport .
Swansea City defender Angel Rangel says Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has made his side the " best team in the UK " .
Championship leaders Leicester City have no new injury worries ahead of Saturday 's game against Derby County .
The body of a man has been found in a harbour in Dumfries .
Cardiff City striker Conor Pilkington believes the Bluebirds can challenge for promotion this season .
More than two - thirds of social housing tenants in Scotland want the right to buy their homes to be scrapped , according to new research .
If you are going to be a Republican presidential candidate , you have to understand that there are certain groups of voters that you can not cross .
Booking.com , one of the world 's biggest online travel booking websites , is facing a € 356 m ( Â£294 m ) tax bill from the French government .
The chief executive of Ashley Madison , the infidelity dating website , appears to have had his emails leaked in a hack attack , according to security experts .
New South Wales ' parliament has voted to describe US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a " revolting slug " .
The Welsh actor who plays Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has been honoured at the London Film Festival .
If you 're not at work catching up when you think the boss is n't looking , you 're quite likely to be on the sofa in front of the television .
David Cameron could face a " surge " in the number of migrants coming to the UK if his EU reform deal is approved , a leading Eurosceptic has warned .
Scientists in China say they have developed a gene - editing tool that can shrink tumours in mice .
Ghostbusters could be the start of a whole new series of films .
A Chinese army tank has crashed into a river during a training exercise , killing two soldiers and injuring four others .
Egypt 's new President Abdul Fattah al - Sisi has vowed to defeat terrorism and restore security in his first 100 days in office .
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of BBC Two 's Claudia on Film 2016 , the corporation has announced .
A convicted murderer has admitted attacking a man with an axe and knife at a Christmas party .
Yorkshire should have its own " White Rose Parliament " to decide its priorities , former cabinet minister David Blunkett has said .
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning during his son - in - law 's wedding ceremony .
Kirsty Bankier became the first player to win 10 Scottish National badminton titles with victory in the women 's doubles final at the Glasgow event .
Oxfordshire 's private sector would be " foolish " not to help the public sector if it is hit by cuts to public spending , a business leader has said .
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest .
Bydd Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Eryri yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn rhwng 4 - 12 Awst .
Tens of thousands of foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest against the government 's treatment of immigrants .
Wreaths will be laid at sites across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising .
US chip - maker Intel has reported a drop in profits for the third quarter of the year as demand for its computer chips continued to slow .
The future of the Scottish Football Association 's performance programme for pupils at performance schools is to be reviewed , according to new chief executive Martin McClair .
Celtic have been fined £ 100,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League defeat by Galatasaray .
Saracens and England lock George Kruis has been called up to the England squad for the first time since being cited for an alleged kick in Saturday 's win over Fiji .
Wigan Warriors have re - signed full - back Sam Tomkins from New Zealand Warriors on a two - year contract .
A six - year - old girl drowned in a Blackpool hotel swimming pool after being pulled from the water by a hotel guest , an inquest has heard .
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is expected to announce later this week that he will choose a vice - presidential running mate .
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man in connection with a shooting at a nudist beach in central Italy .
An outbreak of Dengue fever has been reported in Burkina Faso , with more than 1,000 cases reported in the past two weeks .
Former England batsman James Taylor and former Northamptonshire batsman David Sales have joined the county 's coaching staff .
The new chief inspector of public services in Wales has been appointed .
The parents of a mother - of - one who was stabbed to death in Naples have called on the Italian government to investigate her death .
Bangladesh has restored power supplies to most of the country after a major blackout that hit the country on Saturday .
Plans to merge railway policing in Scotland have been tabled at Holyrood .
No charges will be brought against a man accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year - old girl in Aberdeen .
Yum Brands , the owner of the KFC fast food chain , has reported better - than - expected sales growth in China , as it continues to spin off its China business .
Mexico 's interior minister , Luis Carlos Galindo , has been sacked over allegations that police used excessive force during a raid in which at least 50 people were killed .
A trial tram service has run for the first time in Manchester city centre as part of work to build a new tram stop .
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former York City and Southend United midfielder Adam Straker on a one - year deal .
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has unveiled a gold - plated toilet that it says is " a symbol of the American dream " .
The man in charge of Titanic Belfast 's visitors ' centre has said it is important that the attraction is not just a tourist attraction for Belfast .
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a huge Mexican drug smuggling network that was responsible for more than $ 2bn ( Â£1.5bn ) .
A vote to leave the European Union would have a " relatively small " economic impact on the UK , according to a report by the ratings agency Moody 's .
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo on a free transfer from Sporting Lisbon .
A mobile game being played by people with dementia could help researchers learn more about how the brain works .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 ended the day little changed , with shares in Dixons Carphone and WH Smith higher , but Royal Mail down .
The scale of sexual exploitation of children and young people in England is " unprecedented " , according to a new report .
Indonesians have been using social media to express their support for the people of Jakarta after a series of bomb attacks in the Indonesian capital .
The RSPCA has appealed for help to find the owner of a pony found badly injured in a remote part of Lincolnshire .
Northern Ireland 's new health minister has told the assembly that people in Northern Ireland need to make a radical change to the way they get healthcare .
The US has launched air strikes against Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Syria , the Pentagon says .
It was during the height of the war in Lebanon 's civil war in 2003 that David Barrett first realised he had a passion for animals .
Benedict Cumberbatch has told the BBC that he helped deliver a baby girl after being brought up with babies .
In many ways , the first Gulf War , which began in 1991 , is one of the defining moments of the Cold War .
A police force has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman .
The education commissioner for Wales and the commissioner for Welsh language and culture will hold a joint speech in Cardiff later .
The US space agency 's Juno probe has sent back its most detailed images of Jupiter yet .
A 25-year - old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was killed in a hit - and - run crash .
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton to a dominant victory in the Chinese Grand Prix as the Mercedes driver extended his lead in the world championship .
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has backed Seamus Eastwood in his bid to become the party 's next leader .
Actresses Michelle Dockery and Dominic West are to star in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse .
A California woman accused of conspiring to murder her boyfriend has been released on bail after raising more than $ 100 m ( Â£65 m ) in a crowdfunding campaign .
The father of a man shot and killed during anti - government protests in Venezuela has called on President Nicolás Maduro to help clear his son 's name .
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a one - day international hat - trick as Sri Lanka beat Australia in the second match of the series .
John Lewis has begun work on a £ 10 m revamp of its flagship store in Edinburgh city centre .
NatWest and RBS have warned their business customers that they could charge interest on their current accounts if the Bank of England turns the official interest rate negative .
A parking company is facing disciplinary action up to and including dismissal after a series of incidents in which drivers were charged for parking in the wrong time zone .
Jack Marriott scored a hat - trick for the second time in two games as Peterborough beat Rotherham to move up to second in League One .
Middlesex will begin their defence of the County Championship title at home to Essex on the opening day of the 2015 season .
Children 's author Helen Bailey may have been killed by a third party and drowned in a cesspit , a court has heard .
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother - of - three who went missing in Devon .
Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Jumanji movie , which will be released in cinemas in December .
Donald Trump , Jeremy Corbyn and Jose Mujica are two of the most authentic politicians of recent times .
Google is to invest £ 1bn in a new headquarters in London and plans to hire thousands more staff in the UK .
The UK will not start formal Brexit talks with the EU until October or November , the former president of the European Council has said .
It was a night that will live long in the memory at Anfield , a match that will be remembered as one of the greatest of all time .
Forest Green ended Halifax 's 13-match unbeaten run in the National League with victory at Cheltenham .
Fidel Castro brought revolution to Cuba in the 1950s and created the world 's first Communist state .
The father of a two - year - old British - Iranian toddler who is being held in Iran with his wife , who has been detained for more than a month , is to hold an event to try to bring her home .
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he became " obsessed " with her and " craved " sex with her .
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he will use his British and Irish Lions omission as motivation for the summer tour .
German police have arrested a man suspected of knowing Anis Amri , the Tunisian lorry attacker who carried out the Berlin lorry attack .
A man has been charged in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition in Edinburgh .
It is believed to be the first wedding on skis in Scotland .
Northern Ireland is the world 's biggest producer of poultry .
Stoke City have signed Fulham defender Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee .
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant at Dundee University have been closed after a fire .
Turkish police have detained the editor - in - chief of the main opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and several other staff after it published a story about the suspension of thousands of civil servants .
Oil prices have fallen sharply after the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) said demand for oil is likely to have peaked in the third quarter of the year .
Police in Milan have arrested four teenagers accused of carrying out a series of armed robberies in the Italian capital in the style of A Clockwork Orange .
The family of a man who died at Dignitas clinic in Switzerland have said he was " at peace and away from the fear " of death .
Harvard University has agreed to change the job titles of some of its house masters , after student protests over the use of the word " master " .
Back in the 1960s I used to give a speech at a school debating competition calling for Yorkshire to be independent .
Two giant Welsh dragons have arrived at Caernarfon Castle to mark St David 's Day .
Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg headed team - mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix , but the session was marred by two crashes .
Demonstrators in the US city of Charlotte , North Carolina , have been protesting against the police shooting of a black man in the city .
Cambridgeshire County Council has said it has " no such concerns " about bunting knitted to decorate the streets of Cambridge for the Tour de France .
The parents of Anni Dewani , a British woman shot dead in South Africa four years ago , say they are determined to find out the truth about what happened to their daughter .
The Danish shipping giant Maersk has said it is " pleased to learn " that the crew of a container ship that was seized in Iranian waters on Tuesday are safe .
The HS2 high speed rail link between London and Birmingham will cause more than 200 weekends of disruption , a campaign group says .
A Ugandan scientist has developed a new treatment for leukaemia , a rare form of cancer that can be treated with a simple pill .
Monaco 's Prince Jacques and his wife , Charlene , have given birth to twins , a boy and a girl , at a hospital in Monte Carlo .
Wilfried Bony scored twice and set up a third as Ivory Coast reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi - finals with victory over Algeria .
US astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six - month mission to the International Space Station .
Education Minister Huw Lewis has defended his decision to scrap a target to make Wales the best in the UK for GCSE results by 2021 .
With the transfer window set to close at the end of the month , agents and clubs are scrambling to finalise deals before the window closes .
It 's one of the most ambitious video game projects in history .
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Piers Piper will return for the show 's 50th anniversary special , it has been announced .
US President Donald Trump says he does not have any recordings of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey .
Scottish brewer BrewDog has launched its first crowdfunding round in the US to help fund expansion plans .
Residents of a new housing development in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had not moved in because of poor broadband .
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says Jacob Butterfield and Andreas Olsson will miss Saturday 's Championship opener against Brighton because of injury .
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines and stealing more than £ 200,000 from ATMs across Aberdeenshire .
Two directors of a turkey processing company in Newport have been jailed for food hygiene offences .
Two newly - elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the EU .
Glasgow - based department store chain Watt 's has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs as part of a major expansion plan .
The number of students who have been placed on to university courses through the so - called " clearing " system has hit a record high .
The killing of the Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour raises a number of questions .
New car sales in Scotland fell in March compared with the rest of the UK , according to new figures .
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of playing under new Norwich City manager Daniel Farke after his departure from Rangers .
Grimsby Town came from 2 - 0 down at half - time to beat Aldershot in the National League .
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have failed in a legal bid to have the governor and justice secretary banned from taking legal action .
Ross Wallace scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield Town at Hillsborough .
Welsh race walker Elinor Davies says it is " unbelievable " to have qualified for the 2017 World Championships in London .
The shortlist for this year 's Dylan Thomas Prize has been announced .
Mexico 's health ministry says it is investigating allegations that fake medicine was used to treat sick children in Veracruz state hospitals .
The parents of a soldier who died on an SAS selection march have said they are " extremely disappointed " the UK government has ruled out removing immunity from prosecution from the Ministry of Defence when it is censured .
A petition calling for revenge porn victims to be given the right to anonymity has been handed to the government .
Shrewsbury Town defender Emmanuel Ogogo could be fit for the start of the League One play - off semi - final against Chesterfield on Saturday .
Two care home workers have been given a 12-month community order for the " grossly negligent " neglect of an elderly woman who later died .
The Football Association of England and Scotland have said they will accept a Fifa ban on players wearing poppies on armbands during their game against Northern Ireland .
Cornish Pirates have signed former England Under-20 international scrum - half Alex Davies on a two - year contract .
Swine flu vaccine Pandemrix may have been linked to narcolepsy in children in the UK , a study suggests .
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat during a break - in at his home in South Lanarkshire .
For miles around , the green hills and rolling hills of the Yorkshire Dales can be seen in the distance .
All photographs by Hugh Kinsella Cunningham .
Mauritius Prime Minister Charles Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after 35 years in power , paving the way for his son to take over .
An Indian soldier who was seriously injured in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian - administered Kashmir last week has regained consciousness , the army says .
Claire Gwynne , who was paralysed from the chest down after a fall from a horse in 2006 , is preparing to run the London marathon using a robotic walking suit .
Human remains found on a motorway in Shropshire have been identified by police .
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live Beatles music .
The prime minister has said he will consider the case for more money for police investigations into Troubles - related crimes .
If you 're a farmer , you 'll know that rain is very important for your crops .
The wife and mother of the " Prince of Sealand " who led a pirate state off the Suffolk coast has died at the age of 90 .
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne was among hundreds of ex - MPs given access to the Houses of Parliament while he was serving a prison sentence for fraud .
A house in Aberdeenshire has been destroyed by fire .
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the party 's campaign for Scottish independence was " flawed " over currency during the 2014 referendum .
Birmingham City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side for not holding on to their lead in the 2 - 2 draw with Preston .
US President Donald Trump 's response to allegations that he shared classified information with Russian officials during a meeting at the White House has been a mixed bag .
Maxime Biamou scored a hat - trick as Sutton ended their winless run with a comfortable victory over Gateshead .
Canada and the European Union have failed to reach an agreement on a landmark free trade deal after Belgium rejected it .
The family of a man who died in a crash on the M1 in which two other people were killed have called for a change in the law to protect older drivers .
Worcestershire 's teenage all - rounder Luke Tongue produced a superb spell of bowling to help his side fight back against Glamorgan at New Road .
Trade union leaders have called for co - ordinated industrial action against the government 's " savage and opportunistic attack " on public services .
A new species of reptile has been identified from fossilised footprints made in the Pyrenees mountains in Spain about 250 million years ago .
Two people have been found dead at a house in Stirling .
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world has been visiting Auschwitz - Birkenau , one of the Nazi concentration camps where more than one million Jews were killed during World War Two .
Glamorgan captain Jacques Rudolph says the senior players have been told to " stand up " for the team after a second successive County Championship defeat .
An Italian woman has died after two foetuses died when a gynaecologist refused to abort them during a miscarriage , her family says .
Fleetwood Mac will headline the 2015 Isle of Wight Festival .
A torso found in the waters off the Danish island of Amager is that of a missing journalist , police say .
French President Francois Hollande has named 67-year - old Philippe Ayrault as his prime minister , the Elysee Palace says .
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing the theft of trade secrets in cyberspace .
Mae Gogledd Cymru wedi cyrraedd y pedwerydd safle ar y 10 uchaf ar draws y byd , yn ôl Ysgrifennydd yr Economi , Ken Skates .
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department ahead of next season .
The two centre - right contenders for the French presidency have clashed over social and economic reforms in a TV debate ahead of Sunday 's first round of voting .
A man and a woman have been rescued from the Brecon Beacons National Park after getting into difficulty at the foot of the Snowdonia Ridge .
England captain Alastair Cook hit a career - best double century on the final day of the first Test against Pakistan to leave the match level at 1 - 1 .
West Sussex 's police and crime commissioner ( PCC ) has called for the county 's two fire services to be brought under her authority .
Chelsea Ladies made it two wins from two in the Women 's Super League One Spring Series as they beat Yeovil Town and Sunderland drew with Arsenal .
Plymouth Argyle have re - signed striker David Dugdale on a two - year deal and brought in defender Joe Cole on a one - year contract following his release by Wrexham .
The Church of England 's first woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster .
British champion and 2008 Olympic bronze medallist Hannah Graddon has retired from diving .
Two people have been arrested in Wrexham following a security alert in the city centre .
Astronomers from around the world have been competing for this year 's Sky Photographer of the Year award .
Mae e - bost yn dweud ei fod wedi clywed bod cefnogaeth yn Llandaf i Dr [ Jeffrey ] John ac felly " petai ymgeiswyr eraill yn cael eu cyn
An Australian court has thrown out the approval of a giant coal mine project , but it is just the latest in a long line of environmental setbacks for developers .
Former Monty Python star Bill Jones has been honoured at the Welsh Television Awards with the Sian Phillips award .
Nigeria will be represented at this year 's African Women 's Footballer of the Year awards .
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will stand down from his post at the end of June .
Two Afghan soldiers have been shot dead by a member of the Nato - led coalition in southern Afghanistan , the alliance says .
Scientists are attempting to map the wiring of a baby 's brain while it is still growing in the womb .
Voters in London will go to the polls on 5 May to choose their preferred MP for the London Assembly .
The UK is to build the spacecraft that will carry the Solar Orbiter mission to the Sun .
Fewer than half of nurseries and childminders in England will be able to provide 30 hours of free childcare for three and four - year - olds , a survey suggests .
Britain 's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the mixed doubles final of the Badminton World Championships with victory in the semi - finals in Singapore .
When it comes to Paralympic sport , there are few countries that can match the achievements of Ukraine .
Asian shares were lower on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek general election , which is expected to be the country 's first since the country defaulted on its debt .
A man has admitted killing an 11-year - old girl in a hit - and - run crash in Glasgow .
An Islamic court in Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for homosexual offences in the northern city of Bauchi .
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder James MacDonald on loan until the end of the season .
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he is " absolutely committed " to the club and will not be distracted by speculation linking him with the England job .
Community hydro energy projects in Wales are being hit hard by business rates rises which are costing them hundreds of thousands of pounds .
The North East will be a key battleground for the Conservatives at their party conference later this month .
Formula 1 bosses have come up with a raft of changes to the cars , engines and tyres for 2017 that will make the sport a much more exciting and exciting place to watch .
A five - year - old boy is in hospital with severe burns to his foot after he stepped on a barbecue that had been dumped on a beach .
Photographs of some of the UK 's most famous council tower blocks are to be digitised as part of a project to preserve the country 's post - war housing heritage .
An 18-year - old man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was attacked in west Belfast .
A senior Labour MP has called on Home Secretary Theresa May to ban two " incendiary " US anti - Islam campaigners from the UK .
Worcestershire 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the County Championship were dealt a blow on day three against Kent at Canterbury .
A man has been arrested after a man died in a crash on the M1 in Surrey .
Singer Phil Collins has donated his collection of items relating to the Battle of the Alamo to the state of Texas .
Chancellor of the Exchequer Boris Johnson is to call on universities to explain why some vice - chancellors earn more than the prime minister .
A new cyber security group has been set up in north Wales to help people and businesses stay safe from cyber attacks .
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for an independent investigation into the killing of five civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre by security forces .
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising as a naturopathy doctor for the second time in less than a year .
Alastair Cook is used to being criticised .
Workers ' union Unite has said it has been assured the new owners of Bernard Matthews will honour its pension arrangements .
Neetu Kewlani is a human rights activist from the western Indian city of Kolkata ( Calcutta ) .
Plans to close regional police control rooms across Scotland are unlikely to be adhered to , according to police .
Mae'r wlad yn dod at ei gilydd yn dilyn pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth gynnal trafodaethau yn y Undeb Ewropeaidd yn San Ste
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a 10-foot ( 3.5 m ) python that escaped from a Florida home .
The UK 's economy is likely to grow at its slowest pace since the financial crisis in 2008 , according to a new forecast .
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Diego Macheda on loan .
Workers at Caterpillar 's Northern Ireland factories have been told they are to find out on Thursday if they will lose their jobs .
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition against plans to sell off allotments in Leatherhead to make way for 500 houses .
Cardiff City defender Sean Morrison says the Bluebirds need to learn lessons after conceding three late goals in their last three Championship games .
Children as young as 14 are taking stimulant laxatives to help them lose weight , a charity has warned .
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire made a solid start against Derbyshire at Derby .
The number of people over the age of 65 in the world has risen by more than 20 % in the past five years , according to official figures .
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side must improve if they are to challenge for the County Championship title after losing to Middlesex .
A former All - Ireland football and club footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £ 500,000 from a quarry firm .
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year - old boy was stabbed during a fight in West Sussex .
British amateur Andrew Gregory has spent the past four years studying the Augusta National course in preparation for his Masters debut .
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) are not confident about reporting hate crimes , according to a charity .
Easyjet and IAG were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Monday , with shares in the two airlines down more than 2 % after the airline group said it was cutting its full - year profit forecast .
The UK has voted to leave the European Union .
A company has been fined £ 50,000 after faults were found in gas pipes at more than 1,000 homes in Poole and Reading .
The Taliban have captured Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand from Afghan security forces .
The National Trust ( NT ) has announced plans to restore Clandon Park , the Grade I - listed mansion destroyed by fire in July .
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at a race in North Yorkshire .
A man who bombarded his ex - partner with abusive messages and set her car on fire has been jailed for 12 years .
Pee could soon be used to power your phone !
A prison officer has been stabbed in the head at a prison in Northern Ireland .
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston in extra - time and reach the EFL Cup third round .
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for an interest rate rise has " strengthened " in recent months .
Wolfsburg striker Christian Eriksen has been fined by the club for failing to turn up for training on time on Tuesday .
Dinamo Bucharest will send the Romanian Cup to Cameroon if they win this month 's final in memory of Patrick Ekeng , who died after collapsing on the pitch .
The Duchess of Cambridge has led an orchestra in a performance of Beethoven 's fifth symphony on the last day of their tour of Germany .
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham .
Virtual reality ( VR ) can be used as a gaming and entertainment tool , allowing people to experience the world in a new way .
" Zombie " caterpillars have been found hanging from branches in a " zombie horror film " on a nature reserve .
Toshiba 's shares have fallen as much as 10 % after media reports said it is in talks with banks to borrow billions of dollars .
The Mubende gold fields in Uganda 's Mubende district are home to some of the world 's largest illegal gold mines , but they have been shut down by the government .
A millionaire from Exeter was " unlawfully killed " by his wife in Ukraine , an inquest has found .
Virat Kohli became the first man to score a century in the opening match of a World Cup tournament as India thrashed Pakistan by eight wickets in Australia .
Thousands of people have attended Armed Forces Day events in Lincolnshire and Lincolnshire .
Humans arrived in the Americas some 115,000 years ago , according to a new study published in Nature journal .
Mark Cavendish says he was a victim of his own success as he missed out on a first Olympic road race gold medal at London 2012 .
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to World War Two codebreaker Alan Turing .
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of Chelsea 's 25-man Champions League squad for Tuesday 's second leg of their last-16 tie against Manchester City .
Dozens of people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in and around the Iraqi capital Baghdad , officials say .
Birmingham City Women have completed the signing of German international Stephanie Linden from Frankfurt .
British eventer Emily Gilruth , who was seriously injured in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials , is " progressing steadily " in hospital , organisers have said .
Barnsley boss Phil Johnson says he accepts full responsibility for the club 's poor run of form and says he wants to stay at the club .
India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina have held historic talks in Dhaka but failed to agree on two key issues .
Wales Stronger In and Vote Leave are both targeting Labour - supporting areas of south and north Wales in the final days of the referendum campaign .
Great Britain 's Beth Tweddle has confirmed she will retire from gymnastics after winning her first Olympic medal at London 2012 .
England captain Dylan Hartley insists he is not distracted by the prospect of a British and Irish Lions call - up .
Liverpool will not sell Raheem Sterling if the club 's owners do not want to , says manager Brendan Rodgers .
Four - time Olympic gold medallist Venus Richards - Ross says she has been " healed " by the support she has received after revealing she had an abortion before the 2008 Games .
It was another dramatic day in the English Football League as promotion - chasing Brighton beat Birmingham City in the fifth minute of stoppage time to go top of the Championship .
At least 20 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi - led coalition fighting in Yemen , officials and residents say .
The probability of the UK leaving the EU is " very , very low " , a former cabinet secretary has said .
Wigan Warriors prop Lewis Tierney has signed a new three - year contract with the Super League club .
A 15-year - old girl has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Northumberland coast .
Egyptian giants Al Ahly were held to a 2 - 2 draw by Zambian side Zesco United of Zambia in their African Champions League group match in Alexandria on Saturday , leaving them three points behind the leaders .
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a serious leg injury while training in the Annalong Valley in County Down .
The first electric taxi to be made in the UK for more than 70 years has been unveiled at a new £ 100 m factory in the West Midlands .
Three new mayors have been elected in Spain , bringing to an end 24 years of uninterrupted Popular Party rule in cities across the country .
Labour 's plan to scrap university tuition fees in England is the biggest change to university policy for two decades .
A hospital refused to pay £ 2,000 for a blackout blind for a patient because it was too expensive , a doctor has claimed .
A charity has launched a national appeal for information about a missing man whose body was found in a burnt - out car .
Ten - man Millwall 's play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by 10-man Coventry .
Shaker Aamer is the last British detainee to be released from Guantanamo Bay .
Pupils in England will begin studying new GCSEs in English language , English literature and maths from the autumn of 2015 , the government has announced .
Here is a guide to key figures in the history of spending reviews , as Chancellor George Osborne launches his third Spending Review .
The Australian government has announced plans to strip citizenship from dual nationals who fight for terrorist groups .
Ballyliffin will host the Irish Open for the first time in 2019 .
A job seeker has said she is " furious " after being told she was a " home educated oddball " and " difficult to assess " in a job description .
The funeral of a police officer who died of cancer has taken place at Durham Cathedral .
The US says it is lifting restrictions on security assistance to Bahrain , which is one of its largest allies .
South Africa are to begin a search for a new head coach ahead of next month 's tour of England .
Jose Mourinho 's return to Stamford Bridge ended in defeat as Chelsea thrashed his former club Manchester United on his return to the club .
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two - year contract with the Premiership club .
England 's performance against Scotland was exactly what you would have expected .
The hunt is on to find the next ' psychic ' octopus to predict the results of the Women 's World Cup , after the success of Paul the octopus .
Mike Hailwood leads the Manx Grand Prix after the first practice session at the Isle of Man TT .
The EU 's chief Brexit negotiator has been told to " listen up " by one of Northern Ireland 's MEPs , according to the News Letter and the Irish News .
The husband of a woman found dead in a flat has appeared in court charged with her murder .
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with victory over 10-man Dundee United .
The number of new craft distilleries opening in Scotland and England has seen a " explosive " rise , according to a report .
As England prepare to return to Twickenham for the final leg of the Sevens World Series in Paris this weekend , we take a look at some of the players who will be involved in this year 's tournament .
Britain 's Sarah Cave has won the women 's Ironman World Championship for the second time in three years .
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Premiership with victory over Motherwell , who had a goal ruled out after a " ghost goal " ruled out .
A man has been charged in connection with a racially - aggravated assault in which a woman was seriously injured .
For Tove Anna LinnÃ © a Styrke , making music is a " brain game " .
Uganda 's Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi 's official website has been taken over by hackers .
Floyd Mayweather says he will knock out Conor McGregor " in four rounds " in their super - fight on 26 August and that the UFC champion will " wipe out " .
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to break the world record for the most children reading aloud in a single day .
Schalke have appointed Italian Francesco Tedesco as their new head coach after Hoffenheim turned down the offer of a new contract .
An appeal has been launched to trace the families of some of the children pictured in a series of iconic images of poverty and homelessness in the 1960s .
A beekeeper died after his EpiPen pen misfired when he was stung by a bee , a coroner has heard .
The University of Manchester has been awarded £ 10 m to help fund a new cancer research centre in Manchester .
Tens of thousands of people have gathered in the Egyptian capital , Cairo , to mourn the death of Coptic Christian Pope Shenouda .
Organised crime gangs are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones to avoid detection , according to police .
England 's Jamie Donaldson leads the Race to Dubai Tour Championship by one shot after carding a six - under - par 66 in the first round at Dubai .
The Queen 's 90th birthday party will be held in central London 's Hyde Park on Saturday , with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge among the guests .
A 51-year - old man has been arrested in Florida on suspicion of starting a fire at a mosque that was frequented by a gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub .
The chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 90 .
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has removed all references to the dead gorilla Harambe from its Twitter account .
French police have ended a major security operation at Paris 's Champs - Elysees railway station , hours after it was closed for several hours .
The Scottish SPCA has warned of the dangers of antifreeze after the death of a cat in Glasgow .
David Cameron has called on Sepp Blatter , the head of world football 's governing body Fifa , to step down amid allegations of widespread corruption .
Work has begun on a new centre of excellence for the Battle of the Somme which will be shaped like a Spitfire .
The operator of Japan 's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant says it will need up to nine months to bring the plant to ' ' cold shutdown ' ' .
A meeting has been held in Manchester to condemn the " shocking " portrayal of Muslims in a police training exercise .
Lana Del Rey is having a moment .
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Nottingham Panthers at the top of the table with a 4 - 2 win over the Panthers on Friday night .
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One for the first time in 37 years after losing out to Nottingham Forest and Birmingham City in the Championship play - offs .
The Prince of Wales has said he is " shocked and saddened " by the scale of religious persecution around the world .
The UK is to become the first country in Europe to import hydro - power from the North Sea to supply its electricity needs .
An NHS trust has apologised " unreservedly " after a report into the deaths of more than 100 people , including six babies , at a hospital in Cumbria .
Camelot , the mythical home of King Arthur , has been the subject of much speculation over the years .
Pop star Lady Gaga is preparing to perform at the Super Bowl half - time show in Houston , Texas , on Sunday .
A man has denied punching a bride and groom at a wedding reception after a row over a fireplace .
Juan Martin del Potro beat third seed Stan Wawrinka in four sets to reach the third round of Wimbledon for the first time since 2014 .
It is " hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests " to grant visa - free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and a border - free zone from Iraq to the English Channel , Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said .
When the hand of God strikes , it can be a teachers ' worst nightmare .
A cancer charity has called on the Welsh government to vaccinate boys aged 12 and 13 against a sexually transmitted disease .
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will only leave the club if Arsenal meet the release clause in his contract , a Napoli source has confirmed .
Debris from a wood near Loch Ness could be the cause of recent reports of the Loch Ness Monster , according to a conservation charity .
Voting has begun in the general election in Cheshire .
Big Ben 's 150th anniversary is to be marked with a series of events to celebrate the city 's history .
A collection of more than 1,000 diving helmets has sold at auction for more than £ 20,000 .
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5 % by the Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee ( MPC ) for the second time this year .
Bradford City have offered new contracts to six players , including goalkeeper Scott Darby , after their League One play - off final defeat at Wembley .
Canada 's government has dropped an appeal against a ruling that a woman who wore a full - face veil when she took an oath to become a Canadian citizen could not be granted citizenship .
Liberty House , one of the world 's biggest scrap metal recyclers , is set to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel 's UK operations , including the Port Talbot steelworks .
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former MP to life in prison for the murder of a local politician and five others .
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has signed a new two - year contract with the Premiership club .
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence ( AI ) - a voice - activated digital assistant .
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) over the case of a former Indian navy officer on death row , after Pakistan said he had asked for mercy .
A Muslim man who became the first openly gay couple to be married in the UK says he has received death threats since his wedding .
Cancer survival rates in Denmark have improved dramatically in recent years , according to new research .
A major road in Stafford is to be closed as part of a £ 1.5 m project to replace water pipes in the town .
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Jack Sidwell is hoping to sign a new contract with the Premier League champions .
Reddit has killed its " warrant canary " - a sign that it has not received a secret surveillance request .
Controversial plans for a new golf course in East Sutherland have been unveiled .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether Australia remains the Lucky Country .
Armed groups in Myanmar have signed a collective ceasefire deal aimed at ending decades of conflict .
" The pound 's weakness has made it easier for me to splurge on shopping trips to the UK , " says Justin DeLeon .
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Millwall defender Chris Pidgeley .
The UK 's energy regulator has called on the big six energy suppliers to cut their prices in line with falling costs .
Increasing the use of phosphorus as a fertiliser on grasslands will be a huge challenge .
Russell Slade will step down as Cardiff City head coach at the end of the season .
China 's oil imports from Iran rose sharply in July , despite the ongoing dispute between the US and Iran over Tehran 's nuclear programme .
A chronology of key events since more than 200 girls were abducted from their school in Nigeria 's north - eastern town of Chibok .
Great Britain won their third medal at the European Para - athletics Championships with a silver in the mixed - team event , despite losing to Lithuania .
A collection of World War Two medals belonging to a 92-year - old man have been stolen from his home .
Wales ' men 's and women 's hockey teams have achieved a " huge achievement " by competing at the highest level of international competition , says head coach Mark Clements .
Fishermen 's leaders have said it is a " no brainer " for Scotland to leave the European Union .
Russia has begun a " withdrawal " of its military forces from Syria , including its aircraft carrier and other aircraft , the defence ministry says .
Families in the Highlands are being urged to help tackle underage drinking in a new campaign .
Aberdeen - based Aggreko has warned that profits will be lower than last year because of " challenging " trading conditions in the US and Argentina .
It 's 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was released in the UK , and at the time it was the smallest computer in the world .
Liberia thrashed Algerian champions JS Kabylie 5 - 0 in Monrovia to reach the last 16 of the African Confederation Cup .
Two youths have been treated in hospital after being burned by a bonfire in Larbert .
Derbyshire seam bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new two - year contract with the county .
Council tax bills in England could rise by an average of £ 200 over the next five years , the Local Government Association has warned .
A review is to be carried out into the effectiveness of 20 mph speed limit zones in Manchester after a report found they were not as effective as initially hoped .
The Northern Ireland secretary of state has been criticised for failing to take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final .
The announcement that Nicholas Serota is to step down as the director of Tate Modern and head of the UK 's largest and most prestigious art gallery has been published in the Times .
Voters in the UK have gone to the polls in the local and regional elections .
Newcastle 's hosting of the 2015 Rugby World Cup has brought £ 43 m to the city 's economy , organisers have said .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho " should have said very little " and apologised to club doctor Eva Carneiro , says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke .
A man who built a mock - Tudor castle without planning permission has been ordered to demolish it or face jail .
An inquest into the deaths of the 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack has heard the suicide bomber died of " multiple injuries " when he blew himself up .
Veteran actor and Shakespearean actor Richard Johnson has died at the age of 89 .
Aberdeen Royal Infirmary has reopened to the public after a norovirus outbreak .
A woman who conned clients out of thousands of pounds while working as a financial advisor has been given a community payback order .
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to call an early general election next year .
Colombian police have arrested two people for allegedly running an operation to sabotage the peace process in Cuba .
A carer who stole more than £ 20,000 from her elderly carer has been jailed .
More women should be appointed to public sector jobs and companies should be banned from bidding for public contracts , according to a new report .
India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked people for their support for his surprise decision to withdraw high - denomination currency notes from circulation .
An investigation has been launched into a hospital trust 's finances after a £ 7.8 m overspend .
A court in Myanmar has charged 65 people in connection with clashes between police and protesters near Yangon .
Jewellery worth thousands of pounds has been stolen from a shop in Lincolnshire .
Kenyan election officials have had to drive hundreds of kilometres to a counting centre in Nairobi in a last - ditch attempt to count spoiled ballots as the country waits for early presidential and parliamentary results .
Gardener George is one of the UK 's best - known gardeners .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Ghanaian film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the country 's poor maintenance culture .
Two men have been injured in a two - vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire .
A review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane has found there was a " relentless " attempt to defeat the ends of justice after his murder .
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a meat market .
A sculpture of musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled as part of Hull 's City of Culture celebrations .
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an imam for " any misunderstanding " over claims that he supports Islamic State .
Bees and other pollinating insects thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms , research suggests .
Crewe Alexandra have re - signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until the end of the season .
A group of zebras have escaped from a ranch in the Mexican city of Monterrey and caused a bit of a stir on social media .
Police are " extremely concerned " for the welfare of a 13-year - old girl and her brother who have gone missing from Greater Manchester .
A couple have been reunited with a cycling medal and jewellery that were stolen 10 years ago after they were found by a Met Police dive team .
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish Television and Radio Awards .
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxford .
A priest has apologised after telling a group of children that Father Christmas is not real .
When I first moved to Moscow six years ago , I used to spend a lot of time in the Kremlin , studying the workings of the Russian state .
Southport have sacked manager Steve Burr and assistant manager Paul Watson after a run of three straight defeats .
Sale Sharks prop Vadim Cobilas has joined French side Bordeaux - Begles on a two - year deal .
" Qandeel Baloch is an inspiration to those ladies who are treated badly and dominated by society , " said a video posted by the Pakistani social media star on her Facebook page , hours before she was shot dead .
A new augmented reality experience is to be offered at a Scottish music festival .
Kasabian have been criticised for a music video for their new single featuring celebrities pretending to be psychiatric patients .
Tesco has bought a 49 % stake in the Giraffe chain of restaurants and coffee shops for an undisclosed sum .
A man who carried out a " horrendous catalogue of offending " against a woman over a 30-year period has been jailed for 12 years .
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of people living in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought .
Worcestershire openers Brett D'Oliveira and Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries to put their side in a strong position on day three against Derbyshire .
Three people have escaped injury in a house fire in Cookstown , County Tyrone .
A woman who answered the door to a man who was shot in the leg in Londonderry has said it was a " terrible shock " .
A chronology of key events in the UK - Iran relationship : .
The Republic of Palau is made up of more than 20 islands and coral atolls in the Pacific Ocean .
The mayor of the US city of Bloomington , Indiana , has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday in a move that has sparked a backlash on social media .
Northern Ireland 's agriculture minister has said she hopes to secure access to Chinese and US markets for local pork .
Downton Abbey is to have a new guest star in its fifth series , with former EastEnders actress Helen Johnston joining the cast .
Germany 's central bank , the Bundesbank , has called for the state pension age to be raised to 69 to help secure the country 's financial sustainability .
Ulster 's Jared Payne is a doubt for Ireland 's Six Nations opener against England at Twickenham on Saturday .
Norwich City manager Steve Money has left the Championship club by mutual consent .
The environment minister did not lose his executive power by unilaterally approving a planning framework for Northern Ireland , the High Court has heard .
North Wales Police and Dyfed - Powys Police have been told they " requires improvement " in annual assessments by inspectors .
Four former soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for their part in a multi - million pound plot to import guns and drugs into the UK .
The UK 's first premium burger chain , Gourmet Burger Kitchen , has been bought by the owner of Nando 's .
Sony has said it will stop production of its Reader e - readers in Europe and North America .
The British government has a legal obligation to provide funding for inquests into Northern Ireland 's Troubles deaths , the UK 's top judge has said .
India 's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in the southern state of Tamil Nadu has become operational .
The 2015 Formula 1 season gets under way in Australia on Sunday with the opening race in Melbourne .
The Stakeknife inquiry into the activities of the IRA 's former secret agent Freddie Scappaticci is to be held in Northern Ireland .
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Robinson and Fulham defender Luke Pringle .
Poorer young people are more likely to be caught up in the juvenile justice system , a study has suggested .
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service , which will piggyback on O2 's mobile network .
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds , one of Northern Ireland 's leading trauma experts , who has died at the age of 35 .
MSPs on Holyrood 's finance committee have backed the Scottish government 's plans to change council tax bands .
Plastic bag charges in England have led to the closure of one of the UK 's last remaining producers of carrier bags .
Aberdeen City Council has voted to scrap the controversial City Garden Project after a last - minute amendment to the plan was defeated .
An 18-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the phone - hacking scandal , police have said .
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of its signing .
Spain 's Rafael Nadal will defend his Aegon Championships title at Queen 's Club in June .
Nigeria 's government says it has shut down a radio station campaigning for the breakaway state of Biafra .
Alton Towers staff were called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash " within minutes " , the fire service has said .
The Queen has been praised for her Norfolk accent by her cousin , who says it is one of the reasons she is such a good mimic .
Mark Connolly scored the only goal of the game as Crawley Town beat Blackpool 1 - 0 in League Two .
The Met Office has issued a yellow " be aware " warning for rain across south and mid Wales on Monday .
British swimming 's performance director Mark Scott has resigned following a review into the country 's performance at the London 2012 Olympics .
Great Britain 's bid to host the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships has been approved by the International Olympic Committee .
A charity has warned of a " growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions " in Scotland 's workplaces .
Imagine getting a surprise visit from one of your favourite authors .
A half - marathon to raise money for a children 's cancer charity is set to go ahead in Cardiff , despite concerns over the cost .
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay after rejecting a new offer from the airline , the Unite union has said .
A boy with a rare brain disorder triggered by an influenza vaccine has been awarded £ 120,000 in compensation .
When you are the world 's most decorated Olympian , you would think you would want to be in the best shape for the Tokyo 2020 Games .
Brentford defender Tom Elliott has signed a new two - year contract with the Championship club .
Former children 's laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a BBC One drama series based on her novel Noughts and Crosses .
An album containing the signatures of airmen who took part in the Dambusters raid on the Ruhr dams during World War Two has been sold at auction for £ 1,000 .
Michele Morgan , one of France 's best - known actresses , has died at the age of 91 .
The Scottish Police Authority ( SPA ) is considering the closure of its control centre at the Police Scotland headquarters in Inverness .
Microsoft is launching an education edition of Minecraft , which it says will be free for children and free for teachers .
The prime minister and chancellor have refused to rule out cutting the top rate of income tax for those earning over £ 150,000 .
As the race for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations enters its final days , the US political system is under intense scrutiny .
British number one Johanna Konta has been added to the field for the Aegon Classic in Nottingham .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's visit to Silicon Valley is the first by an Indian prime minister to the US in more than a decade .
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial has been told to " listen to me " by manager Jose Mourinho after reports linking him with a move away from Old Trafford .
No - one was arrested as Wrexham and Chester played out a " bubble match " at a " risk averse and disproportionate " fixture .
Stoke City defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a back injury .
A former friend of the couple convicted of murdering Liam Fee has said they " deserve to be in prison " .
England won the Women 's Six Nations title for the first time since 2009 with a comfortable victory over Ireland in Dublin .
A serial killer who murdered 20 women in the 1970s and 1980s could be moved to a high - security prison .
In the middle of a sweltering swamps of Camaguey province in southern Cuba , in the early 1900s , a steamship sailed from New York to Havana .
Fife - based office refurbishments firm Havelock Europa is to spend £ 1.5 m on a global expansion project .
The 12 contenders for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be revealed on Tuesday , with the winner to be announced on Wednesday .
Portsmouth Supporters ' Trust ( PST ) chairman David Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the club .
A shark has been caught off the coast of Pembrokeshire .
The United Nations refugee agency ( UNHCR ) has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to stop the forced return of refugees fleeing the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency .
South Africa 's Chief Justice Thokozile Nkululeko has been telling the judges at the High Court in Pretoria that it is time for a break .
Zimbabwean police have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the capital , Harare , after demonstrators clashed with security forces .
An Asian detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against after a monkey toy was found in the office of a black colleague has received compensation from Scotland Yard .
It was a dream come true for a Northern Ireland singer - songwriter who would go on to become one of the world 's most successful Formula 1 drivers , but how did he get there ?
Iran 's Foreign Minister , Mohammad Javad Zarif , has defended his country 's participation in the Syrian peace talks in Vienna , saying it is not trying to " sell out " Syria .
Australia 's economy grew 0.9 % in the first three months of the year , beating expectations , according to official figures .
A permit for exploratory drilling for oil and gas has been granted by Natural Resources Wales for a site in Powys .
About 17 people have been rescued from a fire at a block of flats in West Lothian .
Oscar Pistorius , the South African athlete who shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , is unlikely to be released early from prison .
The family of the British journalist Marie Colvin , who was killed while reporting on the conflict in Syria , has filed a lawsuit against President Bashar al - Assad 's regime .
A rare sea turtle which was found " comatose " on a beach in Gwynedd has been moved to a larger tank at a zoo .
China 's environment minister has called for a radical rethink of the country 's economic growth strategy in an essay published online .
Tax chiefs from the Big Four accountancy firms have rejected claims that they are helping companies avoid paying tax by using tax havens .
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all - rounder Kyle Abbott as their second overseas player for the T20 Blast , according to James Mason .
Northern Ireland 's former enterprise minister has called for an investigation into a multi - million pound property deal signed by Invest NI .
An electronic prescribing system for medicines in Welsh hospitals should be brought in as soon as possible , according to a report by the Welsh Audit Office .
The RSPCA could be " picking and choosing " cases to suit its political and commercial needs , an MP has warned .
Great Britain 's performance at the London 2012 Olympics has been a mixed bag .
South Sudan and Malawi are out of the African Nations Championship ( CHAN ) qualifiers after losing to Madagascar and Mauritius respectively .
At least six people have been killed in Australia 's New South Wales ( NSW ) state as severe weather continues to batter the state .
Cardiff Blues have signed Wales Under-20 international Matthew Morgan on a two - year deal .
The remains of a young girl found in Mexico have been identified as one of the earliest Americans yet found .
A Tanzanian politician has sparked a backlash on Twitter after ordering three men he accused of being gay to report to the police for " spreading homosexuality " on social media .
BP 's chief executive Bob Dudley has two big announcements today .
Nottinghamshire 's Alex Hales hit a record - breaking 109 off just 30 balls as his side beat Durham in their T20 Blast North Group match .
European gas and oil prices have risen sharply on fears that Russia could cut supplies to the continent in a row with Ukraine .
Video replays are being used for the first time in Major League Soccer in the United States .
The third one - day international between England and Sri Lanka at Bristol was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of rain .
Police in California say a woman who was abducted and chained up last week had a " message " branded on her face and body .
When we arrived in darkness all was calm and quiet .
The Duke of Cambridge and the Duchess of Cambridge will be joined by the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall at a memorial service for Princess Diana .
Britain 's Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia 's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the Marseille Open quarter - finals .
The Hong Kong government has unveiled a plan to create a " one - stop " border clearance facility for passengers travelling between Hong Kong and China .
Algeria made a winning start to their Africa Cup of Nations campaign as they beat Qatar 1 - 0 in Doha .
Senegal missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup as they drew 1 - 1 with Ecuador .
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described David Cameron 's final cabinet meeting as " emotional " .
The first female commanding officer at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst has been named .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the latest US jobs figures came in weaker than expected .
Leeds Rhinos say flood damage to their training ground could cost them up to £ 1 m .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban his country 's Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games .
With the Olympic Games getting under way in London , the transport system in the capital is once again under threat .
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan 's Kei Nishikori in straight sets to reach the second round of the Australian Open .
National League side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bury striker Jack Marriott until the end of the season .
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was happy with the way his side fought back from a goal down to earn a draw against Hearts at Ibrox .
A woman has been seriously injured and her husband injured after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Largs .
Exeter City eased to victory over 10-man Crewe Alexandra at St James ' Park as Robbie Simpson scored a hat - trick and David Wheeler scored a second - half brace in a convincing win .
A tennis fan in Aberdeen has placed a £ 100,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon men 's singles title .
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex - partner have lost their appeal against a ruling that police failed to protect her .
Cardinal electors in the race to elect a new Pope have begun a week - long meeting in the Vatican to choose their candidate .
A drug used by osteoporosis patients could help reduce the number of hip and knee replacements failing within five years , a study suggests .
A 16-year - old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol .
Five MPs from the north of England have called on the government to invest in regional transport in the wake of the Brexit vote .
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will not play at the World Cup after his side lost their play - off against Portugal to miss out on a place in Russia .
Fernando Alonso held off a late challenge from Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel and McLaren 's Jenson Button to win the Spanish Grand Prix .
East Midlands Airport is celebrating its 50th anniversary .
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is celebrating its 300th anniversary this week - the venue where The Beatles played their first gig .
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will visit Australia and New Zealand in November , Kensington Palace has announced .
I am a bit baffled by what is happening in Greece .
Sussex have re - signed former captain Murray Goodwin as batting coach .
Ex - footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan are among the latest victims of phone hacking to receive settlements from News International .
Wales ' men 's hockey team missed out on promotion to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time in 10 years as they lost to Scotland in their promotion play - off .
Swansea City 's players will pay for supporters ' tickets for their final - day Premier League game against Hull City at the Liberty Stadium .
To Kill a Mockingbird has become one of the most famous books in the history of literature - but why did it take so long to write ?
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of an acid attack on a journalist has been found on a jacket at the scene , a court has heard .
US regulators have warned crypto - currency start - ups that they must register offers and sales of digital coins as securities .
Northern Ireland 's Martin Martin will race in this year 's Isle of Man TT for the Kawasaki Racing Team , replacing the injured Martin McGuinness .
GPs in England are being offered financial incentives to cut the number of patients being referred to hospital , including for cancer checks , it has emerged .
Community health councils ( CHCs ) in Wales say they have been described as the " best kept secret " in the NHS .
A Holyrood by - election will be held in the Scottish Borders on 5 May , it has been confirmed .
Early treatment with life - saving HIV drugs can halve the risk of Aids and Aids - related deaths , a major study has found .
A fire at a factory in Doncaster has closed the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster .
Imagine going from not being able to throw a ball , to winning a Commonwealth Youth Games gold medal and becoming a British hammer thrower .
A second man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in Northern Ireland .
Women and girls affected by female genital mutilation ( FGM ) in Wales are being urged to be offered medical help by a charity .
Dixons Carphone , the owner of Dixons Retail and Carphone Warehouse , has reported a rise in full - year profits despite the UK voting to leave the EU .
The Chicxulub Crater , the largest in the Solar System , formed when an asteroid smashed into the Earth , may have been created in just 10 minutes , scientists say .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Wednesday , with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes closing at record highs .
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 World Cup .
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after they were knocked out of the Champions League .
A woman who lost more than £ 300,000 after being " lovebombed " by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of her ordeal .
Plans to improve the careers of early years carers in Wales have been unveiled by the Welsh government .
The law firm at the centre of the Grenfell Tower fire inquiry has said it is " deeply concerned " after a poster offering free legal help to survivors of the blaze appeared on its premises .
A man has been jailed after he was convicted of making a hoax bomb threat to a hospital which led to the evacuation of 22 patients .
JogScotland has said it is " devastated " and " shocked " that £ 100,000 of funding has been withdrawn from the scheme .
Russia 's agriculture minister has dismissed the idea of adding a European wine ban to the list of products that could be banned in response to Western sanctions .
UKIP has allowed one of its leading anti - Islam candidates to stand for the party 's leadership .
Mesothelioma sufferers who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim compensation of up to £ 115,000 under new government plans .
Wales coach Robin McBryde says Judgement Day at the Principality Stadium on Saturday could decide who is selected for the British and Irish Lions tour .
The star of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because it is " filth " .
Donegal will face Galway in Saturday 's All - Ireland SFC qualifier at Croke Park for the second time this season .
The governing Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) of President Enrique Pena Nieto is set to win the most seats in Mexico 's parliamentary elections , officials say .
A 16-year - old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south London .
US adults with at least a college degree are more likely to be " living comfortably " or " doing okay " , according to a Federal Reserve survey .
A man has been charged with possessing knives and an axe with intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions in a maximum security prison , according to a leaked document .
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have had their personal data stolen in a cyber - attack .
A jury has retired to consider its verdicts in the trial of two men accused of murdering a supermarket worker .
A commemorative £ 5 coin to mark Prince George 's first birthday is to be minted by the Royal Mint .
A key part of a World War Two teleprinter that helped crack the Enigma code has been found in a shed in Essex .
Four London councils have spent more than £ 1 m on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport .
Charlton Athletic have released striker Nasser Ghoochannejhad and defender Marco Motta .
A man has been jailed for life for the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex .
A plaque has been unveiled in Wigan in memory of a teacher who was murdered at her school .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would sell more shirts than Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo if he joined Manchester United , according to a football expert .
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in the recruitment of jihadists in Syria , the interior minister has said .
Labour has announced plans to allow grandparents to share in unpaid parental leave if it wins the election .
Tommy Halkett 's last - gasp header gave Livingston their first win of the season as Rangers were beaten at Ibrox .
Burnley came from 2 - 0 down at half - time to draw with Manchester City at Turf Moor .
Belgian prosecutors have charged a 25-year - old man with involvement in the Paris attacks and with planning a terrorist attack .
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says he expects Victor Moses to play a part in Chelsea 's Premier League title challenge this season after the Nigeria midfielder returned to the club on loan last season .
Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt has warned of the dangers of drones being used as weapons of war in the United States .
A man has been airlifted to hospital after a two - car crash in Aberdeenshire .
( Close ) : US stocks closed higher on Monday , with bank shares helping to lift the Nasdaq and Dow Jones index .
Architecture won the Derby at Newmarket for the second time in three days as the favourite to win the Epsom Classic .
Ireland and the Netherlands played out a rain - affected draw in their Intercontinental Cup game in Dublin .
A cash machine has been blown up and a large amount of money stolen during an armed robbery at a pharmacy in Fife .
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares were beaten in the semi - finals of the ATP World Tour Finals , but will still finish as the world number two doubles team .
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first WTA title at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham .
A man has died and three other people have been injured in a crash in Nottingham .
The Labour Party has been accused of being " desperate " and " arbitrary " after more than 100,000 people were banned from voting in the general election .
Israel 's prime minister has vowed a " fierce punitive " response after the death of a 19-year - old Israeli man in Jerusalem on Monday .
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused Bastia fans of making monkey noises and insulting him during his side 's 1 - 0 Ligue 1 defeat at Bastia on Friday .
( Close ) : The UK 's benchmark FTSE 100 share index has closed lower after the Bank of England kept interest rates on hold .
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death after an argument over money for sex has been jailed for six years .
Artillery fire has hit the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk , where a Russian aid convoy is trying to reach the border with Ukraine .
A four - month - old baby boy was killed and his brother seriously injured in a dog attack by a family pet , an inquest has heard .
A man who took and posted " vile , aggressive sexual fantasies " of two women and posted them online has been jailed for six months .
Chinese e - commerce giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering ( IPO ) in the US , which would be the biggest for an internet company .
The annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in the Indian cities of Rishikesh and Haridwar is one of the world 's largest gatherings of people .
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has warned US President - elect Donald Trump that moving the US embassy to Jerusalem would " destroy " the two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Lancashire 's Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) has warned of " devastating " cuts to policing in the county .
Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters is expected to be fit for Tuesday 's Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Belgium but Robbie Keane is a doubt because of injury .
French club Toulon have offered to play in the Premiership for the 2016 - 17 season .
A 23-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in South Lanarkshire .
South Africa 's anti - doping laboratory in Bloemfontein has been suspended by the World Anti - Doping Agency ( Wada ) .
Workers at a County Antrim glass factory are facing redundancy with the loss of up to 100 jobs .
More than 1,000 swimmers have taken part in the annual Boxing Day swim off Tenby in Somerset .
Meet Arthur , he 's a rescue dog who was abandoned by his owners and found by BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
Police in Scotland are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse against former MP Lord Janner .
The US government is proposing new rules to cut down on the use of electronic devices while driving .
A US tourist has been raped by three men in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh , police say .
At least four people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , officials say .
Mae Munster yn rhydd i chwarae ei gêm olaf i'r Scarlets yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad ym Mharc Thomond
Facebook and Microsoft have teamed up with Spanish telecommunications firm Telefonica to build a high - speed data cable across the Atlantic Ocean .
The Sydney Sixers will face Perth Scorchers in the Australian Big Bash League final after beating Brisbane Heat by one run in a super over .
Mainland Chinese shares traded higher on Monday , recovering some of Friday 's losses after disappointing trade data .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county .
N - Dubz have revealed they were surprised to be nominated for four prizes at this year 's Mobo Awards .
Star Wars actor Harrison Ford has said he has always wanted to return to the role of Indiana Jones .
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce and Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez say they will go " right to the wire " to avoid Premier League relegation .
The killing of al - Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden was an " embarrassment " for Pakistan 's intelligence agency , the country 's spy agency has said .
The owners of Blackpool Football Club are taking legal action against a fans ' forum over comments made on the site .
The number of Syrian refugees arriving in the UK is " gathering traction " , Immigration Minister David Harrington has said .
England one - day captain Eoin Morgan and all - rounder Paul Stirling both hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One - Day Cup .
A man has been ordered to pay £ 1.50 compensation after he threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager in Carmarthenshire .
The US military has condemned the Afghan government 's decision to release 37 prisoners who it says were involved in attacks on coalition forces .
Oldham Athletic moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over Southend United thanks to goals from James Main and Sam Hutchinson .
A murder investigation has been launched after a woman 's body was found at a house .
National League side Grimsby Town have signed Scunthorpe United goalkeeper Ben Davis on a two - year deal .
Two men have been released on bail after being charged in connection with the theft of £ 20,000 worth of meat from a factory .
Two more youths have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Saturday .
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A96 in Belfast .
Nice have signed former Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder .
Madagascar 's parliament has voted to impeach President Hery Rajaonarimampianina after he refused to resign following a no - confidence vote .
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving .
Anti - fascists who took part in a counter - protest were " some of the most intolerant people you could come across " , police have said .
The government will introduce 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU , the Institute for Fiscal Studies ( IFG ) has warned .
Tottenham maintained their pursuit of Premier League leaders Leicester City as they came from behind to beat Swansea City .
England 's Women 's Rugby World Cup opener against New Zealand at Twickenham will be shown live on the BBC on Saturday , 15 November .
It 's been a busy week for London Underground .
Rebels in Syria have rejected a Russian plan to set up safe zones in rebel - held areas in a bid to end the country 's six - year conflict .
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing naked women in its magazines .
The Scottish government has given the go - ahead for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen , despite US billionaire Donald Trump threatening a legal challenge .
Work on a new pedestrian and cycle crossing in Aberdeen is expected to be completed on time , the city council has said .
If you have been sexually assaulted or sexually abused by a member of the public , or if you have information about sexual abuse on the BBC or in the media , there are several ways you can report it .
The US space agency 's Cassini probe has flown by Saturn for the last time , as it prepares for its final mission .
Amputee football is one of the fastest growing sports in Scotland and now a charity is trying to get more people involved .
A man has admitted being concerned in the supply of heroin with a street value of more than £ 300,000 .
Archaeologists say they have discovered evidence of a " prehistoric supermarket " of trees and plants in the Amazon rainforest .
Swansea City 's Under-21s have won the EFL Trophy for the second time in three months , after beating Reading in the final .
England have named four uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship .
The Serious Fraud Office has been ordered to pay the legal costs of six men accused of a multi - million pound fraud after the case against them was dismissed .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side 's " brave " response to their dramatic win over Rangers at Ibrox .
Derby County have signed defender Ben Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee .
England 's players and fans are more confident than they were at the start of the World Cup , according to a new study .
Have you ever wondered if you could live in a dinosaur ?
Police in Brazil are questioning International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) president Thomas Bach as part of an investigation into alleged illegal Olympic ticket sales .
Plans for a wind farm on Skye have been approved by councillors .
Steam , one of the world 's most popular digital games retailers , has struck a deal with film studio Lionsgate to sell video content .
Blackpool have signed Leicester City defender Ben Allsop on loan until the end of the season and Manchester United striker Josh Cooke on a season - long loan .
More than 70 jobs have been lost after a chain of restaurants and cafes in Edinburgh closed .
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans for a new national funding formula for schools in England .
Prime Minister Theresa May should " take responsibility " for cuts to police numbers , Labour has said , following the London terror attack .
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning her appeal against a ban .
South Korea 's Byeong - hun An carded a six - under - par 65 to win the PGA Championship at Baltusrol for the first time in his European Tour career .
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife in a row over her plans to move to Pakistan .
A gardener has said he is " devastated " after flood water swept through one of Wales ' most famous gardens , destroying hundreds of rare plants .
Modern humans interbred with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought , a new analysis of DNA from a 45,000-year - old fossil suggests .
Work to transform a Denbighshire primary school into a Welsh - medium school is set to begin .
The Israeli election campaigns are one of the most tedious and tedious things in the world .
A corn snake has been rescued by the RSPCA after being found in the back of a van in Cardiff .
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Niko Petsos on loan until the end of the season .
A man who was seen " sleepwalking " in Manchester city centre was not on a dare , police have said .
Greece 's former caretaker Prime Minister Lucas Papademos has been injured in an explosion in the Paris office of the International Monetary Fund .
British cyclist Elinor Williamson says she feared she would be paralysed after her crash at the European Track Championships in Rotterdam .
Paris St - Germain have signed former Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Greece 's ex - finance minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a list of HSBC bank account holders leaked by a former employee .
Substitute Nicky Ajose 's injury - time penalty earned Charlton a point at Gillingham in a 1 - 1 draw .
Peanut allergy sufferers in the UK can tolerate a high enough dose of peanut protein to avoid a full - blown allergic reaction , a large study suggests .
Two former Welsh secretaries have called for a change in the law to stop people living outside Wales standing as assembly candidates .
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to the UK , with three episodes to be filmed in London .
Restrictions on bus services run by Avon and Somerset County Council are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog .
Joe Root has been confirmed as the successor to Alastair Cook as England captain .
John Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association .
The boss of Nissan has defended the Japanese carmaker 's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics , saying it was the " right decision " .
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU law on air pollution , the High Court has heard .
A former police community support officer who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for six years .
Guinea has become the first country in West Africa to be declared free of the Ebola virus .
Tinie Tempah , one of the UK 's most successful grime artists , is back in the studio to record his third album , Youth .
Transport for London ( TfL ) has hired more than 600 extra staff to work on the Night Tube .
At least 14 people have died after torrential rain caused flooding and landslides in Japan , the government says .
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is concerned about his body 's ability to handle the workload ahead of his return from injury .
Gillingham have signed Chris Crofts on loan from Brighton until the end of the season to give him a better chance of playing at Euro 2016 .
The parents of a baby girl who was taken into care after she suffered a brain haemorrhage in hospital have said they were treated " like monsters " .
Fifa 's annual Congress in Zurich this week is a chance for world football 's governing body to find out what 's going on in the world of sport .
A 77-year - old man from Carmarthenshire has been jailed for more than 33 years for child sex abuse .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in Birmingham .
It is 50 years since the first Action Man toys were sold in the UK , and the toy is celebrating its 50th anniversary .
Paris St - Germain have signed Lille midfielder Nabil Sliti for an undisclosed fee .
Motorists have been left in " chaos " as work to complete a major roundabout on the A55 in Chester has been delayed .
Northern Ireland 's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness and his wife Bernie have been taken to hospital .
Brexit Secretary David Davis and Scottish Secretary David Russell have agreed to work " positively " with the devolved administrations as the UK prepares to leave the EU .
Police have launched an investigation after a car crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre following a police chase .
In a lecture hall at Singapore Management University ( SMU ) in Singapore , a group of final year students are sitting in a circle .
A Dr Who fan 's collection of props from the sci - fi series is going up for auction in London .
Canada 's Adam Hadwin won his first PGA Tour title with a one - shot victory at the Canadian Open in Calgary .
Ipswich Town ended a run of three straight Championship defeats with a comfortable win over Queens Park Rangers .
UKIP 's new leader has questioned the " legitimacy " of the High Court ruling that MPs should get a vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU .
Homelessness is a big problem in the UK , and in The Only Way is Essex , a young boy called Alex is about to find out what 's going to happen to him .
Russia 's justice ministry has designated one of the country 's main opinion pollsters as a foreign agent .
An investigation into a fatal helicopter crash in Norway in April has found evidence of fatigue in parts of the main gearbox .
Raith Rovers manager Jimmy Nicholl was not a man to mince his words .
You ca n't win the Davis Cup as a one - man team , and I 'm really proud of the whole British team for reaching the semi - finals .
Hackers who stole $ 81 m ( Â£60 m ) from Bangladesh 's central bank were foiled because of poor security measures , investigators say .
In the run - up to the EU referendum , Theresa May said she was confident that the UK would be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union .
The United States Soccer Federation has announced plans to introduce new rules to protect young players from head injuries .
A 35-year - old man has been jailed after he admitted the attempted murder of two men in County Londonderry .
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and US President Barack Obama have met for the first time since his foul - mouthed outburst at a summit in Laos .
Two people have been shot dead in the French capital , Paris , after a car crashed into barriers in the centre of the city .
Scotland 's largest container terminal is set to increase its capacity by more than 50 % as part of a major upgrade .
How do you know if you 're a WWE Superstar ?
Sterling has fallen to a fresh two - month low against major currencies after fresh polls suggested the EU referendum is too close to call .
Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane has praised Super League after his side beat Cronulla Sharks to win the 2017 World Club Challenge .
A British man has been charged with causing the death of his girlfriend in a scooter crash in Thailand .
Two men have been injured in a " vicious " street attack in East Lothian .
A World War One training ground in Wiltshire has been discovered with the names of more than 100 soldiers inscribed in chalk on the walls of trenches and tunnels .
A court in India has begun hearing the case of Bollywood star Salman Khan , who is accused of killing a policeman in a hit - and - run crash in which five people died .
An 18th Century hall in Manchester has been destroyed in a fire .
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of severe weather in Wales .
Leinster moved six points clear at the top of the Pro12 with victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS .
A doctor who carried out a series of " brutal and sustained " knife attacks on his patients has had his jail term increased from four to 10 years .
A tiny island off the coast of Japan has seen a surge in the number of tourists visiting it because of a colony of cats .
The fossilised remains of 20 dinosaur embryos have been discovered in China , revealing details of life inside the egg .
Malaysian socialite and philanthropist Khong Kian Peng is on a mission to feed the hungry .
College lecturers in Glasgow are to be re - balloted to decide if they will join strike action in a wider pay dispute .
A senior investment banker has been banned from the City for life after he admitted paying the full fare on a train from a rural station to London .
Three people have been rescued from the summit of Scotland 's highest mountain after getting stuck in heavy snow .
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan which killed at least 20 people , including medical staff .
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea off the coast of Dorset has launched a fundraising campaign to help find her killer .
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her death that police failed to investigate properly the disappearance of her sister .
Worcestershire 's South African pace bowler Rilee Viljoen took five wickets to help his side to a seven - wicket win over Leicestershire .
The rescue of the victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash has been described as the " most technical " rescue in the fire service 's history .
Google 's net profit in the first three months of the year rose 11 % to $ 3.3bn ( Â£2.6bn ) , compared with the same period last year , as the company reported strong growth in advertising revenue .
People who post " grossly offensive " material online , such as revenge porn , could face legal action under new guidelines .
The British soldier who died in the Iraq War was killed by a grenade thrown by a fellow serviceman while on duty .
A Nigerian musical has opened in the West End in London .
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on a season - long loan deal .
Lotus Sengo has been named the BBC 's Sound of 2016 .
The Scottish government is to update MSPs on its plans for the Named Person Act on Wednesday .
It is Ladies ' Day , the day after the Grand National , and the streets of Liverpool are packed with women dressed in their finest finery .
Jos Buttler scored the fastest century in one - day international cricket as England beat Pakistan by an innings and 95 runs to seal a 3 - 0 series win in Cardiff .
The remains of an 18th Century mansion in the village of Ballymena , County Antrim , have been uncovered after it was destroyed by fire .
( Close ) : Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 5 % after it reported a fall in full - year profits and warned of " operational challenges " .
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize has been presented in Oslo , Norway , to three women for their work for peace .
Comedian Paddy Dodd has topped a list of the best - selling records of the 1960s , beating The Beatles to the top spot .
Leeds Rhinos full - back Chris Galloway will miss the start of the 2017 Super League season after having surgery on an Achilles injury .
A former treasurer at the Rangers Supporters ' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order of £ 20,000 for embezzling more than £ 30,000 .
A top - down reorganisation of local government is " not an option " if the Welsh Government wants to maintain the current number of councils , the local government minister has said .
Police have launched a major search operation in Ayrshire in a bid to trace a 73-year - old man who has been missing from his home for more than 24 hours .
Scotland 's education secretary has said he is confident a new curriculum for secondary schools will produce the results the country needs .
One of the UK 's oldest outdoor public toilets has been restored to its former glory .
Mark Roache has been elected the new general secretary of the GMB union .
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a one - year contract extension to keep him at The Oval until the end of the 2018 season .
A rail line in the Conwy Valley will be closed for several days because of flooding , Network Rail has said .
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport as the preferred option over Heathrow .
Portsmouth and 10-man Carlisle played out a draw at Fratton Park .
Three German women have been arrested in Spain after a paparazzi flashmob turned into a mass panic in a seaside town .
Hungary 's prime minister has accused EU leaders of " egoism " and " common European sense " after hundreds of migrants tried to board a train to Germany .
Dover moved up to third in the National League with a comfortable win over Chester at the Crabble Athletic Ground .
Four people have been rescued from the water after a speedboat capsized in Brixham harbour .
More than 100 soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on an Afghan army base , the defence ministry has said .
David Cameron must make clear that he will not abandon his pledge to cut net migration to 100,000 if the UK votes to leave the EU , a cross - party group of MPs has said .
More than 100 men have attended a conference in Sheffield to encourage men to report domestic abuse .
David Cameron has ruled out a " collective cabinet responsibility " to campaign for the UK to stay in or leave the EU .
South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma is facing the biggest challenge of his life .
Citizens Advice Bureau is asking for your help to stop cold calls from telemarketers .
A pilots ' union has said it is " deeply concerned " by a judge 's decision to allow prosecutors to access data from a cockpit voice recorder from a fatal helicopter crash .
Lancashire 's Alviro Petersen hit his second first - class century of the season as his side dominated day two against Gloucestershire at Lord 's .
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset .
Two fishermen have been rescued from Lough Swilly in County Tyrone after their boat broke down .
Google 's artificial intelligence system has become the first computer to master complex video games , according to researchers .
Prime Minister David Cameron is visiting a school in China to encourage children to learn new languages .
French centre - right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to make a rare speech on Monday , amid mounting pressure to quit the race .
The final few weeks before the general election will see the end of the current Parliament and the start of the new Parliament will be a busy time for MPs .
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored twice as National League Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town and reach the FA Cup third round .
Voting has begun in local council and mayoral elections across England , as well as the South Shields by - election .
More than 1,000 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the past year , police have said .
It is easy to look at England 's victory over Italy at Twickenham on Saturday and conclude that they were too good , too good for Italy , too strong for Wales .
Papers in India are worried about rising tensions between India and China over the disputed border in the Himalayas .
A sighting of a man thought to be one of two men wanted in connection with an attempted abduction at RAF Marham is not one of the suspects , police said .
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French club Racing 92 .
Australia batsman Michael Clarke hit his first Test century since the death of team - mate Phillip Hughes in November to help his team - mates in the first Test against England .
Police in China have arrested a fifth suspect in connection with Thursday 's attack in the northern city of Urumqi that killed at least 39 people , state media say .
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Adams in their win over Sheffield Wednesday .
A man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven - year - old daughter in a row over an ice cream has been jailed for life at the High Court in Belfast .
American Jason Bohn is recovering in hospital after suffering a " mild heart attack " during the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida .
Downgrading licence fee evasion to a civil offence would be a " huge risk " for the BBC , its director general has warned .
The streets of London are decked out in festive cheer as part of the city 's annual Christmas celebrations .
Northern Ireland 's first and deputy first ministers have been accused of breaching due process after the appointment of a new press secretary .
Germany and the Netherlands are due to play a Euro 2016 warm - up match in Berlin on Saturday , with security tight in the German capital ahead of the match .
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past week .
Sir Christopher Lee has released his first solo album , Metal Knight , a collection of songs inspired by his love of heavy metal .
UK technology firm ARM Holdings is set to be taken over by Japan 's Softbank in a deal that values the firm at £ 26.5bn .
Russian police have carried out a series of raids on suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult in St Petersburg and Montenegro , Russian media report .
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police 's handling of child sex abuse allegations , the force has announced .
Glamorgan pair Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both made maiden first - class centuries as the Welsh county beat Cambridge University by an innings and 95 runs at Cardiff .
Egypt says it has found " no evidence " that a bomb brought down a Russian airliner that crashed in the Sinai peninsula in November killing all 224 people on board .
The Conservative MP for Brentwood and Ongar , Sir Eric Pickles , has announced he is to stand down at the general election .
Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goal for Newcastle as Steve McClaren 's side beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone .
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened with a gun by a gang of men during a burglary at her home in Manchester .
A three - year - old German Shepherd called Ludwig is one of the most famous dogs in the UK .
Thomas Cook 's health and safety chief Justin King 's report into the deaths of two schoolgirls on holiday in Corfu shows how the company 's response to the tragedy was driven by " legal rather than human considerations " .
Doctors should give patients a two - week cooling - off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery , the UK 's medical watchdog has said .
The Confederation of African Football ( Caf ) has announced that it has signed a new sponsorship deal with one of the world 's biggest energy companies .
A school in Lancashire which has the lowest proportion of students taking A - levels in England is to close its sixth form .
Two of England 's most successful rugby union players started their careers at the same club , it has emerged .
David Barak is a senior engineer at Galex Energy Corporation , a Texas - based company that is developing new ways to extract oil from the ground .
Tens of thousands of people in the Indian state of West Bengal have gone on a one - day strike in the Darjeeling region of the state to protest against a demand for a separate state .
Lewis Hamilton said it was a " very , very odd weekend " as he failed to make up any ground on Mercedes team - mate Valtteri Bottas in the Hungarian Grand Prix .
Uganda 's President Yoweri Museveni has been re - elected with a landslide victory in Sunday 's presidential election , opposition leader Kizza Besigye says .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from besieged rebel - held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal with Russia .
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to earn a 5 - 5 draw at home to Torquay in the National League .
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League 's player of the season .
The Conservative party has won an increased majority on Northamptonshire County Council .
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will make it out of the second round of his boxing debut after lighter gloves were allowed to be used in Saturday 's bout .
US actress and former talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has been treated for a heart attack .
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and end a run of three straight defeats .
The UK 's decision to vote to leave the European Union has thrown the EU into turmoil .
US President Donald Trump has said he has " no idea " if he will be able to get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin .
North Korean leader Kim Jong - un has warned the US territory of Guam that it will " totally destroy " the island if it targets it with a missile .
Dayle Southwell scored a stoppage - time winner as Wycombe beat Stevenage to record their first win of the season .
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia .
A European Space Agency ( Esa ) demonstrator spacecraft has successfully re - entered the atmosphere and landed in the Pacific Ocean .
Glasgow School of Art ( GSA ) has received a £ 500,000 donation to help the restoration of its fire - damaged Mackintosh building .
A hospital is " desperate " to recruit nurses as it struggles to cope with a shortage of staff .
A man who hid his girlfriend 's body in a cupboard and took her benefits for several months after her death has been jailed .
St Johnstone midfielder James Stephens says it is " not time to panic " after his side 's poor run of form .
Investigators looking into the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine say they have found missile parts in the area .
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
League Two side Grimsby Town have completed the signing of Mansfield Town striker Adam Matthews .
Dame Helen Chancellor and Helen Richardson are to star in a new TV series based on two of the UK 's best - loved female characters .
Former Rangers midfielder Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in the key moments of the club 's season , according to the Ibrox side 's former manager Sir Alex Ferguson .
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is in the running to become Swindon Town 's new manager .
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races - and the first since Ayrton Senna in 1991 - with victory in Sunday 's US Grand Prix .
The world 's largest ice balls have been photographed in Russia .
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two Dambusters veteran after an advert in a newspaper was shared on social media .
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation offences .
The estranged wife of late US comedian Robin Williams has been ordered to hand over more than 1,200 items to his children in a dispute over his estate .
Russia 's central bank has cut its economic growth forecast for 2015 to 0.5 % from 0.7 % as the country 's economy continues to suffer from a slump in oil prices .
Moeen Ali hit his second Test half - century of the match to help England take control of the final Test against West Indies .
Tottenham 's FA Cup semi - final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website .
Britain 's Shauna Coxsey has retained her bouldering world title with victory in the final event of the season in China .
China has opened its first internet court , which will allow people to sue each other via the internet .
Two men armed with a knife have robbed a post office in Glasgow .
Kenneth Starr , the man who led the inquiry into Bill Clinton 's affair with a White House intern , has given his support to Hillary Clinton in her bid for the presidency .
Laura Muir says she is " gutted " she will miss the Commonwealth Games after winning the 1500 m at the London Anniversary Games .
A few days after the UK voted to leave the European Union , Elena Hrabovenska , who owns three Polish delis in Peterborough , receives a letter in the post .
St Johnstone were knocked out of the Europa League by FK Trakai in the first leg of their second qualifying round tie .
A ceasefire has started in Syria , where the city of Aleppo is located .
Wales prop Tomas Francis says he was relieved to be retained in the starting XV for Friday 's Six Nations match against England .
Former Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis- Hill is back in the UK for a series of public events to encourage people to get active .
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi - finals of the Miami Open for the first time with a straight - set win .
A memorial service is being held in Cardiff to mark the centenary of a World War One ambulance unit from south Wales .
The Rolling Stones have returned to the top of the UK album chart with their second album , Revolution Radio .
Arctic sea - ice extent is likely to be lower than expected this summer , according to a new forecast from the University of Reading .
A British man has gone missing while on holiday in Bulgaria .
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Jordan Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk .
The Scottish government is to increase the number of student teacher places available at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities by 60 .
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher has been found unfit to teach after admitting downloading more than 1,000 indecent images of children .
Ireland suffered two devastating injury blows as fly - half Johnny Sexton and captain Peter O'Mahony and captain Paul O'Connell were ruled out of their Six Nations win over France in Cardiff .
Nottinghamshire all - rounder Ryan Gurney says he is optimistic about the future despite the club 's relegation from Division Two of the County Championship .
A minimum price for alcohol in England is the most cost - effective way to reduce the harm caused by alcohol , a public health review says .
QPR midfielder Andros Townsend has been banned from all football - related activity for six months by the Football Association after being found guilty of betting offences .
US department store chains Macy 's and Kohl 's and Nordstrom have reported a sharp fall in sales as shoppers increasingly shop online .
The British and Irish Lions were without Stuart Hogg for the second Test against New Zealand after he suffered an ankle injury against the Crusaders on Saturday .
A man who forced a woman to have sex with a man he met online has been jailed for four years .
Argentina has said it will take legal action against four British oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands .
Ulster came from behind to beat Connacht 3 - 15 to 1 - 13 in the Ulster Football Cup final at Carrick - on - Shannon on Sunday .
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone 's unbeaten half - century put his side in a strong position against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford .
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Mexico City to protest against plans to legalise same - sex marriage .
Aston Villa have signed Manchester City midfielder Scott Sinclair on a four - year contract for an undisclosed fee .
Coventry City Rugby Club has met with Rugby Borough Council in a bid to find a new home for the club .
Germany 's 2 - 0 win over Poland in Frankfurt on Friday night was a welcome distraction for Scotland ahead of Monday 's World Cup qualifier against the world champions .
The first Great Exhibition of the North East is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead next year .
Liverpool 's mayor has said he will not be holding a referendum on any further council tax rises after a public consultation failed to persuade residents to back a rise .
A court in Niger has opened a criminal investigation into allegations of fraud and embezzlement linked to a multi - million dollar uranium deal .
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig moved level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich with victory over Mainz .
Roger Federer became the first man to win back - to - back Wimbledon singles and doubles titles in the same year as he thrashed Richard Gasquet in the final of the men 's doubles .
Two - time Tour de France winner Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be the favourites to win the Criterium du Dauphine , says two - time winner Alberto Contador .
It has been like a scene out of a Shakespearean tragedy .
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja and his father - in - law have been fined for taking photos of themselves and a lion in a national park .
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised one of the country 's biggest electricity companies , Transportadora de Electricidad ( TDE ) .
The RMT union has accused ScotRail of " dragging its heels " over plans to return the railways to public ownership .
The organisers of a Christmas lights festival in Durham have announced details of a new event in London .
A man in the US city of Phoenix , Arizona , has been arrested on suspicion of killing eight people in a series of drive - by shootings .
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Ben Marshall on a two - year contract for an undisclosed fee .
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious groups from losing tax - exempt status .
A former soldier has said he is " devastated " by the government 's decision to shut down the Independent Human Rights Team ( IHAT ) , which investigated allegations of abuse by Iraqi civilians against UK troops .
A judge has ordered the father of a woman held against her will in Saudi Arabia to allow her back to the UK .
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty , according to a new report .
Olympic gold medallist Helen Lucas won her first Paralympic gold medal of the season with victory at the World Para - Rowing Cup in Canada .
A conman who conned two football fans out of £ 1,000 for World Cup tickets has been ordered to pay them back .
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County and reach the Scottish Cup quarter - finals .
Gianluigi Giaccherini and Federico Pelle scored twice as Italy began their Euro 2016 campaign with victory over Belgium in Paris .
Manchester United defender Jordan McNair has been named in the draw for this year 's Milk Cup in Los Angeles .
The Liberal Democrats have lost three of their four seats in Scotland in the general election .
One of the UK 's largest care home operators , Southern Cross , is expected to announce on Wednesday that it is going into administration .
Nigel Gill is UKIP 's only MEP in Wales and the party 's only elected official in Wales .
Macclesfield boosted their National League play - off hopes with victory at Wrexham .
Angela Merkel has never been one to back down .
Hospitals in Wales have been told to cut delays in transferring patients from critical care to other wards after a rise in the number of patients was recorded .
More than £ 50 m is to be spent on a range of regeneration projects in north Wales .
League Two play - off hopefuls Carlisle and Cambridge played out a goalless draw at Brunton Park .
Northampton 's Sam Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking the head of Newcastle 's Scott Lawson in Saturday 's Premiership defeat .
Ruweyda is n't allowed to sing at school .
A Victorian fort in Pembrokeshire is to reopen to the public .
A gang of four people have pleaded guilty to selling hundreds of sick and abandoned puppies for thousands of pounds .
Madonna 's promoting her new album , Rebel Heart , by wearing a string of pearls around her head .
A zebra has died after escaping from a paddock at a golf course in Japan and running into a lake .
Scientists at Harper Adams University in London are using GPS trackers to track slugs in the soil .
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal a cash machine before stealing an ATM .
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £ 39,000 in benefits has been jailed for two years .
Jordan is one of the most important countries in the Middle East .
Scientists in the UK and Switzerland have built 10 generations of robots in one go .
Volunteers in Gwynedd have threatened to move out of a church hall in a row over rising rents .
People who leave rubbish in wheelie bins outside their homes could face fines of up to £ 1,000 if they are caught .
The driver of a tractor - trailer has been arrested on suspicion of murder after dozens of people were found dead and dozens more injured in the back of the vehicle .
Congo - Brazzaville reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter - finals for the first time with a dramatic late win over Burkina Faso .
Britain 's Chris Froome is on course to become the first man to win three Tour de France titles after winning stage 20 on Saturday .
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of an African - American woman who was found dead in a Texas jail .
Conor Thomas scored a late winner to give Swindon their first win of the season as they beat Millwall in League One .
Broadcaster Claudia Gallacher has been charged with drink - driving .
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose sharply in the second quarter of the year , according to new figures .
This is , according to Labour , the most important general election for a generation .
Annika Sorenstam believes England 's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 player in the world and is a strong candidate to captain Europe in next year 's Solheim Cup .
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly investigate allegations of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham .
Midwives in Northern Ireland have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay .
Scientists have used stem cells from a human embryo to restore hearing in animals .
A buy - to - let property tycoon is being investigated by the Equality and Human Rights Commission over claims he banned people of Indian descent from renting his properties .
An 11-year - old girl has written a letter to the burglars who broke into her home and stole her new iPhone , telling them they " scared " her .
Carmarthenshire council hopes to turn the city 's Guildhall into a " museum " after buying it to " ensure its future " .
The world 's poorest countries are the hardest places to be a girl , according to a Save the Children report .
Members of the Muslim community are visiting mosques across the UK to " de - mystify what Islam , Muslims and mosques are all about " .
It is early days in the general election campaign , but there is already a clear pattern emerging .
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since 1994 in the wake of the Brexit vote , a survey suggests .
Three hospitals in Bristol and Weston - super - Mare have been placed on " black alert " because of high demand .
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition against the proposed relocation of a statue commemorating the Falklands War .
Belfast boxer Ryan Barnes made a flying start to his professional career with a controversial first - round stoppage of veteran Bulgarian Ivan Slavchev in Belfast on Saturday .
Two secondary schools in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted after being rated inadequate .
A construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by a falling window frame .
A 106-year - old Chinese linguist is one of the country 's best - known and longest - serving public figures - and one of its most influential .
Wycombe Wanderers striker Lee Johnson has signed a new two - year contract with the League Two club .
The so - called Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Iraq and Syria now number about 15,000 fighters , the CIA says , up from the previous estimate of about 10,000 .
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his players after they came from behind to draw 1 - 1 with Northern Ireland in their final Euro 2016 warm - up game .
Microsoft has agreed to sell 650 of its patents to Facebook in a deal that will see the social networking site recoup more than half of the cost of buying them from AOL .
One of England 's biggest academy chains has been criticised by the education inspectorate for failing to improve the quality of its schools .
A man has been arrested in China for allegedly driving a Porsche around Beijing while under the influence of alcohol , state media report .
Former WBA and IBF super - middleweight champion Carl Froch says he wants to return to the ring before the end of the year .
Olympic 1500 m silver medallist Tom Daley won the 1500 m at the European Indoor Championships in Finland as Ireland finished eighth .
The scene in Manchester city centre is one of shock and disbelief .
An alleged chemical weapons expert for so - called Islamic State ( IS ) has told interrogators how the group planned to use mustard gas in Iraq and Syria , US officials say .
Birmingham City have signed West Bromwich Albion defender Martin Lindegaard on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Armando Izzo scored an own goal as Roma beat Genoa to cut Juventus ' lead at the top of Serie A to four points .
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he does not know where he will be in five or 10 years ' time but hopes to be playing at the highest level .
There is " no basis for a finding of negligence " on the part of the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) in a case brought by a former Royal Marine who was left paralysed after a diving accident , a judge has heard .
Theresa May 's plans to reform police stop and search powers in England and Wales have yet to be approved , BBC Newsnight has learned .
Bristol City will be boosted by the return of midfielder Nikica Jelavic from injury .
A British - Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her five - year sentence rejected , her husband says .
Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora on points to retain his British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles and set up a potential fight with Wladimir Klitschko .
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor in Gwynedd after being spotted by a member of the public .
Widnes Vikings moved to within a point of Super League leaders Wakefield Trinity with a hard - fought victory over Castleford Tigers .
A man has died following a three - car crash in Powys .
Labour has accused the coalition government of cutting funding for GP surgeries in England by 590 in the past five years , as it launched its election campaign .
Two more men have been arrested by police investigating the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a garden in Nottingham .
Farmers in Wales are being urged to come together in a bid to help the struggling dairy industry .
The family of a Denbighshire man who has been missing in Peru for more than a month are planning to fly to the country to find him .
The father and father of murdered Bradford woman Zainab Shahid have appeared in court charged with her murder .
Two crematorium workers who used another person 's ashes to cover up a mistake at a crematorium have been sacked .
Work has started on a new Hippodrome , a theatre , cafe and cafe in a former whaling centre in the Highlands .
A lifeboat crew has been called out to assist a group of sailors who became stranded on Lough Neagh .
It was a disappointing start to the Formula 1 season for Red Bull , who finished third in the Australian Grand Prix as Mercedes and Ferrari dominated .
Wang Ching - chun and her husband , Clyde , live in Taipei , Taiwan .
A record number of prisoners escaped from prisons in England and Wales in 2016 - 17 - up by two on the year before - and the number of inmates released by mistake rose by seven to 71 .
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in County Antrim .
England manager Sam Allardyce says it was a " great shame " that Great Britain 's women 's football team could not compete at the 2016 Olympics .
A former purchasing manager who defrauded his company out of thousands of pounds has been ordered to pay back more than £ 115,000 .
A sculpture of a Hindu goddess believed to have been stolen from an Indian temple has been returned to a Singapore museum after a US art dealer admitted selling it .
Rio 2016 's anti - doping programme was " severely disrupted " by logistical problems , a report has found .
The French government has paid tribute to the victims of last week 's terror attacks in Paris , which left 17 people dead .
A court in Israel has sentenced former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to seven years in prison for corruption .
The family of a Bristol man who died on the French Riviera have said they have been " kept in the dark " about the circumstances of his death .
Belgian police have arrested three people on suspicion of planning terrorist attacks in Brussels , officials say .
Bristol head coach Karl Robinson says the sudden departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach has " kicked us hard " .
Nick Cave 's son fell to his death from a Brighton cliff after taking LSD , an inquest has heard .
Nasa 's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the discovery of a new world similar in size and shape to Earth .
Plans to improve transport in north west Cardiff have been unveiled by Cardiff council .
A cargo ship has collided with the King Edward Pier in Douglas , the Isle of Man .
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made it to Europe will be eligible for resettlement in the UK , David Cameron has announced .
A week ago , the story of Yamato Tanooka , a seven - year - old Japanese boy who went missing while on a family trip to the countryside , was a simple one .
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr , who was killed in a bomb attack in County Tyrone , is taking place in Belfast .
Jockey AP McCoy said he was " very lucky " to end his career in " one piece " as he was presented with the champion jockey 's trophy at Cheltenham 's Festival .
Two men have been found not guilty of the manslaughter of Alan Kurdi , who drowned while trying to cross the Mediterranean from Turkey to Greece .
Golfer Luke Donald says he asked himself whether he wanted to continue playing golf after a slump that saw him drop out of the world rankings .
Rangers manager Mark Warburton says he has " no doubt " Brendan Rodgers is the right man to succeed him at Celtic .
The body of a man has been found in the boot of a car in Birmingham .
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May urging her to split the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire into two parts .
Vulnerable adults in police custody in England and Wales are not getting the support they need from appropriate adults , a report has found .
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said he was a " tremendous son who was always willing to help " .
It is not often that a club 's name has to be changed .
The number of European Union ( EU ) workers in the UK workforce has risen sharply in the past year , according to official figures .
Defending champion Andy Murray beat Italian Fabio Fognini in a five - set thriller at Wimbledon to reach the fourth round .
Essex and Glamorgan will try to maintain their hopes of reaching the One - Day Cup quarter - finals for the first time this season when they meet at Chelmsford .
India set South Africa a target of 300 to win the third and final Test in Mohali and seal a 3 - 0 series whitewash .
Human remains have been found at a site in Peterborough .
Laura Robson was on holiday in Italy at the end of last month when she got the news that she had been given a wildcard into the US Open qualifying draw .
The head of cycling 's world governing body , Brian Cookson , says he is " not trying to dodge any of his responsibility " for British Cycling 's problems .
In the Afghan city of Mazar - e - Sharif , in the north - west of the country , the BBC 's M Ilyas Khan was given the chance to meet the man who built Afghanistan 's biggest digger .
Tributes have been paid to the British singer - songwriter and musician Sam Smith , who has died at the age of 28 .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Bedfordshire .
A 12-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car .
A care home run by Cornwall Care has been rated as inadequate by the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) .
A cheetah fitted with a tracking collar has been shot dead by a farmer in Botswana as part of a research project .
The number of hectares planted with coca - the raw ingredient for cocaine - in Colombia has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a UN report .
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been reunited with his owner after being found at a pet store .
Colin Kazim - Richards scored the only goal of the game as Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter - finals with victory over Arsenal at Ewood Park .
A norovirus outbreak at a Cardiff hospital has prompted a health board to warn people not to visit the area unless absolutely necessary .
Two Kilcoo players have been suspended by the Ulster Council following an investigation into allegations of racist abuse .
The use of unauthorised restraint techniques on deportation flights should be grounds for dismissal , a group of MPs has said .
Up to 17 cm ( 5 in ) of snow has fallen in some parts of northern England , causing travel disruption and disruption .
West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham .
West Ham have signed Fenerbahce striker Emmanuel Emenike on a season - long loan deal .
Two people have been taken to hospital following a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow .
Scientists have used a genetic tape recorder to trace the origins of hundreds of thousands of cells in a laboratory animal .
A railway line has been closed for more than a week after part of it collapsed .
Pako Ayestaran has been appointed Valencia head coach on a two - year contract after Gary Neville agreed to leave the Spanish club .
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of trying to smuggle cocaine with the help of a Colombian man , her family says .
" When you start a business in Kenya , you are not considered an entrepreneur , " says Elizabeth Terry .
If you 've been feeling sad or worried about something you 've seen or heard in the news , or if you 're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of what you 've heard or read , you 're not alone .
Fernando Fernandez was born in Havana to a Cuban father and a Cuban mother .
A High Court judge has been asked to rule on the legality of a £ 1.5 m wind farm cable scheme in Powys .
Turkey 's military has sacked three more senior military officials in the wake of last month 's failed coup , the interior ministry says .
Portsmouth goalkeeper Carl Carson produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a goalless draw at home to Hartlepool .
A lack of basic digital skills is the biggest barrier to Scottish small businesses doing more business online , according to a report .
Driving test examiners and coastguard staff in England and Wales are to stage a series of strikes in a row over cuts to services .
It 's been another busy week in the entertainment world , with the Baftas , Grammys and New York Fashion Week all taking centre stage .
The daughter of former Labour peer Lord Janner , who has been accused of historical child sex abuse , has said it is an " outrage " that he will not be cross - examined by an inquiry into the allegations .
Johanna Konta 's career has taken her from Australian Open semi - finalist to world number one in less than two weeks .
Facebook has been urged by a Belgian watchdog to explain more about how it uses the data it collects on its users .
The deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow are being treated as unexplained , police have said .
The UK economy grew by 0.3 % in the second quarter of the year , according to the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) .
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being " deliberately antagonistic " in a row over his refusal to appear before them .
Photographs and film stills from the career of Sir David Attenborough have gone up for auction .
Thousands of people have taken part in the Apprentice Boys parade in Londonderry .
Scotland 's Russell Knox has enlisted the help of former Masters champion Sandy Lyle as he bids to win his first major title at this week 's Masters .
European leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to reach an agreement on how to tackle the migrant crisis .
Traffic management measures are due to come into effect as part of the £ 1.2bn M8 and M74 motorway upgrades .
Shadow home secretary Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for comparing the death of Osama Bin Laden to the 9/11 attacks .
Astronomers have discovered the most distant object in our Solar System .
Police in Italy and the US have arrested 22 people in a series of raids in New York and Italy .
A charity has criticised adverts for a conferencing service for showing people in masks .
A homeless man who has raised more than £ 100,000 for homeless people has been recognised in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
Swansea City have been relegated from the Premier League after Crystal Palace beat Hull City 4 - 0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday , 7 May.
The Abu Dhabi United Group , owner of Manchester City Football Club , has agreed to invest £ 500 m in a plan to build thousands of homes in the city centre .
Australia retained the Four Nations title with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield as they ran in five tries in a dominant display .
An 85-year - old woman has died following a crash between a car and a lorry in Manchester .
A booklet giving voters the information they need to vote in the EU referendum has been sent to 10 million homes in Wales .
Sophie Raworth is to join the presenting line - up of BBC One 's Watchdog .
A man with mental health problems has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a great - grandfather who was killed in a car crash .
Britain 's Chris Froome won the Criterium du Dauphine for the third time in four years with victory on Sunday .
Turkey 's president has accused Germany of having " no relation with democracy " and compared it to Nazi Germany , in a row that has strained relations between the two countries .
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being falsely accused of being an IRA member has said he will " fight to his grave " for compensation .
Anthony Joshua has the " b brutish strength " of George Foreman and Frank Bruno , says former world heavyweight champion George Harrison .
The Republic of Ireland 's Citizens ' Assembly has voted in favour of legalising abortion in all circumstances .
Turkish forces have been exchanging fire with Islamic State ( IS ) militants in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus , close to the border with Syria .
Scottish Chambers of Commerce business optimism remains positive , but there are warning signals , according to a survey .
Anthony Joshua has a " chink in his armour " against Wladimir Klitschko , says former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis .
Jatropha trees planted in deserts could capture up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year , according to a study .
Lewis Hamilton headed team - mate Nico Rosberg and Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix as the battle for pole position intensified .
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for £ 14,400 .
The proportion of premises in Wales with super - fast internet connections has improved , according to a report from communications regulator Ofcom .
A £ 50 m link road linking Cardiff Bay with the east of the city is set to open later .
The future of a Leicestershire museum has been put in doubt after it was withdrawn from a lottery bid .
Bernard Tomic said he was " bored " and " disrespectful " after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round of Wimbledon .
Sir Jeffery Amherst , the former governor of Guernsey , is one of the most famous British colonial figures in history .
BBC News School Report is back and this year 's theme is " News for real " .
The Scottish Labour Party will be holding its spring conference in Aberdeen later .
A group representing Dartmoor hill ponies has called for the sale of their meat to help save the breed from extinction .
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the six months of fighting between Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza .
A huge billboard in County Down has gone viral on social media after it was donated by a mystery donor .
Burglars who broke into a pharmacy in Aberdeen and stole a quantity of benzodiazepine tablets have been arrested .
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire 's Sherwood Forest have been criticised by campaigners .
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh that it was a " struggle for life " for her to breathe .
The UK and other developed countries are giving less than a third of what they should be giving to the humanitarian appeal for Syria , charity Oxfam says .
Uefa president Michel Platini is expected to appeal against his six - month ban from football 's world governing body Fifa over allegations of corruption .
Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Joe Ward on a two - year deal following his release by the League One club .
Great Britain 's Hannah Cheshire missed out on a place in the women 's slopestyle final at the X Games in Sierra Nevada , USA .
Colombia 's government and the Farc rebel group say they will ask the UN Security Council to set up a mechanism to oversee any ceasefire and disarmament .
Plans to reform prisons , tackle extremism and tackle extremism have been announced in the Queen 's Speech .
A health trust has admitted failing to provide safe care and treatment after a patient fell from a roof at a mental health unit .
Waste collections in Somerset have resumed after a week of disruption due to industrial action .
Manchester United defender Ashley Shaw has been added to the squad for the pre - season tour of the United States .
So , yes , it was a " big Budget " .
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to " isolate and ostracise " him from his family by asking his father to intervene in a row over his criticism of the leader .
Northern Ireland 's manufacturing and retail sectors are benefiting from a weaker pound , according to the Ulster Bank .
A UKIP councillor in Northern Ireland has been expelled from the party .
Theresa May has been confronted by angry residents at a church in Kensington , where she met families affected by the Grenfell Tower fire .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a " targeted attack " outside a Denbighshire shop .
Wrexham 's Burrell Museum will reopen to the public in 2020 as part of a £ 66 m project to revamp the building .
US security officials say they have been in touch with French and British intelligence agencies as preparations for the Super Bowl get under way in California .
John Terry says he has " no idea " where he will play next season as he continues to consider his future .
A man with paranoid schizophrenia who stabbed an elderly motorist to death in a " violent , unprovoked attack " has been jailed for 12 years .
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Luton beat Leyton Orient at Kenilworth Road .
A Major League Baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the New York Mets has been cancelled because of riots in the US city of Baltimore .
A man has been charged with using a drone to drop drugs and mobile phones into a prison .
A driving instructor who caused the death of a 92-year - old woman by driving into on - coming traffic has been jailed .
Councillors in Scotland 's largest council areas are to discuss a number of major infrastructure projects as part of a major funding package .
American football player Troy Polamalu has announced that he will retire at the age of 33 .
A man dubbed " Fred Flintstone " has been crowned Europe 's Strongest Man at the World Championships .
A virtual reality app has been launched in Llandudno to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Lewis Carroll 's Alice in Wonderland .
As George and Amal Clooney welcome their newborn babies into the world , here 's what you need to know .
A former soldier who was awarded the Prince of Wales 's bravery medal for his actions during a roadside bomb attack in 2005 has been left with post - traumatic stress disorder .
The Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , has called for religious education to be made a compulsory subject in secondary schools in England .
SeaWorld in San Diego , California , has been ordered to stop bringing in orca whales from the wild .
Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from racing for the rest of the season because of an investigation into data relating to his altitude training .
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full - time training following a disciplinary procedure .
Arriva Trains has said some of its high - speed trains are being taken out of use for maintenance work .
Wales Under-20s secured their first win of the World Rugby U20 Championship with a narrow victory over Italy in Cardiff .
When Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda decided to start their own business in the summer of 2012 , they had no idea what to do .
Six people have been arrested after a football match was disrupted by a mass pitch invasion .
Wimbledon will play all of its second - round matches on Sunday - the middle Sunday of this year 's tournament - because of the weather .
A community group has called on a council to delay the sale of a former school site in Ceredigion in a bid to save it from development .
A five - year - old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire .
One of the four instruments on the James Webb space telescope has passed a key test campaign ahead of its launch next year .
You can spend several hours being jostled by French camera crews , squashed by Italian snappers , or shoved unceremoniously out of the way by any one of 27 other countries ' journalists as the leaders of the European Union arrive in Brussels .
" You do n't have to be married nine times to be happy . "
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to trying to rig one of the world 's key interest rates .
Stem cells from the liver could be used to regenerate diseased livers , according to scientists .
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager David Lynch after just six months in charge .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) has sanctioned Northern Ireland boxers Michael Conlan , Joe Donnelly and Gary Fowler for breaching betting rules at the Rio 2016 Games .
Plans to demolish three hotels to make way for a multi - million pound development have been approved by councillors .
Dilma Rousseff 's removal as president of Brazil is the latest in a series of dramatic events in Latin America in recent years that have brought back memories of the rule of military dictatorships .
A man has admitted stabbing his wife to death in a " stabbing frenzy " after discovering he was the father of their two children .
Rescue teams in Colombia are searching for survivors after a landslide in the western province of Antioquia killed at least 50 people .
A huge fire at an oil refinery in Kent has been brought under control after burning for more than 24 hours .
Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn .
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn , Heddlu Dyfed Powys a'r Gweithgor Iechyd a Diogelwch yn cynnal ymchwiliad yng Nghastell Martin yn ym
More than £ 500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a fire at a care home in Greater Manchester .
President Donald Trump has accused former President Barack Obama 's national security adviser of asking intelligence chiefs to reveal the identities of US citizens caught up in foreign surveillance .
A Denbighshire man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag on social media to raise awareness of the condition .
South Sudan 's civil war has turned into one of the world 's worst refugee crises , with tens of thousands of people fleeing their homes to escape the violence .
India 's biggest online retailer , Flipkart , has raised $ 1.3bn ( Â£1.1bn ) in its latest round of funding , valuing the company at more than $ 10bn .
Hungary 's foreign minister , Peter Szijjarto , has said his country will not backtrack on controversial laws it has passed despite pressure from the EU .
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the " heartland " of a lost Dark Age kingdom .
A roofer has been jailed for six years for the manslaughter of a worker who fell to his death from a warehouse roof .
A nest of Egyptian geese has been discovered in a bird box 20 ft ( 6 m ) above a nature reserve .
Ospreys full - back Ken Owens says the Ospreys are hoping their recent run of form is just a " glitch " after they lost to Scarlets .
A growing number of home routers and other smart devices are being infected with malware that tries to protect them from being hacked , a security firm says .
The world changed on 6 August 1945 when the US dropped its first atomic bomb on Japan .
Scientists have revealed the complete nervous system of an extinct arthropod for the first time .
Olympic Games 2016 is just around the corner !
The Metropolitan Opera in New York has cancelled a live broadcast of an opera about a hijacking in which a Jewish passenger was killed by Palestinian militants .
Port Vale manager Bruno Ribeiro has left the club by mutual consent after less than two months in charge .
Scientists have found a new source of ultra - pure silicon that could be used to build quantum computers .
McLaren 's poor start to the Formula 1 season is " not good enough " , says team principal Eric Boullier .
Sir Roger Federer , Paralympic champion Dai Greene and Olympic cycling gold medallist Ger Thomas are among those featured in a new film about life - changing moments .
The results of the Scottish council elections have dominated the front pages , with the SNP claiming victory in Dumfries and Galloway .
Singer Enrique Iglesias has been taken to hospital in Los Angeles after fracturing his hand in a freak accident .
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time in more than a decade after supermarkets cut prices .
The controversial Garden Bridge over the River Thames should be scrapped , a review of the project has recommended .
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a crocodile farm in South Africa 's Limpopo province , which has been hit by devastating floods .
Former Nottingham Forest boss Steve Davies says he would be " delighted " to return to the Championship club if he is offered the chance .
A protest over the Welsh language has taken place outside the Welsh government 's headquarters in Cardiff .
Adebayo Akinfenwa 's injury - time equaliser earned Wycombe a point at Morecambe and kept their League Two play - off hopes alive .
Angelina Jolie 's decision to have a risk - reducing mastectomy may have boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer , research suggests .
SSE has been told it will not be able to build an upgraded electricity line between Inverness and Aberdeen .
Plans for a new football stadium in Cornwall have been backed by the prime minister , who said he would make extra money available to pay for it .
( Close ) : The US dollar rose against the yen and the euro on Monday , while the S&P 500 closed lower .
Evidence of a " co - ordinated agenda " to introduce an " aggressive Islamist ethos " into some Birmingham schools has been found in a government - commissioned report into the so - called " Trojan Horse " affair , a leaked report says .
Paintings by one of Wales ' best - known artists , Barbara Williams , are to go on show for the first time in a year .
England 's James Lewis won gold in the men 's long jump at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as Scotland 's James Cutts took silver .
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Republic of Ireland to protest against rising water bills .
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games by the Italian Football Federation after being sent off in Saturday 's defeat by Udinese .
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two - year deal .
Friends of the Earth and War on Want are among those who have signed a petition calling on the European Union to stop trade talks with the US .
Peterborough United have signed striker Jordan Lloyd from Notts County for an undisclosed fee .
Essex 's batsmen struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Bristol .
A man who died after being hit by a car in Caterham , south London , may have been the victim of a stabbing , an inquest has heard .
Swansea University is to spend £ 2.5 m refurbishing one of its buildings .
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is " absolutely in favour " of equality for gay and lesbian people .
Millwall came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bury and end a run of three straight League One defeats .
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant on social media with a joke about his mugshot .
More than 1.2 million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to council budgets , a report says .
A Londonderry woman who was sacked from her job as a carer for her disabled daughter has been awarded £ 20,000 in damages .
Neymar scored the only goal of the game as Barcelona missed the chance to go top of La Liga as they were beaten by Sevilla .
Creditors in Northern Ireland are due to vote on a plan by the Taggart brothers to avoid bankruptcy .
One of David Cameron 's most senior cabinet ministers has said he will campaign for the UK to leave the EU .
A gay couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral parlour after they say they were turned away from a mortuary because they were married to men .
Swimmers have been warned to be on the lookout for jellyfish after swarms of the tiny creatures appeared in the sea .
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich 's airport .
A group of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan bread .
The captain of the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia , which capsized in January 2012 killing 32 people , has begun an appeal against his conviction .
Three friends who stopped a burglar from stealing jewellery from a house have been honoured by police for their bravery .
Carmarthenshire council has said it is " extremely disappointed and concerned " a university 's application for public funding for a new creative hub in the town has been rejected .
A man in his 20s has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry .
US drugmaker Mylan has said it plans to cut the price of its EpiPen allergy treatment , which has been at the centre of a row over price rises .
Italian playwright Dario Fo , one of the country 's best - known playwrights , has died at the age of 90 .
Pupils at a primary school which has been closed after a row over the conduct of its head teacher are to return to school on Thursday .
At least five Afghan soldiers have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on an army bus in the capital Kabul .
Plans to build a hydro - electric power station on a river in Snowdonia have been withdrawn .
A former hotel worker has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a feral cat in the kitchen of a hotel .
Ken Morley has apologised for his behaviour in the Celebrity Big Brother house .
Lukas Jutkiewicz came off the bench to rescue a draw for Birmingham City in an FA Cup third - round replay at home to Newcastle United .
More money was spent using contactless payments in the UK last year than at any time in the last seven years , according to the industry .
The mother of a two - year - old boy who drowned in a bath has told a court she was " stupid " for not going upstairs to check on him the day he died .
A UKIP parliamentary candidate has resigned from his seat after posting offensive comments about US President Barack Obama on Facebook .
Glamorgan have announced the dates for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign .
Mobile phone operators and porn sites could face fines of up to £ 2 m a day if they fail to meet agreed service targets under plans proposed by the government .
A paramedic who posted offensive comments about a Stafford Hospital nurse on Facebook has been struck off .
A village pub in Somerset has been bought by a group of villagers who raised more than £ 300,000 to buy it .
A Czech hiker who spent more than a month in New Zealand 's New Zealand bush after her partner died has described her ordeal as " very harrowing " .
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian has died after a battle with cancer .
All images courtesy of Dronestagram .
It 's 70 years since the end of World War Two , when millions of people in the UK were forced to flee their homes because of the war .
A dossier detailing allegations of bullying in the Conservative Party was handed to the party 's chairman Lord Feldman in 2010 , a senior activist has said .
Laptops made by Lenovo have been infected with hidden adware designed to help users find the cheapest products online , according to security experts .
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City defender Jordan Houghton on loan until the end of the season .
American football star Jessica Chastain , who scored the winning goal in the 1999 Women 's World Cup final , is to donate her brain to research into the effects of concussion .
A legal challenge to the UK government 's decision to trigger Brexit has been rejected by the High Court .
More than 700 employers in London have signed up for the voluntary London living wage , the Living Wage Foundation has said .
Stuart McCall 's first game in charge of Bradford ended in a draw as they drew with Oldham at Valley Parade .
More than 100 people have been arrested as part of a police crackdown on domestic abuse during Euro 2016 .
Plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting England only have been unveiled by the government .
Four men have been airlifted to safety after getting into difficulty on a cliff in Skye .
US media giant 21st Century Fox has made a £ 11.25bn bid to take full control of pay TV firm Sky .
A fire on the set of EastEnders has not affected the BBC soap 's 30th anniversary celebrations , it has emerged .
The Irish broadcaster and broadcaster Máirtín Ó Murchú has died in Dublin .
Ecuador 's presidential election will go to a run - off after one candidate failed to win enough votes to avoid a second round .
David Cameron has called on Turkey to do more to stop British jihadists travelling to Syria and Iraq to fight for Islamic State .
South Korean team SKT - Gaming has won the League of Legends ( LoL ) World Championship for the second time in three years .
Russia 's main opposition leader , Alexei Navalny , has been found guilty of taking part in an unauthorised rally , a court has ruled .
A court in Saudi Arabia has begun the trial of 32 people accused of spying for Iran .
A cycle hire scheme which was suspended last year after its operator went bust has been reinstated .
The East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) has been told it must improve its emergency response times , staff numbers and staffing levels .
A section of the pier which collapsed at Anglesey 's Severn Pier in February is to be demolished .
The Environment Agency has carried out its biggest ever flood training exercise in the Calderdale area in a bid to prepare for flooding .
Some schools in Wales are " gaming the system " by putting in too many pupils for early entry to GCSE , a senior civil servant has said .
Rugby should be banned from schools in England because of the risk of serious injuries to young players , a leading academic has said .
The Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh has opened its first exhibition of works by Caravaggio .
A team of Iranian - American girls who travelled to the US to take part in a science and technology competition have won a silver medal .
For centuries the Church of England has been dominated by men .
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp during a school visit .
Two - time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the semi - finals of the Aegon Classic with a 6 - 4 6 - 2 win over American Madison Brengle at Eastbourne .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday , with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs .
Tommy Draper scored a hat - trick as Torquay United reached the Scottish League Two play - off final with victory over Forfar Athletic .
A group of polar bears at a safari park in Tanzania , Tanzania , in South East Asia , have been caught on camera popping an object out of their mouth .
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on polling day in a bid to encourage young people to vote .
UKIP Wales leader Neil Hamilton has called on AM Nathan Gill to quit his " double - job " as an MEP and a part - time politician .
Science clubs and field trips are key to raising standards in schools , the education watchdog Estyn has said .
BMW has reported better - than - expected profits for the first three months of the year , helped by a rise in the value of its stake in Here , its mapping technology business .
A gold pendant made from an early copy of a Byzantine coin has been found in Norfolk .
Lichfield Ladies have called on the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their exclusion from the Women 's Super Rugby competition .
Liz Carr , the actress who played Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music , has died at the age of 91 .
Jean - Claude Juncker , the new head of the European Commission , has said he was " not the architect " of tax evasion while Luxembourg 's prime minister .
The Scottish government is to investigate a council 's plans to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire .
A man 's body has been found after a fire broke out at a house in Brighton .
Wrestling is set to make its first foray into China .
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is " proud " of Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood and will work with her " in the best interests of our two countries " .
Jailed student David Gilmour did not realise he was hanging from the Cenotaph during the London riots , a court has heard .
A sex offender who took legal action against Facebook after his picture was posted on a page about paedophiles has won a High Court ruling .
A " joke " sign on a Nottingham tram stop has been branded an " absolute joke " by commuters after it spelled the university 's name wrong .
A novel written more than 30 years ago about US President - elect Donald Trump 's first day in office has been published in the UK .
A German man who killed a motorcyclist in a crash on Anglesey has been jailed for two years .
Survivors of the " worst journey on earth " during World War II have received medals from the Russian embassy in London .
Kids in Adelaide , Australia , have been given the chance to redesign national parks in their own virtual reality world .
Botswana 's world 400 m champion has accused athletics ' governing body of " something fishy " after he was barred from the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak .
The owners of a golf course in Skye have said a dog has escaped unscratched from a sinkhole that opened up on their course .
League Two side Blackpool have signed former York City and York City midfielder Joe Ward on a one - year deal .
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new four - year contract with the Premier League club .
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016 , we look back at some of the most memorable moments in Welsh football history .
Russia will be fined by European football 's governing body Uefa for crowd trouble at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille , officials say .
Rents for top - quality office space in Belfast have risen , but are still well below the UK average , according to new figures .
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich .
The UK government has agreed to allow Scotland to have its own divisional patent court .
Toyota has agreed to help fund the development of a flying car project in Japan , according to reports .
A North Korean court has sentenced a US citizen to life in prison with hard labour for " hostile acts " against the state .
Wales ' best players such as George North should be playing in Wales , says Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Gareth Davies .
Northern Ireland 's Paul Dunne missed out on a first European Tour title as Italy 's Francesco Molinari won the Italian Open by one shot after a play - off on Sunday .
Oscar - winning film 12 Years a Slave is set to be released on more screens in North America this weekend , following its success at the Oscars .
British and Irish Lions scrum - half Stuart Bowe returned to action for Ulster A in their Pro12 match against Connacht on Thursday .
Archaeologists and geoscientists are to use laser beams to map the effects of climate change on coastal erosion .
Scotland hooker Jamie Hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby after being left out of Vern Cotter 's World Cup squad .
If you 've ever watched a football match on TV , you 'll know that it 's very difficult to get a good summary of the whole game .
A football player has pleaded guilty to having an offensive weapon after allegedly threatening to cut the throat of Clacton fans during a match .
A cat has died after being stabbed in a " shocking and completely senseless " attack .
Teachers ' pay in England is among the lowest in the world , according to a report by the OECD .
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter - finals with a hard - fought win over Halifax .
A large study of overweight and obese women with breast cancer is to be carried out at the American Society of Clinical Oncology ( ASCO ) conference in Chicago .
West Ham United fans have voted in favour of a game between the club 's men 's and women 's teams at Upton Park .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist died in a crash with a car .
Scientists in the US have developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall .
A report into an " offensive stereotyping " incident involving medical students at Cardiff University has highlighted a number of " specific and overarching issues " .
It 's been a long time coming , but artificial intelligence ( AI ) is finally starting to take off .
Rising property prices in China have driven up the cost of housing for millions of young people in the world 's second largest economy .
The Football Supporters ' Federation ( FSF ) has called on Premier League clubs to set up their own in - house ticket exchange systems to stop fans being sold tickets illegally .
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,300 " badly made " life jackets from a workshop used by migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean to Greece .
Maria Sharapova may have beaten Serena Williams in the Wimbledon final , but she did not know who some of the stars who were watching her were .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister , replacing Tony Abbott , who was ousted by his own party .
Switzerland striker Zeljko Mehmedi says he will not swap jerseys with Lionel Messi when his side face Argentina in their World Cup quarter - final on Thursday and insists he is not here as a tourist .
Newport County striker James Washington says he is " proud of his achievements " after scoring his first two goals for Northern Ireland .
Argentina 's presidential election will go to a second round next month after no candidate won an outright majority in the first round .
Dawid Malan hit an unbeaten 72 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets to complete a 3 - 0 Twenty20 series whitewash .
Hundreds of headstones were removed from a Glasgow cemetery where a boy was killed by a gravestone , an inquiry has heard .
A contestant on a TV talent show has been mocked on social media for his " bonkers " tan - but the star of the show says it was all in good fun .
US - led coalition air strikes have killed a senior commander of so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in the Iraqi city of Falluja , the Pentagon says .
A woman who was told she would never walk again after being diagnosed with a debilitating illness is to marry her fiancee .
A father and son jailed for the murder of a pensioner have had their sentences increased on appeal .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved four points clear at the top of the Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a " free vote " on UK air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria .
Engineering firm Vert Rotors has raised £ 1.5 m in funding to expand its manufacturing operations in Edinburgh .
A US man who was wrongly convicted of murder 22 years ago and sentenced to death has been released from prison after a judge overturned his conviction .
US President Barack Obama has visited the home of Bob Marley on the first day of his visit to Jamaica .
Rescuers are searching a mountain in Vietnam for a British backpacker who went missing after falling while attempting to climb the world 's highest peak .
Northamptonshire and Sussex had to settle for a draw after rain washed out the final day of their Division Two match at New Road .
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of an excavation at a water treatment works .
The leader of Bahrain 's main opposition group , al - Wefaq , has called for the appointment of a senior member of the royal family as a mediator in the country 's crisis .
A Denbighshire teacher who sent " creepy " messages to two teenage girls and bought them gifts has been sacked .
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants the UK to be able to trade freely with the EU after Brexit .
The new Harry Potter spin - off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office on its opening weekend .
Theresa May has said she is a " bloody difficult woman " and that talks with European Commission President Jean - Claude Juncker will be tough .
A total of 17 police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football , the BBC has learned .
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA is to be allowed to travel to the Republic of Ireland on bail .
One of the most recognisable images of an Afghan girl on the cover of National Geographic magazine has been arrested in Pakistan .
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two - year deal .
A man who punched and headbutted worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months .
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has left the Bears by mutual consent .
ScotRail has said it will run fewer trains on Sundays this weekend as a result of industrial action by its drivers .
Microsoft founder and philanthropist Bill Gates has given away his remaining shares in the software giant for the third time to charity .
MSPs have been given a standing ovation as Scottish Conservative leader Owen Smith called on the European Union not to " let Scotland down " .
A woman has been seriously injured after a bus and a car crashed in Edinburgh .
A woman left with a " bulldog bite " after spending thousands of pounds on implants and crowns has said she feels like she has been " butchered " .
A minister has been accused of a " cynical way of spending public money on a useless poster campaign to promote the Metro project .
The Scottish Conservatives have accused the Scottish government of " hypocrisy " after it was accused of failing to take any responsibility for education spending .
Taylor Swift says she was " shocked and in disbelief " when she found out she was mistaken for a lookalike .
For more than a century and a half , the Swansea Canal was one of the world 's most important waterways , carrying water from the south Wales valleys to the port of Swansea .
Bristol Rovers manager Karl Saunders is investigating claims striker Mame Biram Diouf was seen in a nightclub hours before a Championship match .
Second hand Volkswagen cars have not fallen in value since the emissions scandal broke a year ago , according to research .
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis is facing an ultimatum from his fellow shareholders Ojjeh and Mumtalakat over his future , BBC Sport understands .
Satellites have revealed the locations of more than 1,000 ancient pyramids in Egypt , according to a new study .
The January transfer window is about to open in England , Scotland and Wales .
A feasibility study into the possibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle has been welcomed by campaigners .
The director general of the Philippine police , Gen Rodolfo Palomino , is to be investigated for corruption , Attorney General Luis Carlos Ordonez says .
A primary school has been accused of breaching the Equality Act after a four - year - old girl wore a headscarf to school .
Nationwide , the UK 's biggest mortgage lender , has reported a fall in the value of its buy - to - let mortgage lending for the first quarter .
Easter is one of the most popular holidays of the year for many people , but for many it is also the most disappointing .
Who 's the best baker in the world ?
A planned strike by Tower Transit bus drivers has been called off .
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex 's Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season .
Political parties should not touch or handle a completed ballot paper at polling stations , a review into election fraud has found .
Will Miller scored a late equaliser as Burton Albion came from behind to draw with Wolves at Molineux .
A Rottweiler seized by police and kept in kennels for two years before being put down was not allowed to leave his kennel , it has emerged .
Gareth Bale says it would be an " amazing thing " for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 after his late goal helped them beat Cyprus and set up a crucial match against Israel .
Steel workers at Tata Steel 's Shotton plant in Newport could lose their jobs , a union has warned .
A man has been detained by police in Sydney , Australia 's largest city , after a security alert in the city centre .
Students at a Dundee college have created a bag which can " ear " you when you use a credit card .
A Google Street View camera backpack has been used to capture 360-degree views of Scotland 's canals .
A man has been jailed for more than two years after drugs with a street value of almost Â£130,000 were found in a wheelie bin .
In a speech at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Ohio , Bobby Jindal has offered a prescription for the party 's image problem .
Mental health services for children and young people in England are " grossly lacking " , according to a new report .
A teenager has pleaded guilty to two counts of hacking and one of impairing access to a computer in connection with attacks on the parenting website Mumsnet .
Gloucester reached the quarter - finals of the European Champions Cup with a bonus - point win over Cardiff Blues at Kingholm .
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital building have advertised it for sale on the property website Rightmove .
Plans to devolve control over fracking in Wales have been put on hold by the Welsh government .
The company that runs Southern rail paid out more than £ 2 m in compensation for disruption last year , figures show .
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim and extend their unbeaten Bundesliga run to 11 games with a 2 - 1 win at the Allianz Arena .
Voters in Scotland will go to the polls on 8 September to decide whether they want to stay in or leave the UK .
As Russia 's financial crisis deepens , millions of people are struggling to pay off loans and mortgages - but how do they cope ?
Chelsea missed the chance to go top of their Champions League group as they were held to a draw by Porto .
The government is considering curbs on the rights of Romanian and Bulgarian migrants to live and work in the UK , the BBC understands .
Nigerian fraudster James Ibori has been awarded £ 1.5 m in damages by the High Court after a judge ruled he was unlawfully detained in the UK .
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney , Australia , charged in connection with the murder of a police officer in an apparent terror attack .
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a point against Manchester United at Old Trafford .
South Africa 's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country 's economy is in " crisis " .
Wakefield came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons at the Halliwell Jones Stadium .
A shop assistant has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a shop in Londonderry .
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Leeds United as they beat Luton Town at Kenilworth Road .
New York City 's Liberty Island was evacuated after reports of a " suspicious package " near the Statue of Liberty .
Myanmar 's security forces have killed and raped hundreds of members of the country 's Rohingya Muslim minority , the UN says .
Swansea City legend John Curtis has been with the club for more than 40 years and has played a key role in their rise to the top of English football .
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay £ 1.5 m to the family of a 16-year - old boy who died after suffering a heart attack while playing for the club 's youth academy .
A man has been jailed for 15 months after leading police on a high - speed chase through West Sussex .
Martin McGuinness is to visit World War One battlefields in Belgium and France later this month .
The family of a teacher stabbed to death by a pupil have called for an independent inquiry into her death .
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
US Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner has been known to cry many times over the years , but now he has announced he is quitting Congress .
Plans for an energy storage scheme at an abandoned quarry in Snowdonia have been approved by planners .
Wales ' four MEPs are only recognised by 12 % of the public who see their names on the internet , a study suggests .
There is a strange calm about Greece this week .
Oscar - winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a film about Kenyan conservationist John Leakey , who has been described as " one of the world 's most influential conservationists " .
With all the results now declared , Jac Larner of Cardiff University sums up the night for Wales ' political parties .
Kilmarnock have signed defender Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee .
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Southampton midfielder Luke Gape on a two - year deal .
A former partner at a law firm has admitted conspiring to supply cocaine with the help of three colleagues .
Cheshire is one of the most promising places in England to be part of the government 's Northern Powerhouse .
The former chief executive of Brazil 's state - run oil company Petrobras has named dozens of politicians he claims were involved in a bribery scheme at the company .
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a 10th - round stoppage of Matt Macklin in Berlin .
A student from Hertfordshire has described the " inhumane " scenes of people fleeing from the Bataclan theatre in Paris during the terror attack .
A New York woman accused of drink - driving has pleaded guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol after her lawyer said she has a condition known as " gut fermentation syndrome " .
England striker Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for the two - match series against the Netherlands after recovering from injury .
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to bring in new players as they aim to retain their Premier League status .
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has triggered his release clause in his contract to leave the club .
The US Secret Service needs a " top - to - bottom reassessment " of the way it protects President Barack Obama and his family , an independent review has concluded .
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International has won the race to buy Portuguese healthcare firm ESS , which is being sold by the family behind the Espirito Santo family .
All photographs courtesy of National Museums Liverpool .
Sri Lanka beat Australia by seven wickets in the first Test in Colombo to level the series at 1 - 1 .
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies involved in drilling for oil in the disputed Falkland Islands .
Cristian Gaviria , a 25-year - old Uruguayan man has been growing cannabis plants at home for the past year .
The Russian government has awarded the Order of Courage to five women who were wounded in a mortar attack on a hospital in Syria on Monday .
A fundraising campaign set up by former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell , who has terminal lung cancer , has raised more than £ 100,000 for treatment .
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he is looking into ways to stop foreign buyers from buying homes in the country .
A five - year - old girl has died in Morocco after being hit by an elephant in an enclosure at a zoo in Rabat .
Flooding in the western Indian state of Gujarat has killed more than 100 people and left thousands homeless , officials say .
A man accused of causing the death of his pregnant girlfriend 's baby has told a court he was " napping " at home when she was attacked .
Businesses on the Isle of Wight have called for compensation for damage caused to their shops and businesses by the troubled new ferry .
Police have been called to a disturbance at Aberdeen University after a " five person attack " on the stage by " transgender " and " anarchist " protesters , according to Conservative MP George Galloway .
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa .
In the aftermath of the recent chemical weapons attack in Syria , President Donald Trump took to Twitter to attack his predecessor , Barack Obama , for what he saw as his failure to put America first .
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to be fit for Ireland 's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday after training on Monday .
France 's presidential candidate has said he wants to reform the European Union if he wins the election , because he believes it would be a " betrayal " if he does not .
A 21-year - old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of an 11-year old boy and his aunt in a car crash following a police chase .
Ruth Howe was born and raised in Iran and moved to the UK as a child , but as a teenager she found her " safe space " in the computer room of her high school .
Singer Taylor Swift has been accused of " giving her work away for free " by a West Midlands - based photographer in a row over music streaming rights .
Pregnant women who eat a high - fat , high - sugar diet may be putting their babies at risk , according to a major new study .
A high - profile documentary on air pollution in China has been removed from the popular video - sharing website Youku .
UK law firm Hays has said it is " too early to tell " what the UK 's vote to leave the EU will have on its business .
A beach clean - up group has been awarded a £ 50,000 grant from the Manx government .
A lunar eclipse took place on Tuesday , 21 July at 18:30 GMT .
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal defender Eric Bailly as Jose Mourinho 's first signing as manager .
A man whose car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone has said he and his family are lucky to be alive .
A BBC reporter has described the " extremely scary " moment a group of scientists and tourists were caught up in a huge explosion at Mount Etna in Italy .
Twitter could be about to get even more personal .
A hospital trust has gone on trial accused of breaching health and safety regulations after a patient died in a lifting hoist .
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was " directly involved in making bombs for use in Iraq " , a court has heard .
A hand - written note issued to British and Canadian troops during World War Two has been sold at auction for £ 2,500 .
Portsmouth have made their third signing of the summer by bringing in Congolese international Vincent Linganzi .
North Korea says it has successfully test - fired a ballistic missile from a submarine , in what would be the country 's first such test .
More than 200 schoolgirls have been abducted from a boarding school in Nigeria 's north - eastern town of Chibok on Tuesday , officials say .
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Bristol Zoo .
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow .
A huge video game archive has been discovered on the internet .
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to cover up the death of a man who died after a hit - and - run crash .
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh .
The US State Department has said it is " not walking back " from charges against India 's former consul in New York , despite India 's anger over her arrest .
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos more than 20 years ago are making a fresh appeal for information .
Ousmane Traore has been left out of Guinea 's squad for next month 's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Sierra Leone .
A youth football club has cancelled matches after travellers set up camp next to its changing rooms .
Repairs to homes left without power or water after a sinkhole opened up in a Hertfordshire street have begun .
The SNP could raise up to £ 1.2bn more in tax revenue if it wins the Holyrood election , according to a new report .
Scotland flanker Tim Visser has defended Vern Cotter 's decision to pick a 31-man squad for the World Cup match against South Africa .
The Dutch city of Amsterdam has become the first in the world to adopt an innovative way of tackling alcohol - related violence .
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a model that could dramatically reduce the use of chemical treatments to combat sea lice .
It would be easy to think that David Thirlwell started his chocolate business because he wanted to be a chocolate merchant .
England have recalled pace bowler Steven Finn for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston , which starts on Wednesday .
The area covered by glaciers in the French Alps has declined by almost a quarter in the last 40 years , according to a new survey .
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand 's wife has died after a short battle with cancer .
Mobile phone network Three has become the first in the UK to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad .
Workers at the Austin 's department store in Londonderry have said they have been left " devastated " by the closure of the store .
The government is planning to sell its stake in the Green Investment Bank ( GIB ) to raise £ 1bn to help pay down the national debt .
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark wants to ensure the Scottish Premiership has a " wow factor " at the end of the season as his side aim to avoid relegation .
The Conservatives have won the South Wales East seat in the assembly election after a second candidate was forced to stand down .
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Wales ' win over France sets up a " massive " Six Nations match against England at Twickenham .
Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel set the pace in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Mercedes dominated the session .
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to prevent brain damage after a stroke using spider venom .
A campaign by a group of young women in India calling themselves # HappyToBleed has sparked a debate about menstruation in the country after a Hindu temple priest said it was " not the right time " for women to enter a temple .
A County Armagh man who defrauded a bank out of £ 250,000 to take up a partnership in a law firm has been jailed for four years .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his side 's pre - season preparations as the Betfred Cup gets under way .
The SDLP has called on a community group planning to hold a protest parade in north Belfast to reconsider .
Airbus has cut the number of A380 aircraft it plans to build this year and next after engine problems hit production of the world 's largest aircraft .
The US Department of Justice ( DOJ ) has charged three Russian intelligence officers with hacking into Yahoo accounts and stealing data on more than 500 million accounts .
Nigeria 's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in the capital , Abuja , charged with fraud and money laundering .
A solar - powered plane attempting to fly around the world using the power of the Sun has been forced to make an emergency landing in Japan .
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a " campaign of sectarian intimidation " in her role as a teacher at a Belfast school has said she has been inspired by her pupils .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised his side 's second - half defending as they drew 1 - 1 with Dundee .
Wales coach Alun Wyn Jenkins says he is " baffled " by the reaction to his side 's Six Nations record - breaking winning run .
Two directors of arts organisations on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant .
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in the North Sea .
A judge has ruled that Jet2 must pay compensation to passengers who were delayed by up to seven hours on one of its flights .
Cigarette and tobacco with an estimated street value of more than Â£100,000 have been seized in Lincoln .
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 200 jobs at a former Sanofi factory in Newcastle .
A 60-year - old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in East Ayrshire .
The Welsh Rugby Union ( WRU ) has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets fly - half Scott Williams .
Samples from the alleged chemical weapons attack on the Syrian city of Ghouta are being sent to laboratories across the world for analysis .
The Wales women 's football team has arrived in France for Euro 2016 .
Newport County have made their first signings of the summer by bringing in former Portsmouth and AFC Wimbledon defender James Compton and striker Luke Rigg .
The challenge to Jeremy Corbyn 's leadership of the Labour Party is being seen by his opponents as a threat to his leadership .
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation into allegations of historical child sex abuse against a former employee of the club .
A hospital trust has apologised after 850 patients received leaflets containing the wrong information about cancer treatment .
Schools in Wales are not doing enough to support able and talented pupils , the education watchdog Estyn has said .
Former world number one Barry Fordham says he wants to play at Lakeside again after failing to reach the last 16 of the Grand Slam of Darts .
Radiohead have revealed they wrote the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre - but it was n't used .
Police are investigating a complaint that a mural at an Edinburgh primary school is racist .
In our series of letters from BBC Scotland journalists , film - maker and columnist John Swinney considers the issue of inclusion .
Hospitals , care homes and nursing homes across the UK will be serving up a festive feast on Christmas Day .
Former Australian Open finalist Anders Lindahl has been banned from tennis for seven years for match - fixing .
Welsh snowboarder Hannah Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics .
The government 's new anti - extremism strategy has been unveiled in the House of Commons .
Essex captain Alan Silverwood says winning the County Championship title would be " the holy grail " for his side as they bid to become only the second side to retain the trophy after promotion .
One of the first police officers on the scene of a nightclub crush in which two people died has told an inquest he was dragged under a crowd of people .
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC boss Chris Chester as their new head coach .
Deodorant firm Nivea has apologised after an advert for one of its products was widely condemned as racist .
England won the World Rugby Under-20 Championship for the first time with a 24 - 22 victory over South Africa in the final in Tbilisi , Georgia , as New Zealand won the tournament for the second time .
Police are hunting for the operator of a drone which flew close to a passenger plane as it approached an airport .
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline last year with suicidal thoughts , the charity has said .
The value of the pound fell sharply against the dollar and the euro in the wake of news that the UK was to vote to leave the European Union .
Newport County moved off the bottom of the League Two table with victory over Mansfield Town .
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at McDiarmid Park despite speculation linking him with other clubs .
Four people , including two children , have been rescued from a beach in Weston - super - Mare after getting into difficulty in the sea .
Southampton progressed to the fourth round of the EFL Cup with victory over Crystal Palace at St Mary 's .
Worcester Warriors centre Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club .
Local authorities are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for Syrian refugees , the National Audit Office has warned .
Belfast Giants were held to a 4 - 3 defeat by Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena on Sunday night .
Transport Scotland has said it is exploring the possibility of extending the Borders Railway .
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin , after being asked for the first time whether he believed it was .
Kent 's hopes of reaching the County Championship play - offs suffered a setback as they were bowled out for just 138 by Northants on day three .
Scotland 's Scott Jamieson and Sweden 's Thomas Bjork share the lead after two rounds of the Nedbank Challenge in South Africa .
A five - year - old boy with a rare form of leukaemia who was taken abroad for treatment may have suffered a " dramatic " fall in survival , doctors have warned .
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £ 800,000 were found at an industrial unit in Bridgend .
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was expected to use her speech in San Diego , California , on Thursday to try to win over independents and moderate Republicans .
Austria 's new president - elect has said he is open to working with the far - right Freedom Party , after his party lost its parliamentary majority .
The son of a man who was seriously injured in a powerboat crash off the Hampshire coast has been discharged from hospital .
Luton Town director of football Les Sweet believes the club 's promotion to League Two would mark the start of a " rebirth " for non - league football .
So what is Britain 's role in Libya ?
Krystian Pearce rescued a point for Mansfield with a late equaliser as they drew 1 - 1 at home to York .
Canada has launched a national inquiry into the murder and disappearance of indigenous women and girls .
An inquest into the death of pop star Lil ' Chris has been opened and adjourned .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea counterpart Antonio Conte had a heated exchange of words on Saturday .
The political crisis in Northern Ireland is continuing .
Warwickshire 's Jonathan Trott became the first batsman to reach 25,000 first - class runs for the season as they dominated Somerset on day three .
Richard Hammond says he is " back in action soon " after having surgery on his knee following a crash while filming for The Grand Tour .
Wales and Cardiff Blues scrum - half Gareth Anscombe says he feels like he is " made out of glass " because of his injury problems .
A climber had to be airlifted to hospital after falling down one of Wales ' highest mountains .
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets ' Corner at Westminster Abbey .
England ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Belgium to finish top of Group 7 and secure their place at next summer 's tournament .
Ronnie O'Sullivan has withdrawn from next month 's UK Championship in London .
The number of calls to a helpline set up to help military personnel with mental health issues has risen by more than 50 % in a year , a charity has said .
A couple who say they were tortured by the UK government after being taken from Thailand to Libya by US forces have gone to the UK 's highest court .
Nepal and other countries downstream from Tibet are concerned about the impact of water - related disasters in the Tibetan plateau .
John Cleese 's new Alimony Tour has been criticised by critics , with one calling it " a lecture tour more than comedy tour " .
Councillors in a Brecon Beacons town have voted to oppose plans to turn a pub into a supermarket .
An ex - NFL player who was serving a life sentence for murder has been found dead in a prison cell in the US state of Nebraska .
Mexican Esteban Ocon will join Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season .
The families of five men who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal recycling plant have said they want answers about why they died .
It was one of the worst nuclear accidents in history .
An east London shopping centre which was at the centre of a multi - million pound debt has been sold .
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty in a US court to conspiring to defraud the US government in the diesel emissions scandal .
A bridge where padlocks were fastened to cables in an apparent act of love have been removed .
Tata Steel has been fined more than £ 1.2 m for breaching health and safety rules after a chemical leak at its Huddersfield plant .
Badger culling groups are being urged to take up the chance to vaccinate their animals against bovine TB as part of a government scheme .
In the early 1970s , India 's Maoist rebels , who had been fighting for more than 50 years to establish a communist state in central and eastern India , began to emerge as a threat to security forces .
The Queen has attended the New Year 's Day church service at Sandringham , despite missing the Christmas Day service because of a cold .
A woman accused of making a " firing sign " at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine during a road rage incident has appeared in court .
Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive World Superbikes title as Chaz Davies won race two at the Aragon round of the series .
Islamic State ( IS ) militants have launched an attack on the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra , near the ancient ruins of the ancient city ofmyra .
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 stun guns with the intention of supplying them to other people .
More than 200 new minerals have been created by humans in the last few thousand years , according to scientists .
There will be no redundancies at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency in Wales , the transport minister has said .
England off - spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the women 's Twenty20 series in India with a shoulder injury .
Scotland scrum - half Greig Pyrgos says it will be a " huge honour " to captain the team at the World Cup .
Scunthorpe United have signed striker Josh Preston on a two - year contract after he rejected a new deal at National League rivals Millwall .
A four - year - old boy was told he was a " terrorist " after nursery staff mistook his spelling of a cucumber for the word for a bomb , it has emerged .
Crawley Town have signed former West Bromwich Albion defender James Hurst .
Four Gloucestershire councillors have been accused of falling asleep during a televised debate on children 's services .
A US pit bull rescue centre has offered to fly a " dangerous " dog to the US to save her from being put down by police .
UK consumer prices rose in January for the first time in three months , helped by a rise in alcohol prices , official figures show .
Workers have been evacuated from an oil platform in the North Sea after a fire broke out on the platform .
A man accused of murdering his nine - year - old grandson had a " callous " and " abhorrent " killing , a psychiatrist has told a court .
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are the UK 's richest couple , according to the Sunday Times Rich List .
Landowners have been given guidance on how to manage dog - walking on their land .
House prices in Northern Ireland continued to rise in the third quarter of this year , according to official figures .
The inquest into the Shoreham air disaster , in which 11 people died , has been delayed until next year .
Emre Can 's stunning goal in Liverpool 's 1 - 0 win over Watford at Vicarage Road on Saturday was hailed as one of the goals of the season .
A group of football fans have set fire to the roof of a London Tube station before the FA Cup final .
The head of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has warned that the global economy is " at a delicate juncture " and that there are risks to global growth .
A Denbighshire family whose home was badly damaged by flooding three years ago has said they feel " safer " after major improvements to flood defences were completed .
The parents of a man suspected of travelling to Syria to join so - called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station .
China has expressed " serious concern " after US President - elect Donald Trump suggested he could end the " One China " policy .
A man has appeared in court in connection with a fatal fire in Fraserburgh in 2014 .
Four men accused of murdering a man in his own home and trying to cover up the crime spent days trying to destroy his body , a court heard .
The European Environment Agency ( EEA ) has warned that the EU is in danger of being " climate - proofed " from climate change .
At the Heroes ' Day parade in the centre of Zimbabwe 's capital , Harare , hundreds of thousands of people have gathered to watch President Robert Mugabe and his wife , Grace , address the nation .
Ole Solskjaer 's time at Manchester United brought him six Premier League titles , two FA Cups and a Champions League winner 's medal , but it was Molde that made him a legend .
Australia batsman David Warner has been suspended from all cricket - related activity for two weeks after being accused of striking England 's Joe Root in a pub .
Plans for a new film and television studio in Aberdeen have been given the go - ahead by the Scottish government .
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new National Assembly , six years after the overthrow of President Zine al - Abidine Ben Ali .
Australia 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has turned down the offer of a state funeral for legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud , who has died .
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and London Irish flanker Rob McCusker on a two - year deal .
The introduction of the national living wage came into effect on 1 April .
Mark Wilson says his record - equalling haul of five consecutive centuries in the German Open quarter - finals was the " best match " of his career .
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress , Eduardo Cunha , as part of a corruption investigation .
Aston Villa have signed striker Jonathan Kodjia from Championship rivals Bristol City for a fee of £ 10 m .
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia centre Nic White and Jersey back row Nic Freeman .
Moana has topped the US box office over the Thanksgiving weekend , despite controversy over its depiction of Pacific Island culture .
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Kevin O'Donnell has said he was so nervous during his time on the show that he was sometimes unable to walk down the stairs .
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham for the first time this season and move up to fourth in the National League .
A UK - based radio station that was the first to broadcast from Zimbabwe during the country 's long political crisis has shut down .
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and move up to third in Super League .
Moors Murderer Ian Brady 's ex - girlfriend will not be charged over his death , prosecutors have said .
Liverpool 's new architecture centre has opened its doors to the public .
Do you think treasure hunters ever get bored when they 're looking for treasure ?
A paralysed woman has completed the Great North Run in a robotic exoskeleton .
A film shot in the Welsh valleys for just Â£4,000 has won a foreign language film award in Poland .
There are thought to have been as many as 200 m downloads of period tracking apps in the UK in the past year - but are they safe and effective ?
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why Africa needs the United Nations .
In our series of letters from Indian journalists , film - maker and columnist Geeta Pandey looks at the history of brand names in India .
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in " fantastic form " after a successful winter with the England and Wales Cricket Board Lions , says head coach Justin Read .
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they want " substantial changes " to the Scottish government 's draft budget in order to win support .
A hen party on a river trip went wrong when the boat they were on got stuck in mud .
Human remains found at a house in East Lothian have been identified as those of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney .
Huddersfield Town went top of the Championship as Aaron Mooy 's second - half strike gave them victory at Leeds United .
Notts County have strengthened their senior management team by appointing former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Paul Fletcher as chief executive .
One - third of Redrow 's landbank is unusable , the company 's chief executive has said , after the government 's housing White Paper said the housing market was " broken " .
Seven people have been charged in the US with hacking into US water and energy networks in a series of cyber attacks .
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco international striker Ahmed Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
When Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979 , she introduced a series of reforms that transformed the way we lived and worked .
A boy who suffered severe brain injuries after being left brain - damaged by an accident and emergency department treatment has been awarded £ 3.5 m in compensation .
Former Smiths bandmates Morrissey and Johnny Marr discussed the possibility of The Smiths reuniting , according to a new memoir .
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
The original Batmobile , used in the 1960s TV series Batman , has sold at auction in the US for $ 1.5 m ( roughly £ 1.2 m ) at auction .
A mother and her two daughters who were due to be deported from the UK to Nigeria have been given an overnight reprieve after a social media campaign .
Andy Murray will not take his foot off the gas after becoming world number one , says Tim Henman .
Ma Ying - jie beat China 's Zhang Shuai 4 - 1 in the men 's singles final to win Olympic gold in Rio .
Kenyan marathon runner Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a doping test .
League One side Rotherham United have signed Everton midfielder Jack Browning on a season - long loan deal .
North Korea has " strongly condemned " the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase , state media say , saying it was a " clear and intolerable act of aggression " .
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a senior prosecutor in Kampala , police say .
Akzo Nobel , the owner of Dulux and Hammerite paint , has rejected a second bid from US rival PPG Industries .
A 15-year - old boy has been stabbed to death in Leeds .
The Premier League has been a season to remember .
The organisation that has produced the XO laptop for poor children in developing nations has received a $ 1.5 m ( Â£1.1 m ) grant to help develop its next device .
A former drug cartel pilot who was once a pilot for Colombia 's Medellin cartel has been jailed for trying to murder a homeless man with an axe .
Valve has announced plans to overhaul the way games are published on its Steam gaming service .
A woman has died in a house fire in the Highlands .
Liverpool 's owner Fawaz Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club are being sold .
Warrenpoint Town will look to extend their unbeaten run to five games when they host Dungannon Swifts in the Danske Bank Premiership on Monday night .
A lesbian couple in the Indonesian province of Aceh have been forced to leave their home after being told they must be beheaded for being gay .
Two unexploded World War Two bombs have been found on a beach in Aberdeenshire .
Relatives of the victims of Bloody Sunday have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier on suspicion of murder .
The BBC is to create an Ideas Service that will bring the " best from Britain 's great cultural institutions and thinkers to everyone " , the corporation 's boss has said .
Chris Eubank Jr has offered to hand over his British middleweight title as a " goodwill gesture " to former world champion Chris Blackwell .
A car that featured in the opening credits of the 1976 Likely Lads film has been reunited with its former owner after a long - lost owner tracked it down .
Crusaders have signed defender Mark McChrystal on a two - year deal after he was released by Dundalk .
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) has launched the second of its Sentinel-1 series of Earth observation satellites .
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a goalless draw in a scrappy Championship derby at the Cardiff City Stadium .
An Australian tourist has died while snorkelling on the same reef where two French tourists died on Wednesday .
The former deputy director of Nicolas Sarkozy 's 2012 presidential campaign in France has said there was a " terrible spiral " in the party 's accounts that led to a huge overspend .
Northampton flanker Nathan Hughes has been included in the England pre - season training squad for the first time .
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was found dead in woodland have released CCTV images of three men they want to trace .
Two West Sussex councils have accused Highways England of carrying out a " sham " consultation into " modest " road improvements .
UK Anti - Doping ( Ukad ) is investigating claims that Team Sky continued to use intravenous injections despite a ban on the practice , the Press Association has reported .
As part of BBC Radio Manchester 's Tales of the 10 , Andy Johnson , the father of terminally - ill seven - year - old Jack Johnson , tells how he and his wife are determined to find a cure for his son 's disease .
South Korea 's education minister has expressed " deep regret " after two of the questions in a high school entrance exam were found to be invalid .
A dog has died after getting into difficulty in the River Tay in Perthshire .
A nurse who filmed himself raping and sexually assaulting women while they were unconscious has been jailed for 12 years .
Lewis Hamilton will start the Australian Grand Prix from the front of the grid after Formula 1 's controversial new qualifying format failed to work .
The head of Saudi Arabia 's religious police , Sheikh Abdulhadi al - Obeikan , has been sacked , officials say .
EDF , the French energy supplier , is to increase electricity and gas prices for 1.5 million of its customers for the second time this year .
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by almost 20 % in the past three years .
A 198-metre - high chimney which dominates the Solent is set to be turned into a glass tower in Southampton .
Fines of up to 100 % of the value of tax avoided by aggressive tax avoiders could be introduced by Labour if it wins the general election .
A man who killed his girlfriend by punching her in the face at a railway station in Dorset has been jailed .
Hsiao Hsiao is not a Buddhist .
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Josh James on a season - long loan from Premier League side Arsenal .
Theresa May 's manifesto for the general election is long on her vision of a Britain that works for everyone .
Three teenagers and a woman who died in a crash on the A55 in Powys had just passed their driving test , an inquest has heard .
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan while on a Javelin missile patrol .
Fox has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine as co - presidents of its Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network in the wake of the departure of Roger Ailes .
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new chief executive .
Thousands of people have been taking part in the Great Yorkshire Run in Yorkshire .
NHS England is to publish the earnings of consultants in England , in a bid to tackle the issue of private work .
The NHS in England will no longer be able to refuse to pay for cancer drugs the health watchdog has rejected for widespread use on the NHS .
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has not yet received travel documents he needs to leave Russia , his lawyer has said .
A woman has been left " very upset " after a burglary at a house in the Highlands .
National League side Colchester United have signed former Crystal Palace and Bromley midfielder Ryan Kettings on a two - year deal .
A French politician has launched a petition against a town 's decision to ban pork substitutes in school meals on Good Friday , in a row over religious freedom .
Shares in mining companies have fallen sharply in London , with the FTSE 100 index of leading shares down more than 2 % on Friday .
Spain 's left - wing anti - austerity party Podemos ( We Can ) has launched its campaign for June 's general election , hoping to unseat the governing Socialist Party ( PSOE ) and take power .
India will take part in this summer 's Champions Trophy despite a row over a new revenue - sharing deal .
Australia bowled out India for just 323 to win the second one - day international in Melbourne and take a 4 - 0 lead in the series .
Wales scrum - half Rhys Webb has signed a new two - year contract with Ospreys .
If you want to develop a new medicine , you need to know how it affects the body and how it works .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have given birth to their first child , a baby girl , Princess Charlotte .
In the wake of the UK 's vote to leave the European Union , there has been a lot of talk of economic pain .
A father 's early involvement with his baby can help his child 's cognitive development , research suggests .
England manager Mark Sampson has been cleared by the Football Association of bullying and harassment claims made by former player Eniola Aluko .
Parks in the UK are at a " tipping point " because of cuts to local authorities ' budgets , a report by MPs has warned .
The Scottish government is to give £ 2.2 m to help lower the cost of offshore wind turbines for Scotland .
UKIP has defended its leader in the Welsh Assembly over claims she should be sacked over her treatment of members .
Volunteers in Londonderry are being urged to " roll their sleeves up " as part of a project to commemorate the centenary of World War One .
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Selhurst Park .
Former Aston Villa and Burnley midfielder Sid Cowans has stepped down from the club 's coaching staff .
A pensioner who tried to stop the killer of MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross .
Scotland has just entered the most complicated , most fraught period of political uncertainty for a very long time .
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed ex - Wales defender Gareth Davies on a one - year deal .
The RSPCA says it has received more than 2,000 calls about dog fighting offences in the past year , with more than 1,000 in Greater London and the West Midlands .
Exeter Chiefs returned to the top of the Premiership table with a bonus - point win over Wasps at Sandy Park .
Hundreds of horse riders have taken part in a series of rides across Wales in a bid to get the Welsh Assembly to introduce a road safety campaign .
Theresa May has told EU leaders she wants the issue of the status of UK citizens living in the EU to be dealt with in the early stages of Brexit talks .
The number of appeals against exam grades at GCSE and A - level in England , Wales and Northern Ireland has risen for the second year in a row .
Ukrainian authorities in the eastern city of Zaporizhya have begun a campaign to remove communist - era monuments and street names .
A Bristol hospital has launched a national registry to help track the cases of twin - to - twin transfusion syndrome .
What is it like to live in London 's Greek Street ?
At least six people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , officials say .
National League side Gateshead have signed Newcastle United defender Ben Atkinson on loan until the end of the season .
Israel 's Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu has ordered a review of his office 's use of customised " rest chambers " for business class seats on flights , after a row over the cost .
A five - year - old boy is the youngest person to be investigated by police for sexting .
Technology giant Hewlett - Packard has said it plans to cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a restructuring plan that will see it cut costs and simplify its business .
Lewis Hamilton says he is " praying and hoping " Mercedes will not impose team orders on him and team - mate Nico Rosberg after their crash .
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as they set the pace on the first day of practice .
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world 's first " tissue - engineered " windpipe transplant .
Two polar bears have been introduced together for the first time in Scotland in a bid to breed the first polar bear cubs to be born in the UK in 25 years .
Russell Slade says leading Cardiff City to the Championship play - offs would be the biggest achievement of his managerial career .
Serena Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their fourth WTA title of the year with victory at the Australian Open .
Championship side Oldham booked their place in the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a six - try win over Hull KR .
Somerset 's bowlers dominated the first day of their County Championship Division Two match against Hampshire at Taunton .
The father of a woman who died in a house fire in Denbighshire has told an inquest she died from carbon monoxide poisoning .
Nato has condemned as " unacceptable " Russia 's reported deployment of cruise missiles to a Russian exclave in eastern Europe .
Australia 's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has " no doubt " there will be another referendum on becoming a republic , but the timing must be right .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side 's 2 - 1 win over West Bromwich Albion was " vital " for their Premier League survival hopes .
The education minister of Jordan has warned that thousands of Syrian refugee children arriving in the country could become extremists if they are not educated .
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said he will not be charged over the murder of Jean McConville .
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has risen for the first time in five years .
Work is under way to clear up the debris left behind by last month 's floods in Norfolk .
Two people have been charged with the manslaughter of a three - year - old boy who drowned in a water park .
Millwall boosted their League One play - off hopes with a comfortable win at Shrewsbury .
A video of a Chinese man setting up a retirement home for retired police dogs has been viewed more than 14 million times on Chinese social media .
Sunderland have appointed Sam Allardyce as their new manager .
Cardiff City missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Championship as they were held by Brentford .
A man has died after being stabbed to death in Manchester .
Leicester Tigers ' Anglo - Welsh Cup semi - final win over Saracens can be the " catalyst " for the Premiership strugglers to challenge for a top - four finish , says forwards coach Shaun Murphy .
Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs .
The operator of Scotland 's busiest airport says it is preparing for the highest amount of traffic it has ever had for a summer period .
Critics have given The Dark Knight Rises , the latest Batman film , five star reviews , with one describing it as " a fitting epitaph for the hero Gotham deserves " .
The public inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko , the former Russian spy who was poisoned in London in 2006 , is due to begin on Tuesday .
An ambulance has been involved in a crash with two cars in Lincolnshire .
The leader of the Russian republic of Chechnya , Ramzan Kadyrov , has posted a video on Instagram threatening to kill opposition leader Sergei Kasyanov .
An investigation has been launched after a woman with multiple sclerosis ( MS ) was told she could not get a taxi to a concert because she was disabled .
Victims of child abuse at the Kincora Boys ' Home in Belfast have begun a judicial review of the government 's handling of the scandal .
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach .
No charges will be brought against a vicar accused of raping a teenage girl , prosecutors have said .
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off four of its business units in a bid to cut costs and unlock value .
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England and the Football Association of Serbia over incidents during and after England 's Under-21 European Championship play - off win over Serbia in Krusevac .
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says taking charge of the Reds is the " most interesting job in world football " .
A number of online gambling companies are " likely to be breaking consumer law " by preventing people from withdrawing their winnings , says the UK 's competition watchdog .
Historic Scotland is considering whether Mons Graupius , one of the most famous Roman battles in Scotland , should be included on its Inventory of Historic Battlefields .
A business leader has called for Cardiff International Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport .
An Australian mining company has been found guilty of desecrating a sacred Aboriginal site in the Northern Territory .
Anorexia nervosa is a serious mental illness that affects people of all sizes , but it 's especially dangerous for young girls .
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Aberdeen .
Mental health services for pregnant women in Wales are to receive a £ 1.5 m funding boost from the Welsh government .
Plans for a new social housing development on the site of a former nightclub where senior council staff moved in with elderly residents are being considered .
The BBC could be forced to move popular programmes such as Strictly Come Dancing or The Night Manager to make way for ITV shows , the BBC has said .
Comedian Jeremy Vine has written an open letter to a 15-year - old boy who was filmed being attacked by a group of bullies on a school trip in Romford , Essex .
A couple in New Zealand have become the first in the world to marry in a church based on the belief that humans evolved from pirates .
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow reached the second round of the FA Cup with a 2 - 1 win over League Two Taunton .
" If you want to know what to do in the Middle East , the most important thing is to know two things : .
A knife has been found at a school in Dumfries .
Police in Australia are investigating alleged match - fixing in the National Rugby League .
The first six teams in the inaugural Women 's Cricket Super League ( WCSL ) will be based in the south west , south - west and south - east of England .
The head of Uber has quit the taxi - hailing firm , accusing it of sexism .
Hampshire were relegated from Division Two of the County Championship as Durham beat them by eight wickets to secure promotion .
An Oxford University college has banned a student who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party and a 19th Century violin has been donated to a Syrian refugee .
Welsh boxer Katie Brace will make her professional debut at the Manchester Arena on Saturday .
Lancashire all - rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new three - year contract with the club .
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 10 points with a dominant display against Partick Thistle .
Defending champion Mark Selby says he does not feel as though he has reached his peak as he prepares for the World Championship quarter - finals .
Author Patrick St Aubyn has won the 2014 Wodehouse Prize for Fiction for his satirical satire on literary prizes .
A Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to two counts of making indecent images of children .
One year on from the devastating earthquake in Nepal , BBC News wants to hear from you .
Glentoran have been given a three - match ban by the Football Association of Northern Ireland 's Disciplinary Committee for the incident in the 2 - 2 draw with Dungannon Swifts .
The Football Association 's director of football Colin Ashworth says he stands by the decision not to call up seven Premier League players for England 's Under-21 squad for Euro 2016 .
A Stone Age " crannog " has been discovered in Monmouthshire - thousands of years older than previously thought .
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in Guyana on the final day of his tour of the Caribbean .
When a police support animal was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt and left for dead , it was thought he would never walk again .
Journalists in the Philippines have condemned President - elect Rodrigo Duterte for saying journalists " deserved " to be killed .
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two - year deal .
A gym which closed its doors for more than a year because of a dispute over a lease has reopened .
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict former hospital building in Edinburgh .
It 's the latest in a series of high - profile resignations in politics and sport .
The UK has the worst record in the world of breastfeeding among developed countries , according to a study of more than 100,000 mothers .
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi - finals for the third year in a row , but defending champion Serena Williams was knocked out in the quarter - finals .
Luke Procter 's maiden first - class century gave Lancashire the edge over Hampshire on day two at Old Trafford .
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not think it would happen .
Olympic gold medallist Wayne Rooney says he would love to receive his Beijing 2008 medal at next month 's Diamond League Anniversary Games .
A woman in the US state of Ohio has been charged with raping and robbing a taxi driver while another man held him at knifepoint .
Firefighters are tackling a large wildfire in the Mourne Mountains in County Down .
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia 's Test captain after Michael Clarke retired from international cricket following the Ashes defeat by England .
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not resign from the Conservatives if the party backs a third runway at Heathrow .
Former Swansea City boss Frank de Boer has been named as the new manager of Major League Soccer 's Los Angeles Galaxy .
A father who won a legal battle to take his daughter on holiday during term time has raised thousands of pounds for legal fees .
A campaign group has called for Skegness ' famous Jolly Fisherman to be removed from the seaside resort 's official poster .
A fund has been set up to help refugees who have arrived in Scotland from Syria .
Saudi Arabia 's King Salman has announced a major overhaul of the country 's security apparatus in a series of decrees .
A court in Vietnam has sentenced a French - Vietnamese journalist to three years in prison for subversion .
Plans for travellers ' pitches in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors .
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year 's T in the Park festival .
Investment in TV drama on the main TV channels has fallen sharply , according to a report by Ofcom .
The way unpaid work for offenders in England and Wales is being delivered is " not good enough " , probation inspectors say .
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten 68 as England recovered from a precarious position on day three of the fourth Test against South Africa at Old Trafford .
An NHS trust has said it is working with the fire service and construction firm Skanska to improve fire safety at a new hospital .
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Miami Open as she lost 6 - 4 6 - 2 to Karolina Pliskova .
A life - size statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley .
Darren Bent has urged Derby County 's players to go into the Championship play - offs " full of confidence " after scoring his first goal in three months .
Barry Farquhar has been moved out of intensive care following a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling event in Coleraine .
A six - year - old boy 's death was " preventable " and could have been prevented had an optometrist done her job properly , a court has heard .
Environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been told they are to lose a total of more than £ 1 m in funding .
Councils in England are failing to build enough affordable homes through Right to Buy , according to housing charity Shelter .
The Brexit secretary has said it is " hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work " for Scotland after the UK leaves the EU .
Mickey Demetriou 's free - kick gave Newport County their first win under new manager Mike Flynn as they beat Yeovil Town .
Championship side Aston Villa have signed England Under-17 international defender Ade Suliman on a season - long loan deal from Premier League side Arsenal .
Women 's Super League One club Durham City Ladies have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Rachel Laws .
Castleford Tigers scored nine tries in the second half to thrash Wakefield Trinity and secure a Super League play - off place .
A man has died in a two - car crash in Dorset .
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections due to be held in the West Bank and Gaza later this month .
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of their " horrifying " loss .
Tributes have been paid to a man who died in a car crash in Fife .
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt 's provisional squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon .
The US state of New York is to investigate the cause of " inky water " that appeared at the base of Niagara Falls last year .
Ducati rider Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race for more than two years as he beat Valentino Rossi in the Japanese Grand Prix .
Gloucester City manager Mark Hughes says he is " frustrated " by the number of fans who have deserted the club following their relegation from the National League .
The Isle of Wight 's " floating bridge " ferry service is to be changed to make it safer for passengers and vehicles .
Police in the Chinese city of Tianjin have confirmed for the first time that a warehouse that exploded on Friday , killing at least 11 people , contained toxic chemicals .
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill owned by his daughter has been accepted for the nation by the government .
Bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a cargo ship which sank more than 70 years ago have been sold at auction for £ 10,000 .
Portugal 's cabinet has approved a law allowing descendants of Jews who can prove a strong link to the country to apply for a passport for the first time since the Inquisition .
Seven fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of plans to save £ 1.3 m over the next three years .
Bolton Wanderers have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Tomasz Rachubka on a one - year deal .
Teachers ' pay could rise " significantly higher than 1 % " in the future to ensure an adequate supply of good teachers for schools in England and Wales , according to an independent review body .
A witness in the Surjit Singh Chhokar murder trial has accused his QC Donald Findlay of lying over his version of events on the night of the murder .
Wales scrum - half Ken Owens has dismissed the idea of relegation from the Six Nations as " a debate to be had in two years time " .
Plans to increase the number of parking spaces at Oxford 's main bus station have been unveiled .
Police searching for a missing teenager from North Lanarkshire have found a body in woodland .
A woman who was sentenced to death for the 1990 murder of her four - year - old son in Arizona has lost her bid for a retrial .
Sir Vince Cable has said he is " encouraged " by the government 's decision to take a stake in Tata Steel .
Campaigners have called for a radical new way of providing heat for homes and businesses in Scotland .
Malicious web browser add - ons are available for every major browser , according to research .
A motorcyclist has become the first person in the world to pull off a back - flip on a motorcycle .
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen to its highest level on record , according to new figures .
A former mayor has resigned after a taxi driver who had been convicted of four sexual assaults was given a licence to drive .
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is " playing phenomenally " and " fortunate " not to be sent off , says manager Jose Mourinho .
Phil Foderingham hopes Rangers captain Scott Sinclair is " all right " after being racially abused by a fan at Ibrox .
The number of seahorses in Bristol Bay has dropped dramatically in recent years .
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man , believed to have been buried more than 2,000 years ago , has been produced by forensic experts .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film - maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the lessons East Africans are learning from each other when it comes to politics .
Jamie Heaslip has been named in the Ireland team to face Wales in Saturday 's Six Nations match in Cardiff .
Plans to scrap plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers have been scrapped after a campaign by campaigners .
Bats have been causing " criminal damage " to an ancient church in North Yorkshire for the past decade .
Bayer Leverkusen coach Juergen Schmidt has been banned for the rest of the season after being found guilty of violent conduct .
Three scientists from Japan , China and the US have been working together for more than 30 years to find new ways to combat malaria , river blindness and elephantiasis .
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a child under 13 .
Israeli police say they have shot dead a Palestinian man suspected of killing two Israelis and a taxi driver in Tel Aviv on Sunday .
A consortium of public and private companies is set to bid for the £ 1.2bn cancer outsourcing contract in Staffordshire , the BBC understands .
Volunteers in Northern Ireland are working hard to save the bats that have been stranded in their homes because of bad weather .
Hundreds of people have taken part in the annual Beltane Fire Festival in the Highlands .
Four people have been charged in connection with the death of an Israeli Arab man who was beaten to death in the occupied West Bank in October .
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit the Hatton Garden safe deposit box raid .
Surfwear firm Magicseaweed has been bought by online sports retailer Surfstitch for an undisclosed sum .
Match reports from Saturday 's Scottish Premiership , Championship and Challenge Cup games .
The government has announced a " comprehensive " strategy to tackle non - violent extremism , including the cancellation of passports for children who have travelled to fight for Islamic State .
Jockeys are " unhappy " about the prospect of racing on Good Friday for the first time next year , says the head of the British Horseracing Authority .
The daughter of a woman who became the first baby to be born on an air ambulance has joined Loganair .
Cornish Pirates prop Alex Cheesman and back row Alex Morgan have signed new contracts with the club .
Chelsea midfielders Cesc Fabregas and Pedro have been called up to the Spain squad for the first time by new coach Julen Lopetegui .
A double - decker bus has burst into flames and exploded in the middle of Bishopsgate in central London .
Two men and a woman have been arrested after a man was found with life - threatening injuries following an assault in Brighton .
The fossilised remains of a Stegosaurus dinosaur have been found in Argentina in South America .
The Irish government has said it will stop issuing certificates to people living abroad who claim to have Irish heritage because of a lack of uptake .
A former senior civil servant in Myanmar 's new government has been caught with a fake PhD degree on his CV .
Snapchat has said its video - sharing service has now recorded more than one billion views a day .
If you 're trying to woo someone with a bouquet of flowers , here 's a tip : do n't go overboard .
Venezuela 's security forces have lifted a curfew imposed in the western city of San Cristobal , which has been at the centre of a wave of unrest .
Police have launched a murder investigation after the death of a man in Glasgow .
Scotland 's top law officer has called for the UK to remain a " fully committed and active participant " in European police and judicial co - operation .
Two - time Olympic champion Jessica Ennis - Hill has been made a dame at the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
A six - year - old boy has applied to be the next England football manager .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the leaders of four European Union countries that the bloc 's policy towards Israel is " crazy " .
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man who was being beaten up .
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is " good enough " to play for England , according to ex - Sale boss Tony Monye .
The driver of a private ambulance that was involved in a crash with a car and a bus in North Yorkshire has died .
Olympic gold medal - winning taekwondo fighter Adama Cisse says he has become a national symbol in his home country of Ivory Coast .
A 19-year - old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by driving " like a lunatic " in a car he had bought online .
A firefighter who delayed responding to a 999 call which led to the death of an elderly woman in a fire has been sacked .
Scunthorpe United have signed former Hibernian and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a one - year deal .
Drivers are being warned about the dangers of delivering large loads on country roads .
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson is to stand down as a councillor and become a visiting professor at Strathclyde University .
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool goalkeeper Ryan McLaughlin on a season - long loan deal .
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn over a fight at Wembley Stadium next month .
A 15-year - old girl in Mexico has been invited to a lavish birthday party in a field after a video of her father inviting people to the event went viral .
The DUP 's health minister , Edwin Poots , has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of its association with the IRA .
Ugo Dasaolu secured his place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the men 's 100 m at the British Championships .
Britain 's Paul Smith lost his WBA super - middleweight title for the third time in four years with a unanimous points defeat by Germany 's Alexander Zeuge .
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year - old man who was attacked with an axe and knife a year ago have renewed their appeal for witnesses .
Sinn FÃ © in 's deputy first minister , Martin McGuinness , has said he hopes the SDLP and Alliance Party will join the Northern Ireland Executive .
Hospitals and other health services in England are expected to overspend by more than £ 3bn this year , according to official figures .
The only surviving Victorian funeral reception house in the UK has been given Grade II listed status .
A man has died and a three - year - old girl has been injured after a car crashed into a tree .
Three of the UK 's most advanced Earth observation satellites have returned their first pictures of the Earth from space .
Yn ffodus , roedd camera Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghymru , yn ôl BBC Wales .
Formula 1 bosses hope to have a final design for the ' halo ' head protection system in place by 1 July .
Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying at the Australian Open for the first time with a straight - set win over American Sam Querrey .
Three times in the past three years , Poundland has bought goods from the likes of Marks and Spencer , Asda and Poundland .
Russia 's decision to send surface - to - air missiles to Syria is " ill - timed and very unfortunate " , a top US military commander has said .
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton .
At the University of Groningen in the Netherlands , it 's easy to see why it is called the " English University " .
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle more than two tonnes of a banned stimulant drug into Saudi Arabia , state media report .
It is the 90th anniversary of the start of World War Two , when thousands of black men from the Caribbean volunteered to fight for Britain .
Great Britain 's winter sports are to receive an extra £ 20 m in funding from UK Sport following their success at the Sochi Olympics .
Dutch rider Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second year in a row .
A boarding school in Hampshire has announced it is to close .
Former England seamer James Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket .
A woman whose friend died in a fire at a wood treatment plant has been awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Bosley .
World leaders have agreed on new rules to prevent banks from becoming " too big to fail " in the event of another financial crisis .
The first video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles .
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season .
Two climbers have climbed to the summits of St Kilda 's two highest sea stacks .
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor - in - chief .
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country 's policy of detaining migrants at sea , after the New York Times described it as " inhumane " .
Downing Street is hoping to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two RAF Spitfire fighter planes that have been missing for 70 years .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US wants to be a " good partner " with Egypt and support the country 's democracy , as she arrived in Cairo .
Surrey secured their first County Championship win of the season with a five - wicket victory over Warwickshire at The Oval .
A police investigation has been launched after a car went missing from a garage in Hertfordshire for two decades .
The French centre - right presidential candidate , Nicolas Sarkozy , has dismissed a book by one of his former advisers as " tactical treachery " .
Ulster Bank customers in Northern Ireland have been told they will not be able to make overdraft payments for the rest of the week because of a computer glitch .
Physicists at the Large Hadron Collider ( LHCb ) in Switzerland have observed the first time that the decay of a particle into two particles known as muons has been observed .
Housebuilder Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes across Scotland .
Uganda has said its troops in South Sudan must leave the country by the end of the month as part of a deal to end the civil war .
The husband of a mother who gave birth to a baby boy who died of an infection has told a misconduct hearing there is " no evidence " two midwives knew she was ill .
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent .
An explosion has killed at least one person in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir , near the Syrian border , officials say .
As a journalist covering sport for more than a decade , I have been fortunate to experience a fair number of high - profile sporting events in my time .
Scotland suffered their first defeat of the World Cup with a heavy defeat by South Africa at Murrayfield .
Deportivo La Coruna have parted company with manager Alexis Sanchez by mutual consent .
Iceland 's parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would require companies and institutions of a certain size to implement equal - pay programmes .
Two care homes have been rated " unsatisfactory " by inspectors who found " serious concerns " about the quality of care being provided to residents .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun in south London .
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well .
A burglar who used the same technique to carry out a series of break - ins in Manchester has been banned from alleyways .
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he is unlikely to receive any money from the sale of Bournemouth 's Kane O'Kane .
Rangers beat Celtic 3 - 2 on penalties in the Scottish Cup semi - final to reach the final of the competition for the first time since 2007 .
Olympic bronze medallist Aneurin Bevan says he still has a " small chance " of competing at Rio 2016 despite breaking his leg in training .
Eight men have been arrested in a series of raids by police investigating a suspected drugs trafficking ring .
England all - rounder Ben Stokes says he will have to " take a step back " during the one - day international series against West Indies , which starts in Barbados on Friday .
Former England captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his debut for a non - league club for the first time since the 1990 World Cup .
India 's capital , Delhi , has been enveloped in a thick smog after the New Year celebrations .
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles has been called into Wales ' Six Nations squad after Hallam Amos was ruled out of the tournament .
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs in the second Test in Colombo to complete a 2 - 0 series whitewash .
A man has admitted secretly filming women and children in a retail park in Falkirk .
A teenager who was held at knifepoint and raped by two men in Belfast has said he thought he was going to die .
The Scottish government is being urged to reveal what it knew about allegations that Police Scotland has been spying on journalists .
Theresa May is the latest in a long line of female chief executives to be named as the UK 's most powerful woman in business .
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been opposed by campaigners .
David Hockney 's former partner has told an inquest into the death of a friend who died after drinking acid at the artist 's home .
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have made a fresh appeal for help to find him .
Plans have been submitted to build a new £ 100 m power plant at a paper mill in Norfolk .
A chatbot designed to help people fight parking tickets has become one of the most popular services on the internet .
The number of children in working families in Wales living in poverty has risen by more than a third in the past decade , according to a charity .
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added the writers of The Gap Band 's hit single Uptown Funk to the track 's original writers list , following the Blurred Lines court case .
Labour 's Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross - party review of the exam system in England 's 14 - 19 education system .
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the worst since 1987 , the harbour master has said .
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets in their World Twenty20 qualifying match in Thailand .
The latest GCSE results are out and there are some very striking differences between Northern Ireland and England .
An athletics club has been told it can no longer use Windsor Great Park for its winter training sessions .
Dozens of children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in south - east London are to be transferred to a temporary home in Devon .
Mae cyngor yn dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion oedd yn astudio drwy'r Gymraeg yn y blynyddoedd diwethaf yn yr ysgol ddwyie
Russell Brand is considering legal action against The Sun after it accused him of hypocrisy .
Peterborough United have sacked manager Graham Westley after Saturday 's 3 - 0 League One defeat by Scunthorpe .
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has said he is " devastated " by the injury suffered by new signing Jack Marriott in training on Friday .
Plans to turn Stafford University 's former courthouse into a student centre have been approved .
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton wants to reduce the size of his squad next season .
Lithuania 's Yuliya Meilutyte set a new world record in the semi - final of the women 's 100 m backstroke to reach the final of the World Championships .
Boeing has reported lower - than - expected sales and profits for the final three months of 2016 , as demand for commercial planes fell .
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport following a technical fault .
More than one in five secondary schools in England are failing , according to the latest GCSE results .
A long , slow sigh sounded in the room .
Howler monkeys have a " dramatic " trade - off between having big voices and big testes , according to new research .
Australia 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he is " disappointed " that the government has had to pay back money spent on travel .
A woman whose husband was killed in a head - on crash on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for changes to the road where he died .
A large fire has broken out at a recycling centre in Surrey .
Greece 's prime minister has warned that the " vicious circle of militarisation , of Cold War rhetoric and of sanctions " against Russia is not productive .
World number one Lydia Ko carded a one - under - par 71 to remain in contention at the Women 's PGA Championship after two rounds .
Tributes have been paid to the six people who have been killed and more than 30 injured in an accident involving a lorry in Glasgow city centre .
Irn Bru maker AG Barr has announced plans to cut the amount of sugar in its flagship soft drinks range by more than a third .
Ella Ball is to co - host this year 's Olivier Awards for best actress in a musical .
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the year to the end of August , helped by new long - haul flights to the United States .
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death and then burgled his home to steal his belongings .
A warehouse door painted with the portrait of a former Cheltenham shopkeeper is set to be restored after it disappeared from its former home .
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Jordan Pigott on loan until the end of the season , with a view to a permanent deal .
Kensington Palace has said " any suggestion of impropriety with under - age minors " by Prince Andrew is " categorically untrue " .
Welsh taekwondo fighter Jade Williams says she is feeling the added pressure of competing at the European Championships after winning gold for Great Britain .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of " censorship and discrimination " after the toy company refused to sell its bricks to him .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced an independent review into alleged abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales .
Kent captain Chris Stevens hit a century to help his side take control of their Division Two match against Essex .
Gardeners ' World presenter Monty Don says supermarkets are taking over the market for garden plants .
Twenty - six Italian athletes have been charged with failing drugs tests by the country 's anti - doping authorities .
The new trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released and it 's got fans talking .
Older people are increasingly looking to tech companies to help them get on with life as they age - from mobile phones to tablets to internet - connected toothbrushes .
Rangers International Football Club has raised more than £ 22.2 m in a share issue .
Plans to build a giant dragon sculpture at a former Wrexham colliery site could be given a five - year extension .
A football club has become the second in the UK to go vegan .
An 18-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in a wooded area near Dublin .
Hibernian thrashed Bonnyrigg Rose to reach the Scottish Cup quarter - finals and end the Rosey Posey side 's hopes of reaching the last 16 .
Police could use " extra powers " to stop and search fans at this weekend 's Champions League final in Cardiff .
Tens of thousands of football fans faced long queues to get into a FA Cup match at the King Power Stadium on Wednesday .
Burton Albion have released seven players , including goalkeeper Scott McLaughlin , after their relegation from the Championship .
An inquest into the deaths of a father and his son who were pulled from the sea while trying to save a friend who had become stranded on a beach has opened .
The Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) in Newport could be transferred to London , according to a union .
Plans for a £ 30 m surfing centre in north Wales have been given the go - ahead after the Welsh government gave £ 10 m funding .
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit and killed by a car in a shopping centre .
An unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in Western Australia .
Glasgow Warriors scrum - half Jamie Murray is confident they can reach the Pro12 play - off semi - finals for the second year in a row .
Cameroon 's hopes of reaching the Confederations Cup semi - finals suffered a blow as they lost 3 - 1 to Germany in their last-16 tie .
England 's Justin Rose shot a six - under - par 66 to move two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after round one of the Wells Fargo Championship .
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side must improve if they are to become the number one team in the world after completing a series win over Australia .
A jury in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the murder trial of a man who shot and killed a witness in a courtroom on Monday .
A hospital trust in Cumbria has been placed in special measures for a second time .
An extra 130,000 secondary school places will be needed in England by the end of next year to deal with a school places crisis , councils have warned .
The Red Arrows will be replaced by new aircraft within the next two years , Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said .
Around 70 jobs are at risk at an audio manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire .
People who read tabloids make less progress in vocabulary than those who do not , a study has found .
A company director and a risk manager have admitted health and safety breaches after a worker was crushed to death when two pallet stacks fell on top of him .
The Queen has dined out at a historic Edinburgh pub which has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s .
The price of carbon dioxide permits in the European Union has fallen below 5 euros a tonne for the first time since 2009 , as a huge oversupply of permits hit prices .
The price of oil has risen above $ 50 a barrel for the first time in more than a year , boosted by a fall in US inventories and hopes of a deal between Opec and Russia .
A man who died after a light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airfield in County Down on Saturday morning has been named as David McKnight .
The decision on whether to go ahead with the redevelopment of Guernsey 's Castel schools has been delayed by a month .
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in Gwynedd .
Michael Phelps set a new national record to win the 200 m individual medley title at the USA Swimming Championships in San Antonio .
Families in south - east London who rely on specialist formula milk for their babies are being warned they could lose out on thousands of pounds a year if plans to cut supplies go ahead .
Venezuela and Cuba , two of Latin America 's most prosperous countries , are in crisis .
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says Tottenham 's failure to win the Premier League title would not be a " tragedy " if they failed to reach the Champions League .
Northern Ireland athletes Ciara Foster and Jason Smyth both failed to reach the semi - finals of the 100 m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as they missed out on the last 16 .
Three generations of a family have been robbed at knifepoint at gunpoint at their home in west Belfast .
Work has begun on a multi - million pound marine park in Dorset .
An Australian man who survived six days in the Australian outback by eating ants has said he is lucky to be alive .
Plans for a £ 100 m sports and housing development in Stirlingshire which would include a golf and tennis centre , hotel and housing for Colin Montgomerie and Jamie Murray have been criticised by a council .
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the WGC - Cadillac Championship in Florida .
One Direction have topped the UK singles chart with their new single Drag Me Down .
The Bank of England 's new plastic fiver is due to go into circulation on Wednesday .
David Cameron has said it is " time for our United Kingdom to come together and move forward " after the Scottish referendum result .
National League side Grimsby Town have re - signed goalkeeper Mark Cooper on a one - year contract after he turned down a new deal with League Two rivals Gateshead .
Dundee defender Shay Logan says manager Derek McInnes was a key factor in his decision to sign a new deal at Pittodrie .
Scientists say they have made a significant leap forward in the search for a universal flu vaccine .
The number of syphilis cases in London has more than doubled in the past five years , figures show .
Zanzibar 's electoral commission chairman has announced the cancellation of elections for president and parliament on the Indian Ocean archipelago because of " gross irregularities " .
It was supposed to be the summer of 2010 .
Relatives of four Chinese men killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost an appeal against the UK government 's refusal to hold a public inquiry .
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency ( MCA ) has asked the Scottish government for £ 1.5 m to cover the costs of dealing with the grounding of a drilling rig in the Western Isles last year .
A Dumfries and Galloway town that has twice been named Scotland 's " most dismal " has won the Scottish Carbuncle award .
Anti - social behaviour on the Night Tube is expected to rise on the new all - night service , which starts on Friday , police say .
Poland has one of Europe 's largest media industries and one of the largest economies in Europe .
The UK is to extend its free trade deal with developing countries after Brexit , the government has announced .
South Korea 's President Park Guen - hye has announced that the sunken Sewol ferry will be raised at the earliest possible date to help recover the remains of the victims of last month 's disaster .
Careers Wales staff have been asked to take voluntary redundancy in a bid to save £ 2.7 m , the Unison union has said .
If you 're a fan of The Apprentice , you wo n't be surprised to learn that we do n't all watch it to see the winners .
The Iranian government has ordered social media firms to block access to the country 's most popular messaging app and other social media services .
A man accused of shooting dead an Indian - American man and wounding another in Kansas has been charged with murder .
The US justice department has accused the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office in California of failing to address " serious systemic deficiencies " in its jail system .
Black Friday has been hailed as the busiest online shopping day of the year in the UK , with more than £ 1.2bn spent online on Friday , according to Visa Europe .
Gusts of up to 70 mph could hit parts of Wales on Tuesday , the Met Office has warned .
A rescue boat used by lifeguards on the Greek island of Lesbos has been taken to the Turkish island of Turkey to help with the rescue of migrants .
Isle of Wight 's historic Hurst Castle is to undergo a major restoration project .
The head of one of the biggest banks in the UK has told the BBC that he is prepared to move jobs out of London after Brexit .
Tony Bellew has ruled himself out of a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua , saying he is " far too good for him " .
Derry City and Strabane District Council has unanimously backed plans to bid to host the Irish Fleadh again .
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Conor Sammon from Derby County .
The new series of Atlantis is back on BBC One , and it 's a very different show to the first one .
When Alfred Russel Wallace was alive , he was one of the most famous scientists in the world .
Manchester United have failed to complete the signing of Spain goalkeeper David de Gea from Old Trafford to Real Madrid before the transfer window closes .
On the pitch at Manchester City 's Etihad Stadium , there is a cacophony of noise coming from the training ground .
The Bernabeu is one of the most intimidating stadiums in the world , and it will be no different on Wednesday .
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year in a row , beating Russia and Australia to the title .
Jack Baird 's late goal gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup .
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham has said he has an " outside but realistic chance " of winning the Labour leadership contest .
A pair of Roman mosaics found during an archaeological dig are to be turned into a museum .
Oscars host Neil Patrick Harris will be remembered as the guy who presented in his pants .
A polar bear at a wildlife park in the Highlands has been taken off show because she is believed to be pregnant .
The mother and sister of a man convicted of stalking singer Lily Allen have said they are " horrendous " and " shocked " by his actions .
A £ 2 m Egyptian statue of a court official is to be auctioned off in a row over its future .
Tommy Quigley scored a stunning second - half winner as Torquay United beat Livingston to reach the Scottish League Cup quarter - finals .
Wakefield Wildcats hooker Joe Simon has signed a new two - year contract with the Super League club .
Newport Gwent Dragons half - back Brett Ferres has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote in the EU referendum , saying they can " decide their future " .
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to sell a majority stake in its Yihaodian brand to Chinese e - commerce giant JD.com .
Pakistan 's most populous province has become the first in the country to recognise Hindu marriages , in a landmark move for the country 's minority Hindus .
Bus and coach operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £ 100 m in new buses and coaches .
The work and pensions secretary , Iain Duncan Smith , has said the prime minister remains " resolved " on plans to ban EU migrants from claiming in - work benefits .
Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to secure the future of the BHS pension scheme , the BBC understands .
The merger of two of the world 's biggest eyewear manufacturers , Essilor and Luxottica , has been given the go - ahead by the European Commission , but are there any objections ?
Paralympic gold medallist Abdullah Hayayei died after being hit on the head by a metal pole during a training session .
New York City 's City Council has approved a bill to crack down on topless performers in Times Square , which has become a popular tourist destination .
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering ( IPO ) on the New York Stock Exchange .
At least eight people have died and 20 are in a critical condition after being trapped in a tractor - trailer outside a Walmart in the US city of San Antonio , Texas .
The Chinese government is aware of British policy on Tibet , David Cameron has said , amid reports that he has been barred from visiting China .
The number of patients being seen within four hours at accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in more than a year .
Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory on stage 15 of the Tour de France as defending champion Chris Froome held on to his overall lead .
Thousands of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike for the second time this year in a dispute over pensions .
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenues for the first three months of the year , helped by strong growth in emerging markets .
Germany 's Johannes Walz won gold in the men 's kayak single sculls at the Rio Olympics with a stunning victory in the final .
Thousands of elderly people are facing " deeply concerning " delays in getting the care they need , a charity has warned .
Gaia Vince has won the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for Book of the Year for her book about life in the Anthropocene .
The Cleveland Indians and Chicago Cubs will meet in the best - of - seven World Series at Wrigley Field on Wednesday night for the chance to end a 108-year wait for a title .
First Derivatives , the Newry - based financial technology firm , has reported a pre - tax profit of £ 7.5 m for the first six months of the year .
India 's parliament has passed a bill that will allow juvenile convicts convicted of serious crimes to be sentenced to life in prison .
A gold pendant found in a Viking burial in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a coroner .
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling , BBC Sport understands .
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Shane Williams ' try in his final game for the national side was a " fitting end " to a " fantastic career " .
John Whittingdale has been named as the new culture secretary , the most senior civil servant in the new government .
A team from the BBC 's Arctic Mission team are travelling to the Arctic Circle to raise awareness of the effects of climate change .
England prop Billy Vunipola is set to make a quick return from injury in time for the start of the Six Nations .
A man has been charged with wasting police time following an alleged robbery in Londonderry .
Olympic gold medallist Louis Smith is to be investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing at a fellow gymnast 's religious beliefs .
Luis Suarez has failed in his appeal against a four - month ban for biting a player at the World Cup , with the Court of Arbitration for Sport saying it was " excessive " .
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe over the killing of a lion in Hwange National Park .
A Chinese woman 's claim that her husband divorced her because he disliked the shape of her face has sparked outrage on social media .
German prosecutors say they have arrested a Syrian jihadist suspected of being part of a group that carried out a series of attacks in Syria .
Women 's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re - signed striker Sarah Heatherson on a two - year deal .
A teenager who was stabbed to death in east London has been named by police .
Ulster and Ireland scrum - half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three - year contract with the province .
A 92-year - old woman had to wait eight hours to be admitted to a ward at a hospital during a week when it missed its admissions target .
Tributes have been paid to one of two men who died after getting into difficulty while swimming at a beauty spot .
The German press is pleading with Britain to stay in the European Union .
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament , amid growing tensions between Shia and Sunni Arabs and Kurds .
Paralympic gold medallist David Whitehead , who ran 40 back - to - back marathons in 40 days , has been the subject of a new photographic exhibition .
Reading defender Michael McAnuff says he would like to stay at the Championship club beyond the end of the season .
As the Welsh Government prepares to unveil its budget for 2017/18 , BBC Wales takes a look at what to expect .
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been threatened with contempt of parliament if he does not attend a Commons select committee meeting .
Lord Alderdice has called on Prime Minister Theresa May to rethink her approach to the issue of the Irish border after Brexit .
Farmers in England will be able to clear ditches up to 1.5 km ( 1.1 miles ) in length from April under new government plans to help prevent flooding .
Surfers have been taking advantage of huge swells created by Storm Imogen off the Scottish coast .
Lifeguards will be on duty at a popular beach where five men drowned last year , a council has announced .
A haul of ancient gold coins dating back to the Fatimid Caliphate has been discovered in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Israel .
England head coach Eddie Jones is expected to name his final 23-man squad for the autumn internationals on Friday , and there are hopes some of the Premiership 's top players could be involved .
The Green Party has pledged to end the tax on sanitary products if it wins the general election .
Plastic surgeons are trialling 3D printing to create new body parts using human cells .
A troupe of performers dressed as elves have been attacked by a gang of youths who threatened them with an airgun .
A 19-year - old man has been extradited to the US from Pakistan and charged with terrorism offences .
South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze university fee increases for 2016 , after a week of protests by thousands of students .
The first helicopter crews to be based at the Inverness Coastguard base have returned to the skies over the Highlands .
The biggest bouncy castle in the world has been erected for a music festival in Southampton .
Trained by Colin Tizzard and ridden by Tom Scuadmore , the four - time winner of the Cheltenham Gold Cup at Aintree , King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Glorious Goodwood won the Grade One race .
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its 2015 results and shareholders ' meeting after the emissions scandal in the US .
South Africa has a lot to offer tourists .
Bayern Munich suffered a shock 3 - 1 defeat by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter - final first leg in Portugal .
A man has been jailed for a minimum of 18 years for the murder of a man in Brighton .
Aberdeen chairman Derek Milne has said a new stadium for the League One club is still on the agenda , despite a loss for the club .
Down produced a superb display to beat Meath 1 - 13 to 0 - 14 at Pairc Esler and end a run of three straight defeats .
The Irish Traveller community in the Republic of Ireland has split genetically from the rest of the Irish population for the first time , according to a study .
Bolton Wanderers defender Ben Howard has been ruled out for up to six weeks with a knee injury sustained in the League One defeat by Peterborough United .
A man has pleaded guilty to making threats to kill himself and police officers in a hoax murder attempt in Flintshire .
Oscar - winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in the UK , including one in London and another in Sheffield .
Footage has emerged of the moment a gunman opened fire on Turkish journalist Selahattin Dundar and his wife at their home in Istanbul .
Libya 's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has been withdrawn because of civil war in the country .
New Zealand all - rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the T20 Blast season with a knee injury .
President Barack Obama 's speech to the African Union ( AU ) in Nairobi was his last visit to the continent before he leaves the White House , but his message was clear - he 's looking forward to life after presidency .
A Met Police detective constable has been jailed for four years for possessing and distributing child pornography .
A conservation group has criticised the Scottish government 's decision to remove beavers that have been found in Tayside .
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history with a thumping victory over Wakefield Trinity .
French police have evicted hundreds of Roma ( Gypsies ) from a camp on the outskirts of Paris , in a move condemned by human rights groups .
Channing Tatum is to reprise his role as a mermaid in a remake of the 1993 Oscar - nominated film The mermaids .
If you have eaten a handful of spicy chicken wings in Angola recently or perhaps polished off a lemony " yassa poulet " in Senegal , there is a good chance your chicken came from abroad .
British racing driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash in the Indianapolis 500 .
Josh Taylor 's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the 19-year - old is a " phenomenal force " who can become Scotland 's next boxing star .
Pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he is hoping to bring back the " scars " of his last Ashes series win over England as he looks to claim his second five - wicket haul in England .
The Cultural Olympiad was a " game - changer " for the UK arts scene and helped boost tourism , according to a new report .
Ricky Burns is a world champion again .
The contract to build the trains for the HS2 high - speed rail link between London and Birmingham has been launched .
Wales bounced back from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard - fought win over Scotland in Edinburgh .
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has called for the World Cup to be rotated around the world so more countries can host it .
Hampshire batsman James Carberry has made his first appearance for the county since being diagnosed with cancer .
A self - driving car developed by Baidu , the world 's biggest search engine , has been stopped by police in Beijing after an executive took his hands off the steering wheel .
Teachers have called on schools to discuss female genital mutilation ( FGM ) with parents and scrutinise holiday requests and summer holiday plans from members of communities that practise the procedure .
A team of scientists has discovered how jumping spiders fine - tune their jumping manoeuvres to ensure they land safely .
A woman who was jailed for life for plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is being honoured with a blue plaque in Derby .
The Chinese space station Tiangong-1 is due to re - enter the Earth 's atmosphere later this week , Chinese officials have confirmed .
A rise in the number of young people trespassing on railway tracks in Wales has prompted a warning from police .
A man has been found guilty of killing his girlfriend after she sent him texts saying she feared for her life .
Chris Ashton scored a hat - trick of tries as Premiership leaders Saracens thrashed Bath to move up to second in the table .
Tourism bosses in Cumbria have said they have seen a " worrying trend " in forward bookings following flooding and landslides .
Pictures of the bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres have been released by scientists .
A UK charity has set up a virtual doctors project in Zambia , which uses volunteers in the UK to provide direct medical support to remote health centres in the country .
Anheuser - Busch InBev , the world 's biggest brewer , has made a fresh bid for rival SABMiller .
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said it is " hard to deal with the uncertainty " .
A body has been found after a fire at a house in the Scottish Borders .
Black bin bags could be collected three times a week in Pembrokeshire as part of efforts to save money .
Syrian rebels have announced the start of a new offensive against government forces in response to what they say has been an increase in attacks by the military .
How much would it cost to borrow to go to university in England ?
Josh Matavesi 's late try gave Ospreys a draw with Racing 92 in their European Champions Cup match at Liberty Stadium .
St Johnstone moved level on points with Hearts at the top of the Premiership thanks to goals from Ross Cummins and Murray Davidson .
Tui Group , one of the UK 's biggest holiday firms , has said it is " deeply shocked " by the terror attack in Tunisia .
A Cardiff speed camera has issued more than 13,000 penalty notices for speeding in its first three years .
An in - out EU referendum should not be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections , Labour has said .
Three men have been jailed after conning businesses out of thousands of pounds in a newspaper advertising scam .
Craig Gordon insists there is " no bigger incentive to play well " than keeping his place in the Liverpool team after being dropped to the bench against Manchester City .
Researchers at Oxford University have developed smart glasses which they say could help blind and partially sighted people live more independently .
Uncertainty about the impact of Brexit on the UK 's manufacturing sector has hit business confidence , according to a report .
US President - elect Donald Trump has announced that the US will withdraw from the Trans - Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal , saying it is " not good for America " .
Atletico Madrid have been crowned La Liga champions for the first time in their history after a draw with Barcelona at the Nou Camp .
Bank of Scotland has launched a new plastic version of its £ 5 note .
Ireland 's economy grew by 7.7 % in the first three months of the year compared with the same period last year , its fastest growth since the financial crisis .
The world 's biggest pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence ( AI ) to help them find new drugs and speed up the discovery process .
A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis after a seven - month inquiry into medicinal use of the drug .
The UK - led coalition fighting so - called Islamic State ( IS ) in Iraq and Syria says it has destroyed nearly $ 1bn ( £ 770 m ) of cash held by the group in the past two years .
Leicester Tigers scrum - half Mike Benjamin could be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
MPs have expressed " grave misgivings " about a new criminal courts charge , saying it has created " perverse incentives " to plead guilty .
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to drop midfielder Martin Olsson after he refused to play for the club .
When the first World Cup was held in India in 1958 , the country was a cricket - mad , cricket - obsessed country , and football was a distant second to cricket .
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after an assault in Denny .
The Berlin Philharmonic 's board of directors has failed to agree on a new chief conductor .
A 21-year - old man has been found dead in a street in Dublin city centre .
Beyonce has been nominated for three Grammy Awards , tying her with Adele for the most nominations for the first time .
A number of paintings by Adolf Hitler have been sold at auction in Germany for more than £ 100,000 ( 130,000 euros ; Â£85,000 ) .
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling into the sea at a lifeboat station in Gwynedd .
Satellite images have shown how Islamic State ( IS ) militants have destroyed Mosul airport as part of their offensive to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul .
If you 're suffering from depression , anxiety or any other mental health condition , you 'll know it can be hard to get help .
Two professors at Swansea University 's School of Management have been accused of bullying and bullying staff .
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Alberta has offered to help save an under - threat elementary school from closure .
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with a hard - fought win over struggling Coventry .
Manchester Storm moved to the top of the Elite League with a 2 - 1 win over Manchester Storm at the Manchester Arena .
Pedro suffered a broken nose in Chelsea 's Champions League win over Shanghai SIPG on Saturday .
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei ddefnyddio am y tro cyntaf i'r cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe gael ei adeiladu ac yna
An Australian hospital has carried out " daunting " surgery on a toddler who was born with an extra leg in her pelvis .
The Central American nation of Belize is one of the world 's smallest and most sparsely populated countries .
Celtic captain Scott Brown has told his team - mates to " get themselves together " and focus on winning the Scottish Premiership title .
Rugby union has been one of Japan 's most successful sports in recent years , with the country 's men 's team winning the Rugby World Cup in 2002 .
An NHS trust that was placed in special measures after high mortality rates at Stafford Hospital has had its rating upgraded .
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie says he is " all good " after suffering an eye injury in a pre - season friendly in Turkey .
A collector of Star Wars memorabilia is hoping to make as much as £ 40,000 selling his collection .
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London .
A health trust has been told to make " dramatic improvements " at two of its hospitals after inspectors found a culture of bullying and low morale .
Emma Croker will start for England in Saturday 's Six Nations match against Ireland after being named in the starting line - up for the first time .
League Two side Portsmouth have signed former Notts County and Belgium Under-21 midfielder Emmanuel Agyemang on a two - year deal .
British troops will be sent to Somalia and South Sudan to help with peacekeeping operations , David Cameron has announced .
Four people were taken to hospital after a fire broke out on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station .
A bomb disposal team was called out after a suspicious device was found in Sheffield .
Four - time Paralympic gold medallist David Weir has been criticised by British Athletics for saying he will still compete in this year 's London Marathon .
A video of a gorilla " dancing " on its back has gone viral on social media .
Physical education should be made a core subject in Welsh schools , according to a report .
A giant model of the structure of a crystal , thought to be the largest ever built , has gone on display in Vienna .
The Afghan Taliban 's new leader , Mullah Akhtar Mansour , has made his first public appearance since being elected , in an audio message .
Rangers have appointed Manchester City academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football .
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average audience of 2.4 million viewers on Thursday night , overnight figures show .
A £ 1.5 m cycle park is to be built in the Vale of Glamorgan .
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by almost 40 % in the year to September 2015 , according to official figures .
A Georgian mansion in the Cotswolds that inspired John Fowles to write his classic novel The French Lieutenant 's Woman is to reopen to the public .
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says it is " possible " Carlos Tevez could return to the club in the future if he is fit .
The rector of Edinburgh University has called on the Scottish government to withdraw plans to change the way universities are governed .
Lego was at the centre of a row last week when it refused to sell works of art by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei , because it did not want them to contain political messages .
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a riot in Torfaen in which up to 100 youths were involved .
A " sozzled " squirrel ran across a bar 's pumps and turned on the tap at a railway club 's pub , leaving a mess of beer bottles and money .
One of TV 's most popular quiz show contestants is taking on a new role on the radio .
Bolton Wanderers have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Luke Murphy on a two - year deal .
The world 's oldest pine fossils have been discovered in Canada , revealing how the tree was shaped by the effects of wildfires .
More than 80 homes were left without power after a fire broke out at a house in Edinburgh .
A 17th Century hand - written note written by King Henry VIII has been revealed in a new episode of the BBC 's Antiques Roadshow .
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone .
Tommy Seymour scored a hat - trick of tries as Glasgow produced a stunning second - half comeback to stun Pro12 leaders Leinster .
The Welsh Labour leader has told party members they may as well " shut up shop " if they do not back her party in the assembly election .
Former Australia international James Mason has left Catalans Dragons by mutual consent after suffering a series of injuries .
Ennio Morricone has said he was " flattered " to work with director Quentin Tarantino on The Hateful Eight - and that his criticism of the director was " misreported " .
South Sudan 's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to the country to try to end the country 's civil war .
Plans for Oxfordshire to become the first county in England to have a single elected mayor have been unveiled .
A six - year - old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has made " amazing " progress , his parents have said .
Hundreds of people gathered in Coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the World War Two bombing of the city .
British Cycling and Team Sky have been invited to give evidence to MPs about a package delivered to Sir Bradley Wiggins ' team doctor .
The latest air disaster to hit the headlines is the loss of AirAsia flight QZ8501 over Indonesia .
Two teenagers who were racially abused by Metropolitan Police officers have been awarded £ 25,000 in damages .
The family of a British backpacker who died in an attack in Australia in which a woman was stabbed to death have said the world is " a poorer place " .
Northampton Town 's former chairman David Cardoza and his father were given more than £ 2.65 m by a company appointed to oversee the redevelopment of the club 's Sixfields stadium , it has emerged .
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to the late Indian missionary Mother Teresa , paving the way for her to become a saint .
It 's that time of year again when the world 's most powerful leaders descend on Britain .
Chile 's Calbuco volcano has erupted for the second time in a week , sending a plume of smoke and ash into the air and forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people .
A surfer has died after being attacked by a shark in Western Australia .
Ulsan , South Korea 's biggest shipbuilding yard , is one of the world 's biggest , and one of its most important , but few other towns in Asia .
The streets of Munich 's Mariensaeule square are bustling with activity .
Vodafone has said it is " unclear " how many of the " positive attributes " of the European Union will remain once the UK leaves .
The South West of England is to get the highest share of a new fund to help tackle the housing crisis , the government has announced .
Turkeys , ducks , chickens and pigs in blankets have been stolen during a break - in at a butcher 's shop .
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their dog units as part of cost - cutting measures .
Austria 's far - right Freedom Party ( FPOe ) has topped the run - off vote in Austria 's presidential election , while France 's National Front ( FN ) leader Marine Le Pen is expected to make a formidable push for the French presidency .
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a two - year deal .
Sir Bradley Wiggins says he " stands by " comments he made in his 2012 book My Time in which he said he had never had an illegal performance - enhancing injection .
UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor is back in Manchester .
The number of vacancies for children 's social workers in England has risen by more than a third in a year , official figures show .
The Food Standards Agency ( FSA ) has said it will allow 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon to re - open after tests showed there was no obvious risk to public health .
The family of a black man who died after being restrained by police have called for calm after violent protests over his death .
George North says the British and Irish Lions need to " kick on " from their opening two matches of their tour of New Zealand if they are to win the Test series .
It is a strange time of year in Syria .
An anti - bullying charity has called for a gym 's advert for its Fit4Less gym to be removed after it was branded " in poor taste " and " offensive " .
Police in Italy have arrested more than 100 people in an investigation into suspected match - fixing in football .
A 19th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to a working condition after more than 50 years of restoration work .
The NHS is being used as a " guinea pig for further creeping privatisation " , the Green Party has claimed .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored with eight minutes left to give Portugal a narrow first - leg lead over Sweden in their World Cup qualifier in Lisbon .
US President - elect Donald Trump has dismissed as " ridiculous " reports that the CIA has concluded that Russia tried to help him win the election .
The Knights of Malta , the world 's oldest monastic order , have been celebrating their 900th anniversary at the Vatican .
What are the best teams of all time ?
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has watched police trawling through tonnes of rubbish at the site where he was last seen .
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing appropriate access to technology for learning purposes in schools .
Visitors to the Maze in London have been given the chance to find Sherlock Holmes in a maze .
Footage of the police raid on the Lindt Cafe siege in Sydney , Australia , has been released to the public for the first time .
A Mexican man has been charged with the 2010 murder of a US border patrol agent who was shot dead in Arizona .
A school trust has written to parents warning them of " unthinkable " plans to cut teaching and support jobs and shorten the school day in a bid to save money .
Hundreds of people have signed a petition in a bid to save courses at an Oxford University college .
Betty Churcher , the former director of Australia 's national art gallery , has died aged 86 .
The prime minister has revealed her Christmas plans for this year , including watching Doctor Who and Agatha Christie .
A 25-year - old man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A9 in the Highlands .
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty , according to a new report .
Hundreds of jobs are under threat at an Aberdeen - based oil and gas engineering firm .
A Conservative - run council in Surrey has proposed a 15 % increase in council tax for 2017 - 18 , saying it has " no choice " but to raise it .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he will be better next season after admitting his side were not good enough to challenge for the Premier League title .
National League side York City have signed Forest Green Rovers midfielder Kadeem Kadamjo on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Wales ' First Minister Carwyn Jones is to become the first female commanding officer of The Royal Welsh at a ceremony at Twickenham .
A college in Coventry is getting record numbers of candidates through their GCSEs by radically changing its approach .
Former England and Tottenham midfielder David Ginola says he will challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of Fifa .
Welsh Labour is facing a " massive crisis " following its election defeat , a former minister has said .
A Florida prosecutor has dropped charges against Donald Trump 's campaign manager over an alleged assault on a reporter at a Florida rally .
Plans for a technology park and teaching block for the University of Sussex in West Sussex have been unveiled .
A girl had to be treated in hospital after she was attacked by a dog that was allegedly out of control .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has not given up hope of signing Wales midfielder Joe Allen .
A Southend United fan has been given a suspended prison sentence for his part in a brawl at a League One match .
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a court he had " absolutely nothing " to do with the murder , blaming it on " a Geordie man " .
The father of a woman who was gang - raped and murdered in the Indian capital , Delhi , has said he wants his daughter 's name to be made public .
( Close ) : London 's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday , with mining stocks among the biggest fallers as oil prices fell .
The Peruvian space agency has launched its first satellite , which it says will provide the most detailed view of the country 's mining history .
Leicester Speedway have reached an agreement with the British Speedway Promoters ' Association over their future .
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by a narrow margin of 48.1 % to 51.9 % in a referendum .
Sudan have lost their appeal against a decision to disqualify five of their players from the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against DR Congo .
A man has been arrested after a woman was set alight and later died in hospital .
Hospitals in Wales may have to cut back on non - urgent surgery in the run - up to Christmas , the chief medical officer for Wales has warned .
A driver has told a court he is " truly sorry " for causing the death of a lollipop lady who was hit by his car outside a school .
UK manufacturing grew at its fastest pace in more than three years in May , according to a closely - watched survey , but the sector remains " at a standstill " .
A man has been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act after being found not guilty of attempted murder by reason of insanity .
The news that 70 % of Premier League season ticket prices have been frozen or reduced this year is a welcome development for fans .
Two rare white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa .
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being rescued from a tanker carrying acid off the coast of Cornwall .
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri called on his players to be " gladiators " after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall .
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas has said the party will support a second referendum on the UK 's exit from the European Union if it wins seats in the general election .
From the age of 15 to 20 , Ryan Ryan was a drug addict .
Growth in the number of home buyers in the UK has slowed down , according to a survey of surveyors .
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a new petrol engine that uses a new technology that it says is the first of its kind .
Police investigating the discovery of a human skull on a motorway slip road have said further skeletal remains have been found .
At least 55 dead greyhounds have been found in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland .
Golfers live longer than non - golfers and are more physically active , according to new research .
Northampton Town have been placed into administration .
Police control room service in Dumfries has performed " to the satisfaction of the public " despite the closure of its control centre , a report has found .
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession after being found guilty of misconduct involving sexual content on Facebook .
House prices in the East of England were the fastest - growing area of the UK in the past year , according to official figures .
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection test has told an inquest he does not believe his son 's training failed .
Photographs by Raul Roman and Lonnie Schlein .
Mark Stoneman 's century was not enough to prevent Warwickshire beating Durham by seven wickets at Edgbaston .
The University of Londonderry 's new student accommodation will not be ready for use until next year , it has been confirmed .
Dover maintained their National League play - off push with a comfortable win over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Ground .
Uganda 's Kizza Besigye is a former army doctor who rose to prominence during the 1980s bush war as a close ally of President Yoweri Museveni .
A trustee of Cardigan Castle has resigned from a conservation group to protect his family from " virtual persecution " .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a hotel in Edinburgh .
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that he fears the country is being portrayed as the worst threat to Nato .
Police have released images of two men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester .
Sinn FÃ © in has called on unionist politicians to condemn " hatemongers " who put a replica coffin bearing the image of Martin McGuinness on a bonfire .
Morrisons has said it is raising the price of Marmite by 5 % because of the falling pound .
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as secretary general of the Confederation of African Football ( Caf ) just days after his predecessor Issa Hayatou was ousted .
Teachers ' unions in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education and employers in a dispute over pay .
An inquiry into how to improve education for prisoners in England and Wales has been launched by the justice secretary .
The Pirate Bay file - sharing site has been hit by a distributed denial of service ( DDoS ) attack .
The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary is to be published , with more than 1,000 words inspired by the author 's stories .
Critically endangered species such as the yellow crested cockatoo can become self - sustaining as a separate population outside of their natural range , a study suggests .
Scotland 's nursing and midwifery workforce is facing a " perfect storm " of rising demand , a union has warned .
A custody sergeant accused of the manslaughter of a man who died after being restrained in custody was " not a computer " , a court has heard .
Andy Murray 's former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had " a lot of enquiries " from players wanting to work with the Briton again .
Raymond Aubrac , one of the last surviving members of the French Resistance during World War Two , has died aged 97 .
A partial demolition of a block of flats in an Inverclyde village where a lorry crashed into a woman 's home is expected to be required .
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams hopes to win the right for women 's boxing to feature longer rounds after the WBC said it will never allow three - minute rounds .
Mexico stunned hosts Brazil to win Olympic gold in the men 's football with a shock 2 - 0 victory in the final at Wembley .
Cao Lei , Liu Chunhong and Chen Xiexia are among four Chinese weightlifters to be banned for a year for doping at the 2012 Olympics .
Oscar - nominated actor Casey Affleck says he was " honoured " to play a " demanding " role in Manchester by the Sea , which also stars Matt Damon .
Gloucestershire 's winless start to the One - Day Cup season continued as they were beaten by Glamorgan by eight wickets in Bristol .
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with a mass bandstand marathon as part of the Cultural Olympiad .
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers defender Jussi Jaaskelainen on a two - year deal .
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 15-year - old Bailey Gwynne at an Aberdeen school .
Google has announced that it is to stop making Google Glass .
UK industrial production has fallen into recession , according to the Office for National Statistics .
A High Court ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) failed in its legal duty to stop loyalist flag - protest parades has been challenged in the UK Supreme Court .
Chris Brown is among five people who have been shot at a nightclub in California .
The population of one of the world 's rarest gibbons has crashed to a new low in China , according to researchers .
Some parents are overfeeding their babies and young children , putting them at risk of becoming overweight or obese , research suggests .
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored their first Premier League goals of the season as Manchester United beat Leicester City at Old Trafford .
More than a third of working families in England will be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job , according to a survey by Shelter .
Championship side Leicester City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Hector on a season - long loan deal .
England captain Wayne Rooney should not retire from international football , says former captain Frank Lampard .
Hampshire moved to the top of the T20 Blast South Group with a six - wicket win over Glamorgan , while Middlesex beat Sussex by two runs in a thrilling finish .
Organisers of the CarFest festival , where a pilot was killed when his Folland Gnat jet crashed during an aerial display , have said the event will go ahead .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed the woman who led an inquiry into claims of anti - Semitism in the party to a peerage .
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to recognise one another formally for the first time .
Scientists in the US have discovered a new class of plastic materials that can be recycled and used to make new products .
Police in Indian - administered Kashmir say rioting has broken out in the city of Srinagar after a Hindu temple was vandalised .
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying at UK universities if the UK votes to leave the EU , a survey suggests .
An 18-year - old schoolgirl has lost a High Court case against an MLA who she claimed harassed her on Facebook .
A BBC Persian presenter has said she was prevented from travelling to the US because she is a dual Iranian - British citizen .
The cost to Scotland of cancelling a competition to develop carbon capture and storage technology could be as much as £ 8.9bn , a report has found .
The average wealth of working - age households in the UK has risen by Â£2,000 over the past decade , according to a new report .
Laura Trott won the women 's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling National Track Championships in Manchester .
A man has been jailed for five years for the attempted murder of a police officer who was hit by a stolen car while trying to stop it .
Oscar Pérez is one of Venezuela 's most wanted men , accused of carrying out an attack on the Supreme Court on Tuesday .
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the squads for the North v South one - day international series in Dubai in March .
A campaign has been launched to save the home of Dylan Thomas in London 's Hotel Chelsea from being demolished .
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Gwynedd forest is being treated as suspicious , police have said .
Poland 's ambassador to Britain has called on all Polish nationals who fall victim of " xenophobic abuse " to report it to police .
At least 27 people have been killed in three bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden , officials say .
A Muslim rights group in Washington , DC , has been evacuated after a suspicious package containing a white powder was delivered to its office .
A public clothing order has been issued against " rambling naked " campaigner Stephen Gough .
A multi - million pound project to rebuild a shopping centre 's car park has been given the green light .
A 19-year - old man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a 15-month - old boy whose body was found in a cellar after it was found on the dark web .
The Labour Party has retained the Cardiff South and Penarth seat in south Wales .
The ball is being bowled , the bowler is in the middle of the pitch and the batsman is at the crease .
A man in a wheelchair has blown up a device in the arrivals hall of Beijing 's international airport in an apparent protest , state media say .
Cardiff Devils coach Scott Kelman says he does not feel bad for Sheffield Steelers , who will face the Devils in Sunday 's Challenge Cup final .
The oil giant BP has withdrawn some of its non - essential staff from Libya in response to " ongoing political uncertainty " .
A man has died after falling from the window of a second - floor flat .
The Rail , Maritime and Transport ( RMT ) union has voted to accept a pay offer for staff on London 's Night Tube service .
A tennis player who was born and raised in a refugee camp in the US has won a Black History Month award .
Find out more about the sport you can follow on BBC Radio 5 live .
Jersey side St Helens are aiming for a top - four finish in the Championship , according to new signing James Stevens .
A " damaged and dangerous " convicted killer has been jailed for a second time for raping and robbing a woman in Leicester .
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the mistakes that led to his side 's Premier League relegation last season .
A former Methodist minister sexually abused four boys by hypnotising them , a court has heard .
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power after Storm Barney hit the country .
A 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the disappearance of two teenagers from West Yorkshire .
Kai Riek is a 12-year - old boy from South Sudan who has been living in a refugee camp for more than two years .
Mental health services in Devon and Cornwall are struggling to cope with a rise in the number of police detentions of patients , an A&E doctor has said .
An investigation has been launched into the cause of a house fire in Greater Manchester .
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ordered Apple to pay more than $ 500 m ( Â£400 m ) in damages to a university over a patent dispute .
MSPs have accused a health board of a " culture of complacency " over its finances and of failing to properly manage its finances .
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of weakening the coalition 's commitment to fairness and civil liberties in his final Commons speech .
Four - time Olympic champion Mo Farah set a new world record to win the men 's half marathon at the IPC World Championships in Portugal .
A woman has admitted inciting her pet dog to attack another woman after she fell out with her friend , a court has heard .
Mae'r Archesgob Cymru wedi disgrifio'r achos fel un " hanesyddol " i ganiatáu menywod i fod yn esgobion ei wneud yn 2013 .
British number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play for Slovenia at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics .
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson believes the club 's squad can compete at the top end of the Scottish Premiership this season .
Harriet Harman , the former Labour deputy prime minister , has been campaigning for the UK to stay in the European Union in a speech in London .
Curzon is to be honoured at this year 's Bafta Film Awards for its " extraordinary contribution " to British film .
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for a fee in the region of £ 25 m .
MPs from the SNP have been given the power to chair two Commons select committees .
Brazil 's impeached President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Rio de Janeiro after her impeachment by the Senate .
A man in his 20s has been shot in the leg in north Belfast .
UKIP AM Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives , BBC Wales understands .
An inquest into the death of an Army reservist who collapsed and died on an SAS selection exercise has heard he did not think he would survive .
Northern Ireland 's most senior police officer has said the failure to reach a deal on the legacy of the past is a " huge disappointment " .
Billionaire Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya has failed in a bid to sell the headquarters of his former airline and drinks firm .
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed Chris Grayson as their new head coach .
I have been collecting matchbox labels for more than 30 years and have amassed a collection of 25,000 .
Hearts have completed the signing of Prince Buaben from Carlisle United .
E - commerce giants such as eBay and Gumtree could be targeted by the taxman as part of a crackdown on the " hidden economy " .
Dozens of civilians have been killed in an attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan by militants from both Taliban and Islamic State , officials say .
Facebook has asked the High Court in Dublin to rule on whether it can be held to account over its data transfers to the US .
An Iranian court has sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for spying for the United States , state media say .
A female golden eagle known as Lassie has begun incubating an egg at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve in Perthshire .
Craig McAllister scored a late equaliser to earn Eastleigh a 1 - 1 draw at home to Aldershot .
The Council for the Curriculum , Examinations and Assessment ( CCEA ) is investigating an allegation of malpractice over a business studies exam .
The family of a nine - year - old boy who was killed by a motorcyclist on holiday in Greece have said they are " mortified " after a court upheld his sentence .
The Prince of Wales urged Tony Blair to introduce a cull of badgers in the English countryside , newly published letters reveal .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a London subway have appealed for witnesses to come forward .
A man is to stand trial accused of making a " threatening and offensive remark " during Celtic 's Scottish Cup semi - final win over Rangers .
On the 70th anniversary of one of the worst World War Two air raids on Manchester , in which more than 600 people were killed , BBC News looks back at the memories of those who lived through the devastation .
A woman has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to the murder of her mother , who she said she had killed herself .
A row has broken out over Apple 's plans to require news publishers to agree to indemnify the firm in the event of a legal claim against them in its forthcoming news app .
A search is under way for the remains of King Henry I who was buried in Reading in 1136 .
The number of suicides in prisons in England and Wales has reached its highest level in 10 years , the chief inspector of prisons has warned .
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend 's home and caused £ 20,000 worth of damage has been jailed for six months .
One of London 's leading GP practices has said it has seen its busiest week in its history .
The stars of the new Star Trek film Star Trek Beyond have welcomed the revelation that Hikaru Sulu , the first gay character in the franchise , is gay .
Michael Gove has said he accepts Theresa May 's decision to sack him from the cabinet was the " right thing to do " .
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van on a road in Devon .
Nasa wants to send humans to Mars .
Scotland have called up South African centre Alex Jones for the two Tests against Japan in June .
The police ombudsman 's office is to resume investigations into more than 150 historical complaints against the PSNI .
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of keeping Julian Assange in the Ecuadorean embassy for three years .
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries as Essex dominated on day one against Hampshire at Chelmsford .
A court in China 's western Xinjiang region has begun the trial of Prof Ilham Tohti , who has been charged with separatism .
Sir Chris Hoy will be the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics on Friday .
The Met Office has named the storm that is set to hit the UK this week as Abigail .
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean , the first of its kind to form in the region since records began .
Portsmouth defender Jack Whatmough has signed a new two - year contract with the League Two club .
Small businesses are under increasing pressure to keep their customers ' data safe from hackers , fraudsters and natural disasters , but how do they do this ?
Two 16-year - old boys have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Manchester on Saturday .
Britain 's Kell Brook will be out of action for up to six months after suffering an eye injury in his defeat by Gennady Golovkin .
An ex - police officer has called for an independent investigation into the murder of a woman in Derbyshire more than 40 years ago .
A blood test that can tell how fast your body is ageing has been developed by scientists .
A village in northern India has hosted a contest to find the country 's most beautiful female selfies .
The deputy first minister has said the Scottish government is " working hard " to safeguard the future of Glasgow 's Arches nightclub and arts venue .
Aberdeen must prove they can handle the pressure of playing at Hampden in Saturday 's Scottish Cup semi - final against Hibernian , says former Dons captain Jim Miller .
Plans to enshrine mandatory staffing levels for the NHS in Scotland are to be announced .
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the Toulon job , BBC Sport understands .
Great Britain 's Lionhearts lost the World Series of Boxing ( WSB ) light - flyweight title to Cuba in the final at the Manchester Arena .
One of the first people to cash in his pension pot has told the BBC he will be the first in the UK to do so .
Talks aimed at ending a long - running dispute over the running of Southern rail services are due to resume on Monday .
Three Syrian refugees who overpowered a suspected terror suspect in Leipzig , Germany , and tied him up are being hailed as heroes by the country 's media and politicians .
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the death penalty to be upgraded to manslaughter .
Archaeologists have discovered a " square megalithic circle " at a Neolithic monument in Oxfordshire .
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry which firefighters believe was started accidentally .
Two of the giant ceramic poppies at the centre of World War One 's Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red installation are to go on display for the first time .
Haiti 's former police chief Guy Philippe has appeared in court in the US on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering .
HSBC could move up to 10,000 staff out of London if the UK leaves the EU , the BBC understands .
Broadband speeds of up to 35Mbps will be available in parts of Scotland for the first time next year , thanks to new technology .
Plans to build 1,090 new homes a year for the next 30 years in York have been unveiled .
Chilla Kurniawan is a 19-year - old student at Kharisma Bangsa secondary school in Indonesia .
Northampton Town 's Callum Toney says he is adapting well to life in the Premier League , despite feeling homesick for Newcastle United .
In the run - up to the general election on 8 June , we 're bringing you a daily guide to the issues that matter to you .
Highland Council has said it is unlikely that a new school campus in Wick will open in October as planned .
Average fuel prices in the UK rose by more than 5p per litre in June , according to the latest figures from the RAC motoring body .
Romanian Fed Cup captain Ilie Nastase was sent off the court and British number one Johanna Konta broke down in tears during their Fed Cup tie in Romania on Saturday .
Volunteers are being sought to help maintain an Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire .
A Northern Ireland woman who underwent gender reassignment surgery at the age of 69 has said she feels like she has " come out of the closet " .
China 's biggest search engine , Baidu , along with carmakers Changan and Geely , has announced it is releasing its technology to the public .
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is " very honoured and flattered " after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham Festival .
Shakespeare 's Globe is one of the UK 's most famous theatres , but it 's also home to one of its most important academic institutions .
MPs have rejected a bid to change the law to make sex selective abortion illegal in England , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Between 2004 and 2012 , the participation rate of women in India 's labour force dropped from 68 % to 62 % .
Landowners and farmers are being asked to give their views on plans to reintroduce lynx to parts of the UK .
JK Rowling has defended herself on Twitter after receiving abusive messages from people calling her a " traitor " for her political views .
Mount Etna , one of the world 's most active volcanoes , has erupted for the second time this year .
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules in England and Wales .
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during protests against President Nicolas Maduro , officials say .
In the Victorian fairground where the grotesque mixed with the gaudy , there would be a place where you would be able to lace up a pair of boxing gloves and take on the man mountain who would be waiting for you in the ring .
Royal Mail has warned of a " material risk " to its letter delivery business because of competition from new rivals .
A woman has been given a suspended prison sentence for defrauding a charity set up in memory of a Cumbrian teenager who died from cancer .
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike in protest after being barred from taking part in regional elections .
The disappearance of 43 students in the northern Mexican city of Ayotzinapa in September has shocked the country .
Crewe Alexandra midfielder Ed Woodward says he has been waiting five weeks to give police a statement about being sexually abused as a child .
Tests on water supplies in a Cambridgeshire town have found " hormone - like organisms " but nothing harmful to human health .
For many travellers , the hotel experience is not the best .
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into the possible kidnapping of up to 100 people .
A man is in an induced coma in hospital after being stabbed in a road rage attack .
Archaeologists say they have found the " most dated Mesolithic encampment ever found in the UK " near Stonehenge .
French far - right politician Marine Maréchal - Le Pen is set to quit the party , according to reports in Le Figaro newspaper and other media .
At least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion and fire at an oil pipeline in Mexico , officials say .
Emma Watson has been speaking out against gender inequality in the world .
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will defend her WBO world super - bantamweight title against Mexico 's Claudia Salazar at the Manchester Arena on Saturday .
Plans for a new post-16 centre for young people in Torfaen have been approved by councillors .
Ross County centre - back Andrew Davies has signed a new two - year contract with the Premiership club .
Up to 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans could be invited to an unveiling of a new centre dedicated to those who served during the conflict .
An inquest into the death of a boy who was shot in the head with a rubber bullet by a soldier has been told there is a " significant risk " to his health if he can not give evidence .
Police searching for a missing Denbighshire woman who has been missing for more than a month have said they are continuing to search for her .
A bus company is set to go into administration with the loss of dozens of jobs .
A minimum price for alcohol in pubs and clubs should be introduced across the UK , a committee of peers has said .
Thousands of children in England are being taught by unqualified teachers , according to a teachers ' union .
Teenagers are better at learning from bad experiences than adults , according to research .
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of Syria - related terrorism offences .
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been approved by councillors .
The first temporary school buildings have arrived at the site of a West Sussex school destroyed by fire .
Carlos Tevez 's proposed move from Manchester City to Brazilian side Corinthians has collapsed after the two clubs failed to agree terms .
An SNP MSP has been accused of showing " complete contempt for the people who elected him " after he missed a Holyrood meeting to officiate at a football match in Portugal .
A low - fat diet appears to be more effective at losing body fat than a low - carb one , according to US scientists .
People are happier and more relaxed when they watch aquariums with more fish in them , a study suggests .
A new car will let parents control how the car is driven by their children .
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and posting a picture of her dead body on Facebook .
David Bowie has died at the age of 69 .
Heather Rabbatts , the Football Association 's first black and minority ethnic ( BAME ) board member , is to step down from the governing body after five years .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Joseph Warungu , a former government minister and journalist , explains why Kenya 's opposition leader Raila Odinga and President Uhuru Kenyatta are fighting over electoral reform .
A newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being " archaic " after it was told it could not film Prime Minister Theresa May 's visit to Cornwall .
A new chief executive has been appointed for a health board in Cardiff .
England have won the Under-20 World Cup .
The English Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd trouble at Wembley Stadium during England 's Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania .
ITV has said it is " fully prepared to maintain an open dialogue " with unions after more than 200 staff voted to strike in a pay dispute .
The government 's plans to change the way disabled people in England and Wales claim benefits have been set out in law .
Leicester Tigers have re - signed England centre Ellis Genge on a season - long loan from Bristol .
Call of Duty fans have reacted angrily on social media after a video game maker staged a fictional attack in Singapore ahead of its release .
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries .
Portugal 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the World Cup suffered a blow as Diego Varela 's injury - time equaliser denied them victory over the USA in Salvador .
Sky Sports will show the first Friday night Premier League game of the season for the first time this season .
The Department of Infrastructure ( DRD ) has been ordered to pay damages to a firm that lost out on a multi - million pound contract after failing to secure the lowest bid in a public procurement process .
The number of teacher vacancies in some parts of northern Scotland is so high that some councils are struggling to fill them .
Shrewsbury College has announced plans to cut 76 jobs as part of a cost - cutting drive .
The Eiffel Tower and the Louvre Museum in Paris have reopened to the public following Friday 's attacks in the French capital .
US President Donald Trump 's plan to cut funding for the State Department and foreign aid would be a " disaster " , a senior Republican senator has said .
A group of 10 people , including children , have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross the border into Syria .
The former Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale .
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two - year deal after he turned down a new deal with Premier League side Chelsea .
Plaid Cymru 's leader has said she will not " stifle debate " about cutting the top rate of income tax for the top 1 % in Wales .
Cornish Reds head coach Chris Churcher praised his side 's front row after they beat Chinnor on Saturday .
A firm has been fined £ 50,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck at a warehouse in Lincolnshire .
The new Ghostbusters remake has received a mixed response from critics , with some calling it " fun , funny and full of energy " and others saying it is " an unfunny mess " .
Scientists have solved the mystery of why flamingos stand unsupported on one leg .
The government spent £ 8.3bn to set up and run academies in England in the two years after the general election , £ 1bn over budget , a spending watchdog says .
Labour is " trying to get a compromise that will work " on the Brexit bill , the shadow foreign secretary has said , as the party prepares for another vote on the legislation .
Widnes Vikings head coach Ian Betts says he does not believe his side 's recent form is as bad as it first appeared .
Paralympic gold medallists Jack Peacock , Jo Butterfield , Hannah Cockroft and Hannah Cox are among the athletes named in Great Britain 's team for the IPC Athletics World Championships in London .
A County Londonderry - based engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs at its Kilrea site .
Glasgow Warriors have extended the contracts of Scotland Under-20 internationals Alex Rae and Nasi Bhatti .
League One strugglers Braintree Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season .
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says the modern - day game is " no reflection on real life " as he prepares for his 1,000th game in charge of a Premier League club .
The body of a man whose remains were found in a lay - by was not murdered , police have said .
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend a controversial biofuels quota which it says is driving up food prices .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has mocked Theresa May 's " cunning plan " for Brexit by comparing it to the character of Baldrick .
Exeter City have reported a profit for the last financial year .
A pensioner has been given a community payback order after driving home from a pub in Aberdeenshire while more than four times the drink - drive limit .
Police investigating the murder of a man shot dead in his Dorset home are searching a river in a bid to find the weapon used in the attack .
A man charged with the attempted murder of two teenagers in Hampshire has died in prison .
Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Yann Atangana on a two - year deal .
The Conservatives have said that if they win the general election , they will introduce a cap on energy prices .
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5 % by the Bank of England 's rate - setting committee for a second time this year .
Every bank and post office worker in England and Wales is to be trained to spot when a customer is being conned out of cash .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK 's offer to EU citizens living in the UK to keep their rights after Brexit is a " good start " .
Two Grade II - listed Victorian swimming pools and a 19th Century mansion are among the world 's most endangered landmarks , according to a new list .
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says he is " frustrated " by his side 's poor start to the Premiership season .
Police have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault in Glasgow .
The family of a man who was stabbed to death at a hostel in Newport have called on the government to publish a report into the handling of serious further offence reviews .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 closed lower , dragged down by mining and construction shares , while housebuilders recovered from earlier falls .
Two children and a man have been taken to hospital after the car they were in crashed into a barrier and landed on its roof .
A 23-year - old man has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged over the death of Karl Haugh in Kilkee , County Limerick .
A baseball coach in Venezuela has called for a boycott of the upcoming baseball season because of the country 's economic crisis .
BBC Points West 's political editor Paul Barlow looks at the challenges facing the SNP in the general election .
Tributes have been paid to a boxer who died after being knocked out during a fight .
A British teacher who died in China after a carbon monoxide leak was killed by a gas leak , an inquest has heard .
A football club has appealed for the identity of a bride - to - be who posed for a photo with a coach full of players after a motorway bridge collapsed .
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished second in the first round of the World Rally Championship ( WRC ) in Sweden as Elfyn Ogier won the Rally Finland .
Plans are being drawn up to improve a caravan park in Bristol which was bought by Crown Estates .
Telecoms services in Shetland and Orkney have been restored after a power cut caused major disruption to emergency services .
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is likely to be held in 2018 .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have signed midfielder Jordan Chow on a two - year contract .
A drink - driver who killed a police community support officer in a hit - and - run crash in Monmouthshire has been jailed .
Police in Glasgow are calling for CCTV cameras to be installed at the city 's Necropolis to help tackle anti - social behaviour .
The airline Monarch is in talks with the aviation regulator about its financial situation , the BBC understands .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 opened higher , but shares in Marks and Spencer fell sharply after the retailer warned of a drop in profits .
A High Court judge has banned HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) from entering the grounds of Newcastle United 's ground and that of West Ham United .
Crusaders will hope to extend their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership to seven points if they beat Glenavon .
Northern Ireland 's Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the week at the Isle of Man TT on Thursday night as he topped the Superstocks and Supersport leaderboard .
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one - year contract with the club .
Proposals to cut the Six Nations tournament from seven weeks to six are " messing with players ' health " , says Welsh Rugby Union chairman Gareth Davies .
The makers of the Lego Movie are to make a TV series based on the hit podcast Serial .
A 26-year - old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley .
University staff in England are staging a one - day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay .
A major golf tournament will be moved from Florida to Mexico City next year because of a lack of sponsorship , US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said .
Olympic silver medallist Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton .
England international Jess Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies .
BBC Radio Scotland presenter Robbie Robertson is to retire from the airwaves after 35 years of broadcasting .
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are " buzzing " as they prepare to confirm their status as Scottish Premiership champions on Sunday .
Thousands of people have been rescued and thousands of homes have been flooded in the US state of Louisiana after heavy rains caused severe flooding .
Brazil have called up Kaka to their squad for next month 's Copa America in South America .
Jess Glynne 's latest album has topped the UK album chart .
Tributes have been paid to a man shot dead by police on the M62 in West Yorkshire .
The first female chief pilot of an Australian airline has been appointed , making her the first in the country 's history .
Turkish police have fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in Istanbul and in the southern city of Izmir , where two people have died in protests .
A former NHS chief executive has admitted defrauding the NHS out of more than £ 11,000 .
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted in an Edinburgh flat .
The Ulster Gazette and the Antrim Guardian lead the front pages on Wednesday 's papers with the stories of two " heroes " and a villain .
A council chief executive has been ordered to pay £ 25,000 in damages to a blogger who defamed him in a libel case .
Emergency teams in Nepal are arriving in the capital , Kathmandu , to help the survivors of the devastating earthquake .
A payday lender has agreed to pay out £ 700,000 in compensation to more than 100,000 customers who may have suffered from affordability problems .
Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to compete for Great Britain at the Rio 2016 Olympics .
Singer - songwriter Alex Turner has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album Architect , which explores his experiences of growing up homeless in Paris .
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland 's World Cup qualifier against England after injuring his calf .
Australian oil and gas firm Woodside has reported a 27 % rise in half - year profits , helped by higher realised prices for its liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) and record production .
Thailand 's Senate has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to supporters of ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
The Newport Ship is to be moved from its current home in Maeglas to a new warehouse in the city .
Olympic silver medallist Jack Burnell won the men 's 100 m backstroke at the British Swimming Championships in London .
Mo Farah failed to defend his 5,000 m title at the World Championships for the second time in three days as he was beaten in a thrilling final lap .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will be among the first British players to play on day one of the US Open on Monday .
China 's industrial production rose at a slower - than - expected pace in April , adding to signs that the country 's economy is losing momentum .
( Close ) : Shares in mining companies led the FTSE 100 higher after the US Federal Reserve decided not to raise interest rates .
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool is helping to improve pupils ' academic performance , researchers have said .
Maoist rebels will not be allowed to attack any train in India , a senior railway minister has told the BBC .
A 29-year - old man has appeared in court charged with breaching restrictions imposed on him as part of a counter - terrorism investigation .
Jeremy Corbyn has visited Scotland as he continues his campaign to become the next Labour leader .
Scottish Power is to offer customers the chance to buy gas and electricity by the " day " as part of a new way of buying energy .
The Co - operative Insurance Company has been ordered to provide customers with separate quotes for no claims bonus cover after it missed a deadline to do so .
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the vacant West Indies head coach 's job .
The father of a woman who was allegedly gang raped in Afghanistan says the president of the country has promised to investigate the case .
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has ruled himself out of the race to become the party 's next leader .
David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Conwy council .
Nigel Farage has said " the momentum is on our side " as the UK prepares to hold a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the European Union .
Plans to build more than 100 homes in Carrbridge in Aviemore National Park have been refused .
Chesterfield midfielder Mathieu Gnanduillet has joined League Two side Wycombe Wanderers on loan until the end of the season .
The England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) has announced that the Women 's World Twenty20 will be held in 2017 .
Pop star Britney Spears has returned to the UK stage for the first time since her Las Vegas residency ended last year - but her performance in London was disappointing .
There 's more bad news for Network Rail .
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed , officials say .
Louis van Gaal did not expect his side to beat Arsenal at Emirates Stadium on Saturday .
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a one - month loan from Premiership rivals Newcastle Falcons .
Katarina Pavey produced a stunning display to win Great Britain 's first women 's 800 m gold medal at the European Championships at the age of 35 .
The leader of Plaid Cymru has called on Theresa May to take some responsibility for the UK 's " too soft " stance on extremism .
Samsung has asked owners of its Galaxy Note 7 phablet phones to return them to the company after a second batch of devices caught fire .
Teenage British racing driver Billy Jones was seriously injured in a car crash last year .
The 12 Years a Slave has won the top prize at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards for best film .
In Ravenscraig , on the outskirts of Port Talbot , there is still a buzz about the place .
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of stealing a sheep painted on a street in Wrexham .
Workers in Wales could save more than £ 1.5 m a year by using healthier transport , a charity has claimed .
Cambridge United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history with a battling goalless draw against Manchester United .
A " photobomb " bird has been captured on camera at a railway station in Wales .
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall beat Swindon at the County Ground to move up to third in League One .
The UK 's construction sector may have avoided recession , according to the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) .
These are some of the new species of wildlife discovered in South East Asia in the past year .
Plans to transform a 19th Century building in Ceredigion into a centre of culture and creativity have been given a £ 1 m boost .
Two stolen iPhones belonging to One Direction fans have been found after being tracked down by police using a smartphone tracking app .
A dedicated unit to tackle online hate crime has been launched by the mayor of London .
A teacher has been charged with making a hoax bomb threat to a school where a teenager was a pupil .
Lin - Manuel Miranda has made her West End debut as Miss Hannigan , the owner of an orphanage , in the hit musical Annie .
The PSNI has said it is " appalled " by attacks on police officers in County Down .
Five men have been charged in connection with a series of raids in Oxford .
Hollywood star George Clooney has been given the go - ahead to install CCTV cameras at his Oxfordshire home .
The BBC should make a spin - off series of The Apprentice to showcase the success of previous winners , the show 's host Lord Sugar has said .
Former Tour de France and Giro d'Italia winner David Millar has returned to British Cycling on a voluntary basis after serving a two - year doping ban .
The owners of a private hospital at the centre of the " shocking " abuse scandal at a unit for people with learning disabilities failed to provide " humane and effective care " , a report says .
A woman has found the final piece of treasure in an art exhibition in which five gold artefacts were hidden around a city .
A man has been rescued from a submerged car after a police chase which ended with a car plunging into a reservoir .
Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell carded a three - over - par 73 on the second day of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth to slip down the leaderboard .
French comedian Dieudonne , who was detained on Tuesday after posting on Facebook that he was " feeling like Charlie Coulibaly " in the wake of the Paris attacks , has been released .
Portadown have been given a one - match ban and a 12-point deduction from the Premiership after Ards were awarded a win in their game on Saturday because of an ineligible player .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to reach the Australian Open semi - finals .
Eleven new languages are to be added to the BBC World Service as part of plans to invest £ 289 m in the service over the next five years .
A patch that can be stitched on to the heart after a heart attack may help prevent long - term damage , say scientists .
A 13-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls in a playground .
A £ 4 m memorial to honour police officers who have died on duty has been given the go - ahead by the government .
A man has appeared in court in connection with a fire on a Peterhead fishing boat .
Chris and Gabby Adcock are aiming to become the first British badminton team to win a world title at the World Championships in Glasgow since 2009 .
Tom Rogic 's extra - time winner gave Celtic a treble as they beat Aberdeen in a thrilling Scottish Cup final at Hampden .
Juventus moved a step closer to the Serie A title and Champions League treble with a comfortable win over Crotone .
Albania qualified for Euro 2016 for the first time with a comfortable 3 - 0 win over Armenia in Armenia .
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali .
Amazon has launched its Prime Video streaming service in the UK , offering traditional television channels for the first time .
A flag flown by Admiral Lord Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar has been discovered in a cupboard at a Pembrokeshire castle .
Scientists are hoping to create a mead which could prevent food poisoning and help prevent the morning after kebabs .
A human skull has been found in the ground in County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland .
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a woman who went missing after leaving a Swindon nightclub .
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbikes title with victory in the final race of the season in Valencia .
For some MPs , making laws is a dream come true .
Families from Lancashire are being prevented from visiting a World War Two cemetery in France because of a dispute over who owns the land .
South Africa thrashed England by an innings and 92 runs on the final day of the fourth Test to seal a series whitewash .
The mother of a teenage girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook Live has said she is afraid to return to the Chicago neighbourhood where she was attacked .
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a charity dinner in Edinburgh later this month .
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock , despite the red card shown to defender Andrea Pascali in the first half .
There were so many people in the stadium on Sunday night .
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has denied telling the son of Jean McConville , who was murdered by the IRA , that he hoped he would be " ready for a backlash " if he named her killers .
Wales wing George North says he is not worried about not scoring enough tries as he prepares for the World Cup .
An anaesthetist has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive at the hospital where a mother died after giving birth to her second son .
A man accused of trying to buy ricin on the dark net was inspired by the TV series Breaking Bad , a court has heard .
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra scored a century to help his side draw with Hampshire at Southampton .
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one - day international in Johannesburg to level the three - match series at 1 - 1 .
If you want to be a sports star , you have to have substance over style .
Friends and family of Adam Lanza , the 19-year - old who killed 20 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , and then killed himself , have described him as a shy and nervous teenager .
A man has been taken to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry .
NHS bosses in England are to cap the number of patients that can be offered new drugs that cost more than £ 20 m a year .
A man has been arrested in Australia after allegedly driving a stolen bulldozer into a house and flattening it , police say .
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the double points rule for next season .
Olympic cyclist Laura Trott has given birth to her first child .
A study is to be carried out to see if a proposed new bridge across the River Thames in Oxfordshire could help ease traffic congestion in Reading .
BHS is expected to sell its pension scheme to the Pension Protection Fund ( PPF ) as part of a deal to save the retailer from collapse .
One of the most extraordinary flowering plants in the world has produced its first flower in 12 years .
The sister of Oscar Pistorius has said she feels " heartache " for both her brother and his family ahead of his sentencing in South Africa .
A Northern Ireland delegation has arrived in Colombia for talks with representatives of the Colombian government and Farc rebels .
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college under a former principal who was accused of mismanaging its finances .
A mother and her two - year - old daughter have been reported missing in Cardiff .
Delays have been reported at the new Elephant and Castle roundabout in central London after a £ 25 m revamp .
For years it has been " Land Rover Land " - a name synonymous with luxury and status .
Wales are " more than capable " of qualifying for Euro 2016 without Gareth Bale , says captain Chris Gunter .
Senga won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Ascot as favourite Shutter Speed was beaten into second by Tivoli .
Wales ' first wave and tidal energy demonstration zones have been approved by the Crown Estate .
Nine former workers at the former Ilex development company in Londonderry are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive .
BBC Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has led tributes to Sir Terry Wogan , calling him " one of the greatest broadcasters of our age " .
A chef at a curry house in Dorset was stopped by the Border Agency as he walked home from work with his apron flapping in the wind .
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is " very , very confident " his players will remain at the club next season despite speculation linking them with moves away .
London Underground ( LU ) drivers have voted to accept a pay deal which will see them get an above - inflation pay rise and more control over their work - life balance .
Newport County boss Graham Westley 's criticism of the state of the Rodney Parade pitch has been criticised by the club 's chairman Gareth Davies .
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won an appeal against his disqualification from the presidential election , his lawyer says .
A new search and rescue helicopter team based in south Wales has completed its first mission .
A hotline has been established between Pakistan and Afghanistan to try to curb the spread of the Afghan Taliban insurgency .
Two men have been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a bus in Fife .
A former ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl while he was on duty .
A Labour MP has resigned as a backbench assistant to the shadow chancellor after posting an anti - Semitic image on Facebook .
Derbyshire director of cricket Dougie Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast Finals Day despite missing out on a place in next year 's competition .
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who will receive a basic income of € 560 ( £ 490 ; $ 600 ) a month for the next two years .
More than 50 Scots will be competing at the Olympics in Rio this summer , the highest number since London 2012 .
At the start of the " Day of Rage " in central Cairo , hundreds of people gathered in front of a mosque to demand the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak .
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a back injury .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a " bright future " as a manager after the former England captain confirmed his return to Anfield .
Photographs by David Jenkinson , who has been diagnosed with cancer and prostate cancer , are among the most striking images of the year .
A man has died after being found with serious head injuries at an industrial unit in Nottingham .
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London , Labour 's first elected mayor in the UK , as the party continued to struggle in local elections .
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to tear away its own skin when attacked .
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife , actress Amber Heard , have filed for divorce , US media report .
North Wales should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to " work better " with the " Northern Powerhouse " region , the head of Greater Manchester has said .
Markets in China fell sharply on Wednesday after a closely watched survey indicated that the country 's manufacturing sector continued to shrink in September .
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at two sites in north - east Liverpool .
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the standard of coaching in Scotland after being accused of " downgrading " the standard in Poland .
Police are searching for a father and his two children who have gone missing from their home .
An 18-year - old man has appeared in court charged with preparing acts of terrorism .
A bus has crashed into a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water in North Lanarkshire .
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill .
Arsenal Ladies booked their place in the Women 's FA Cup final with a comfortable win over Birmingham City at Emirates Stadium .
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains in the US city of Oakland , California .
The United Nations has warned that US President Donald Trump 's proposed budget cuts would make it " impossible " for the organisation to continue its work .
Former I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here !   star Christopher Biggins has been removed from the Celebrity Big Brother house after making " a number of comments capable of causing great offence " , the show has said .
Actor Tony Valentine , best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles , has died at the age of 83 .
Fabio Bonatini scored the only goal of the game as Wolves began their Championship campaign with victory over Middlesbrough .
Malaysian police say they believe Islamic State ( IS ) militants were involved in an attack on a restaurant in which four people were killed .
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry at a roundabout in east London .
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama 's signature healthcare law in a landmark ruling that could affect millions of Americans .
Campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport in preparation for the Nato summit in the city .
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after his record - equalling Masters win at Alexandra Palace .
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer cases in Scotland may be even greater than previously thought , according to new research .
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn credu fod y drefn o gategoreiddio yn helpu i ddod o hyd i'r ysgolion sydd angen dangos mwyaf o gynnydd ,
It has been a great experience for me to be involved with Melbourne City and winning the Australian Women 's Grand Final is another career highlight .
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital , Kabul , by Afghan pop star Gulbuddin Sayeed , despite death threats .
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday 's match against Real Madrid after suffering a foot injury .
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving professional help to manage his medications and a sleep disorder .
The Scottish SPCA has rescued a fox cub that was mistaken for a puppy at a veterinary surgery in Aberdeen .
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended amid allegations of gross misconduct .
Cardiff Blues reached the Pro12 semi - finals with a hard - fought win over Newport Gwent Dragons .
A man living in a horse - drawn car has been refused service at a McDonald 's drive - thru in Derbyshire .
An Australian woman accused of child sex abuse in Israel has been ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment in a bid to be extradited to face charges .
Former environment secretary Lord Rooker has called on the government to reintroduce flood forests to parts of the UK 's upland countryside .
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing in Aberdeenshire have said the search for him has been " difficult and challenging " .
A ticket holder in the UK has won the top Euromillions jackpot for the second time this year , with a £ 24.6 m prize on offer .
An Indian police officer 's statement that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has gone viral on social media .
Israel 's defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing Islamic State ( IS ) militants to smuggle oil into the country in exchange for cash .
Asian shares headed lower on Wednesday as investors digested disappointing US economic data and corporate results .
India 's decision to scrap high - denomination currency notes - 500 and 1,000 rupee notes - is likely to have a limited impact on the economy , say economists .
The US state department has urged Pakistan to take action against militants who have attacked an Indian air force base in Punjab state .
Laura Muir 's British indoor 5,000 m record - breaking time is expected to be ratified , British Athletics has confirmed .
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found with serious injuries in a street in Dublin .
The government is in talks with head teachers and academy chains about taking over schools in Birmingham where there are concerns about extremism , the BBC understands .
Five people have pleaded guilty to fraudulently winning a council by - election .
Police have made a fresh appeal for information about a 23-year - old man who has been missing for a week .
The convener of the Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resigning over a dispute over common grazings on Lewis .
Spain 's Socialist leader has lost a parliamentary vote of confidence in his bid to form a government , leaving the country in political limbo .
Scientists at the University of Glasgow say they have found a way to predict how long we will live .
Two women have died following a two - car crash in the Borders .
Thousands of customers of Nintendo 's new Switch games console have reported seeing dead pixels on the screen .
Zanzibar is the largest producer of octopus in the western Indian Ocean , according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation ( UNFAO ) , and its catch has more than doubled in the past 20 years .
Three police forces in Wales have been told they need to do more to tackle domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation .
Anglo American shares have fallen 12.3 % after the mining giant announced plans to cut thousands of jobs as part of a major restructuring .
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead at a house .
Nato and Russia have expressed " profound and persistent differences " over the Ukraine conflict after their first meeting since 2014 .
Tom DeLonge has denied he has quit Blink 182 .
Seonaid McIntosh has become the third member of the McIntosh sisters to win gold at the European Shooting Championships as Great Britain won team gold .
Ireland lost their second one - day international against Afghanistan by eight wickets as the Afghans won the Intercontinental Cup series 3 - 0 .
Taoiseach ( Irish Prime Minister ) Enda Kenny is due to meet David Cameron in London later to discuss the UK 's EU membership .
Two councils which were badly damaged in fires which destroyed their offices are to re - open on Monday .
Gary Lineker says Claudio Ranieri 's sacking as Leicester City manager was a " wrong decision " for the Premier League champions .
A US appeals court has ruled that former JP Morgan Chase boss Hank Greenberg can stand trial on charges of fraud and money laundering .
Scientists at the University of York have described how cancer cells break free from their " tent " structure to spread .
The Russian Orthodox Church has rejected a claim by the chief prosecutor of Crimea that a bronze bust of the murdered tsar , Nicholas II , contained holy myrrh .
David Cameron has backed plans by a Kent grammar school to open a satellite campus in a town that does not have grammar schools .
Falkirk 's pension fund is to contribute £ 30 m to help fund the building of new social housing .
A coroner has said she is " very sorry " that opportunities were missed to save the life of an eight - week - old baby from Swansea who died after a heart operation .
The birth of Dolly the sheep in 1997 raised hopes and fears .
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co - host Strictly Come Dancing 's Children In Need special , the BBC has announced .
The Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru will launch their party manifestos for the general election on Thursday , with Labour promising " fair funding and a guaranteed funding floor " .
Japanese camera firm Olympus has pleaded guilty in a court in Tokyo to falsifying its accounts , in a case that could see one of its executives jailed for five years .
The closure of the Forensic Science Service ( FSS ) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK , a parliamentary inquiry has been told .
A World War Two veteran from Carmarthenshire has been awarded France 's highest military honour after his family contacted the UK government to get it for him .
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral on social media in Japan .
The UK 's service sector grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in February , according to a closely watched survey .
England captain Alastair Cook " changed the whole series " in India , according to Australia captain Michael Clarke .
Ticket sales for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out within 24 hours .
Leon Goretzka scored twice as Germany reached the Confederations Cup final with a comfortable semi - final win over Mexico .
Welsh cyclist Becky James faces a battle to be fit for the Rio Olympics , says her coach Shane Sutton .
Austria striker Radja Harnik has been ruled out of Saturday 's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia because of a hamstring injury .
A new hospital trust run by the NHS in Staffordshire has been told it must improve the safety and quality of its services .
The teenager who developed the news - summarisation app Summly , which was bought by Yahoo last year , is considering his future .
The Ulster Farmers ' Union ( UFU ) has welcomed Asda 's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland .
A Conservative government would double the amount of free childcare for three and four - year - olds in England , David Cameron has said as he launched his party 's childcare plans .
A drink - driver who was found by a member of the public " lying in the road , under the influence " with his trousers down has been given an unpaid work order .
Andy Murray 's wife Kim Sears is pregnant , BBC Scotland has learned .
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says flanker Oliver Griffiths could be in line for a place in Wales ' Six Nations squad .
A scheme to provide affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions , according to a report .
The UK job market saw a " slight slowdown " in hiring in May , according to two recruitment agencies .
Swindon Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jake Cooper on loan until the end of the season .
A group of West Ham United supporters who called for a public inquiry into the government 's deal to rent the Olympic Stadium to the club have said they will continue their campaign .
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor went head - to - head in a foul - mouthed tussle at the second of four publicity events for their boxing bout .
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new two - year deal with the Premier League club .
Samantha Gerst is the latest member of the International Space Station .
Harry Shearer has pulled out of the new series of The Simpsons , according to the show 's producers .
When Jean - Claude Godin was a teenager , his father was killed in a car crash .
The parents of a rugby player who died after a clash with an opponent have called for better treatment for head injuries .
Mike Huckabee , the former governor of Arkansas and Republican presidential candidate in 2012 , has announced he is running for the White House in 2016 .
Thousands of Sports Direct workers have staged a protest against the retailer 's use of zero - hour contracts .
A 19-year - old woman has died following a two - vehicle crash in Belfast .
Kirsty Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi - finals with victory over Brondby in the first leg of their quarter - final .
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with the character shown by his side as they came from 16 - 9 down at half - time to beat Japan in Tokyo .
Boris Johnson has said he will not be seeking re - election as prime minister .
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38 % in the past year , the NSPCC has said .
Thirteen members of an organised crime gang have been jailed after drugs with a street value of up to £ 4.5 m were seized in south Wales .
A leading opposition figure in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called on the government to cancel a referendum on constitutional reform .
The former finance minister who resigned from the Stormont Executive in October 2015 has been named as Jonathan Bell .
Manchester United have agreed to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven .
Championship side Bristol City have signed Preston North End midfielder Josh Brownhill on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts ( Isas ) opened in the last financial year has fallen to its lowest level in a decade .
Hibernian have signed Danny Swanson from St Johnstone on a two - year deal .
For the first time in more than a decade , Scottish football clubs are free of long - term bank debt .
Danny Hylton 's header earned Luton a draw against Exeter at Kenilworth Road as the Hatters missed the chance to go top of League Two .
Iraqi forces have broken the siege of the town of Amerli in northern Iraq , military sources have told the BBC .
A number of attacks have taken place in Brussels , the capital of Belgium .
The number of dog attacks in Wales has increased in 2016 , with North Wales Police reporting an increase of more than 50 % compared to the previous year .
The leader of the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) is due to meet the prime minister in London later to discuss a possible deal with the Conservatives .
England will struggle with the bat against spin in the first one - day international against India , says former wicketkeeper Graeme Swann .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 index of leading UK shares closed lower , with banking stocks leading the way as investors remained cautious ahead of the UK general election .
Ivory Coast expect Wilfried Zaha 's request to play for them over England to be approved by Fifa , says the Ivorian FA .
Police are investigating after a human foot was found in Bristol .
A row has broken out over the future of a 2,000-year - old boulder which is said to roll back up a hill after being hit by a car .
All photographs courtesy of Gareth Iwan Jones .
Cornish Pirates boss Gareth Davies says his side 's " ill - discipline came back to haunt them " as they lost to Exeter in the Premiership play - off final .
The Forth Road Bridge should be operational and open to all traffic on completion of urgent repair work by the end of the year , the transport secretary has said .
The government has been accused of " misleading " fire service staff in England in a dispute over the pension age .
Services to mark the 20th anniversary of the first women priests being ordained in Wales will be held at five cathedrals .
An array of radio telescopes in the US which was forced to close because of budget cuts has been saved by a fund - raising campaign .
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the world 's largest and most powerful countries .
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital Mogadishu , officials say .
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to be given an update on progress on plans for a new emergency services centre in the town .
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's " gaffe " about Bangladesh 's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , who is a woman , has sparked a social media storm .
The brother of a British man whose body was found on a beach in Thailand has said his family are " heartbroken " by the death of their brother .
Portadown will hope to maintain their slim hopes of avoiding Premiership relegation when they host Ballinamallard United on Saturday .
Parts of north Wales are being warned to prepare for flooding as heavy rain is forecast for the weekend .
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic as part of plans to make the city centre more pedestrian - friendly .
Zombie apocalypse , a state of emergency on a high - speed train and a love triangle between an estranged father and his estranged daughter .
A new set of bells has been rung out at St Peter 's Church in Norwich .
Surbiton striker Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against some of the world 's best hockey players when Scotland face India in London on Saturday .
A US soldier has been killed in an attack by so - called Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Syria , the Pentagon says .
Nancie Atwell , a teacher in the US state of Maine , has been named as the winner of a $ 10 m ( £ 6.5 m ) international teaching prize .
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said that the rocket that exploded in Florida last week was the most difficult and complex failure the company has ever had .
A 40-year - old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim .
Sister Nirmala Devi , the nun who succeeded Mother Teresa as the head of a Catholic charity in the Indian state of West Bengal , has died at the age of 90 .
A Co - op supermarket sign has been painted over with the word " co - op " written in the wrong place .
Thousands of unpaid carers would receive an extra £ 10 a week under a Labour government , the party 's leader is to say .
David Haye and Tony Bellew have clashed in the build - up to their heavyweight bout at the O2 Arena on Saturday .
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall in the latest in a series of thefts in Bristol .
Force India have confirmed that Mexican driver Sergio Perez will remain with the team for 2017 .
A university has apologised after producing a poster mocking Jennifer Lawrence in the wake of her iCloud photos being leaked .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has begun a visit to Italy and France as he seeks to boost economic ties with both countries .
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean - Pierre Bemba has been found guilty by the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) of war crimes .
A Japanese father who left his six - year - old son for six days as a punishment for throwing stones at people and cars has said his son has forgiven him .
Singer - songwriter Barbra Streisand has revealed that Apple has agreed to change the pronunciation of her name on its Siri virtual assistant .
More than half a tonne of toxic material would have been inhaled in Scotland if the smoking ban had not been introduced , according to new research .
Kurdish fighters in Germany have carried the body of a German woman who was killed fighting Islamic State ( IS ) militants in Syria .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man who has been missing for more than 20 years .
Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have developed tests that can predict the progression of blood cancers .
David Tennant has revealed that he almost wrote a line about the Daily Mail 's " Legs - it " headline for a new play in London .
Leaving the European Union would cost the average UK household £ 850 a year in the short term , according to a think tank .
General Motors ( GM ) is investing $ 1.5bn ( Â£1.2bn ) in a new plant in Ontario , Canada , which will create 1,000 jobs .
US rapper Kanye West has revealed he wants to work with Ikea to create furniture for students at universities .
A motorcyclist who died after a crash on the Isle of Man has been named by police as David Baker .
Nottinghamshire batsman Sean Mullaney hit an unbeaten century to help his side post a big first - innings total against Surrey at The Oval .
A three - year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Barry .
A Pilates class has been held in the Isle of Man to mark the 100th anniversary of the work of a World War Two internment camp worker .
A Chinese telecoms giant has pleaded guilty to charges that it broke US export laws and lied to investigators .
Pope Francis has condemned the " complicit silence " of the world in the face of persecution of Christians , as he marked Good Friday in Rome .
A 26-year - old man is being sought by police after a football match was abandoned following reports a player was stabbed .
A pair of ex - prisoners who used to run a print shop in a Leeds prison are helping ex - offenders find work .
Children who read often at the age of 10 are more likely to do well in maths , spelling and vocabulary , research suggests .
( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added 211,000 jobs in April , in line with expectations .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim that he saw a video of a plane carrying $ 400 m ( £ 300 m ) in cash being flown to Iran by the Obama administration .
A Canadian kidnapped by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been beheaded , Philippine officials say .
A man whose Facebook account was shut down for using an " offensive " name has said he is " very grateful " for the support he has received after it went viral .
Ed Miliband has told a Labour rally in Glasgow that a post - election deal with the SNP would be " not going to happen " .
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd could be used as a test site for a new type of nuclear reactor .
A police force has posted a poster on its Facebook page urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish children .
Scottish teacher Hannah Inglis has opened her eye for the first time since she was seriously injured in an accident in Vietnam .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a woman who was found unconscious in a sex workers ' area in Leeds .
An Indian couple who claimed to be the first Indian couple to climb Mount Everest have been arrested for " misleading " police .
The deal to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point in Somerset has been signed by the French state - owned energy giant EDF and Chinese firm CGN .
When it comes to derby matches , there are few players who can claim to have scored more goals in the Nottingham Forest and Derby County derbies .
There is a " serious democratic deficit " in local elections in England , the Electoral Commission has warned , after the lowest turnout in recent elections .
A coroner has said there was a " gross systemic failure " in the care provided to a man who killed himself at a hospital in County Antrim .
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a Lord of the Dance performance by choreographer Katie Flatley .
A police helicopter pilot who filmed people having sex and sunbathing nude has been jailed for four years .
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan to help the US - led coalition fighting the Taliban .
Great Britain 's Katie Page won Olympic silver in the women 's trampoline with a score of 56.425 .
The mother of a man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years without his family 's consent has said it is " horrendous " they have been " left half of him " .
A man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men who broke into his home in Londonderry .
North Ferriby 's poor run of form continued as they were beaten 2 - 1 by Bromley in the National League .
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year - old goalkeeper Ben Davies on a two - year deal .
Katie O'Donovan has become the first person in the world to win a marathon with no medical intervention .
Munster are being investigated by European Cup organisers after Conor Murray was allowed to play on against Glasgow on Saturday .
Dundee ended a run of three straight Premiership defeats by thrashing Motherwell at Fir Park .
Two hens have hatched chicks next to an animatronic boar at a museum in Somerset .
China 's state - run newspapers have gone on the offensive in the wake of a UN tribunal 's ruling that ruled in favour of the Philippines in the South China Sea .
The beach where Seifeddine Rezgui stood on Friday , pulled a Kalashnikov from his parasol and unleashed a deadly attack on a Tunisian resort , is deserted .
The US Army has begun work on the final section of the Dakota Access oil pipeline , days after President Donald Trump gave the project the go - ahead .
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Burnley boss Sean Dyche is one of his top three Premier League managers of the season .
The culture secretary has been accused of threatening the editor of one of the UK 's biggest newspapers with " threats " over a story about the expenses claims of a Conservative MP .
The roll - out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in Northern Ireland has been delayed for a second time .
Smacking should be made illegal in Scotland and the UK , according to a new report .
A British tourist who was jailed in Malaysia for stripping off at the top of a mountain has left the country .
The map of the Middle East drawn by the British and French colonialists Sykes - Picot in 1916 is in tatters .
A Bangladeshi man who spent 15 years in prison in Pakistan after illegally crossing the border from India has been reunited with his family .
The parents of a woman who was murdered by her ex - boyfriend have told of the moment they found out she had been killed .
Two police forces failed to spot a man driving the wrong way on the motorway before he crashed and killed two people , an inquest has heard .
The Church in Wales has accused Cyngor Gwynedd council of " intentionally destabilising " its partnership with the diocese of St Asaph over plans for a new community school campus .
A man has been arrested by police investigating the death of a 70-year - old woman who was hit by a car in County Down .
A scheme to encourage businesses in Snowdonia to give back to the community by asking visitors to help pay for their stay has proved a success .
A woman who had a section of her ovary removed as part of cancer treatment has become the first person in Scotland to give birth to a baby using frozen ovarian tissue .
Leicester City 's players would " love " to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager for the long term , says caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare .
An appeal to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has raised more than £ 100,000 in 24 hours .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new Jewish exhibition at the former Auschwitz death camp in Poland 's capital Warsaw .
Two North Lanarkshire Police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car while on duty .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he wants to stop Mexicans living in the US illegally sending money home to pay for his proposed border wall .
Businesses in Perth have launched a campaign to " reinvigorate " the city centre in a bid to boost the local economy .
Indonesia 's main opposition PDI - P party appears to have done better than expected in parliamentary elections , but it is unclear if it will be able to win enough votes to enter the presidential election .
Fifa vice - president Jeffrey Webb has ruled himself out of the running to succeed Sepp Blatter as Fifa president .
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far - right neo - Nazi cell that carried out a string of murders has begun in Munich .
Police in South Africa have arrested two men in connection with the murder of a popular rapper in the city of Soweto .
Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as Wigan came from behind to draw with Colchester in League One .
A second - half try from Australia international Kurtley Beale helped Wasps to a comfortable Premiership win over Bath .
Millwall missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Colchester .
A man has been refused bail after he told a court his dog chewed at an ankle tag to get him to go for a morning walk .
Lindsey Vonn has become the most successful female skier of all time after winning her first World Cup race since November .
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have pledged to make Prime Minister 's Questions a " genuine exercise in asking questions and answering questions " as they clashed in the Commons .
Former Yorkshire and England fast bowler John Appleyard has died at the age of 83 .
The opening of a new £ 1.1bn bridge over the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017 , the Scottish government has confirmed .
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a change in the rules of Scottish football .
As a child growing up in Orkney in the 1980s , I remember walking around my township in the early hours of the morning .
White teenagers at English schools now have the lowest application rate of any ethnic group for university places , according to the admissions service Ucas .
A man accused of murdering a police officer and dismembering his body has told a court he had no intention of harming the officer .
Clive Sarstedt , the British singer - songwriter who wrote Where Do You Go To ( My Lovely ) , which became one of the most successful songs of all time , has died at the age of 83 .
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , who is serving a 12-year prison sentence for tax fraud , has been offered community service .
A fundraising event in memory of two teenagers who were injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers has been announced .
Durham were bowled out for just 156 on day one as Yorkshire dominated at Scarborough .
A 25-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man in South Africa 's Western Cape province in a " love triangle " , police say .
Argentina 's new president - elect , Mauricio Macri , has made his first public appearance since winning Sunday 's presidential election .
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug Roaccutane , which has been linked to suicidal thoughts and depression , has risen sharply , figures show .
A group of MPs and MEPs has called on the government to introduce a five - year freeze on unskilled workers ' visas and a cap on the number of agricultural workers after Brexit .
The number of babies born with a cleft palate in the UK is too often missed at birth , according to new figures .
The England and Wales Cricket Board will take " appropriate steps " to ensure the safety of players and staff during England 's tour of Bangladesh in October .
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have criticised an NHS trust 's report into her death .
Michael Matthews won stage 10 of the Tour de France as Chris Froome retained the leader 's yellow jersey .
A floating artwork depicting the moon has been unveiled at the University of Bristol .
UK scientists have developed a new type of cement that is much better at protecting nuclear waste from the environment .
Two rival street gangs in Honduras have announced a truce in a bid to end their long - running turf war .
The Prince of Wales has led a march of the Royal Welsh in Conwy to mark the 150th anniversary of the first Royal goat .
A takeaway delivery driver was hit with a golf club and robbed in an attack in West Lothian .
The amount of money spent on private ambulances to respond to 999 calls in England has more than doubled in the past five years , figures show .
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he will " fully co - operate " with a US investigation into alleged fraud at the state investment fund 1MDB .
A cyber - attack on an electricity substation outside the Ukrainian capital , Kiev , that left more than 100,000 people without power last month has been linked to a similar blackout in 2015 .
Theresa May is attempting to change the voting habits of a lifetime in the North - East of England by appealing to traditional Labour supporters to " lend her their vote " in the general election , but few in Consett can remember the last time she was in power .
Former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast international Cheick Tiote was " like a brother " , according to former team - mate Adama Cisse at his funeral in China .
Kintyre in Argyll and Bute could become the UK 's first operational spaceport .
Rule the World , the first novice to win the Grand National , has been retired .
The chancellor has announced an extra £ 1bn for social care services for the elderly in England .
The owners of Blackpool Football Club have been ordered to pay damages to a fan who criticised them on social media .
Defence is one of the most important issues in British politics .
Colombia 's Carlos Martinez has won Olympic gold in the men 's flyweight final after beating Uzbekistan 's Islam Dusmatov .
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has " no doubts " about his side 's patriotism after Wales forward Gareth Bale accused them of lacking it .
Ceredigion could host the National Eisteddfod for the first time in 2021 .
More than half of new mothers in Wales do not breastfeed their newborns , according to a survey .
A senior UK government minister has said he does not expect an agreement on the fiscal framework for new tax powers to be reached before 19 February .
The BBC 's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson 's contract as host of Top Gear has prompted a range of reactions on social media across the world .
The US was warned of a possible plot to smuggle explosives into the cabin of a US - bound airliner by a tip - off from an informant , US media report .
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a 92-year - old Ukrainian man who was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two .
Four popular internet of things ( IoT ) devices have been found to be vulnerable to hacking by security researchers .
Cuba 's President , Raul Castro , has told the National Assembly to approve sweeping economic reforms that he says will transform the country .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al - Abadi has declared victory over so - called Islamic State in Mosul .
Police officers in Powys are to start wearing body - worn cameras for the first time .
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has told MPs he was " shocked and dismayed " by the scale of pay - offs given to senior executives , including a £ 1 m severance package given to his successor .
Three schools at the centre of the so - called " Trojan Horse " scandal have been told by the education minister they face losing their funding .
Rescuers in Italy are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday 's earthquake in central Italy , with hundreds of aftershocks continuing to disrupt the search .
Tributes have been paid to a mother - of - two who was found dead at a house in Essex .
George Cole , who has died at the age of 91 , was a veteran of more than 30 films and TV roles , including Bikini Babe , The Great St Trinian 's Train Robbery and The Vampire Lovers .
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of backing a " UKIP - style version of Brexit " which will damage the NHS .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US bugged her mobile phone are " grave " and has called for an investigation .
Police are hunting a gang of men who have been impersonating police officers in Edinburgh city centre in an attempt to steal money from tourists .
A five - year - old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has become the first person in Wales to donate blood to the Welsh Blood Service .
Six offshore workers who were exposed to low levels of radiation while working on a North Sea platform are facing cancer fears , it has emerged .
Typhoon Hagupit has made its fourth landfall south of the Philippine capital , Manila , as it continues to batter the country .
Voters lost faith in " established political figures as opinion - leaders " in the run - up to the EU referendum , according to a new report .
Macedonia 's President Gjorge Ivanov has dissolved the country 's top prosecutor 's office in a row over allegations of corruption .
Lord Strathclyde , the Conservative leader of the House of Lords , is to stand down after 14 years in the role .
Police are continuing to search for a man who went missing while out running in Powys .
A student at the University of Nairobi has described how she was locked in a wardrobe for three days by gunmen during an attack by al - Shabab militants .
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League ( BBL ) after comments he made during a live television interview .
The European Commission has defended a plan to allow the UK to limit the amount of tax credits paid to new EU migrants for up to four years as " fair " and " fair " .
Ben Eden scored four tries as Castleford thrashed Leigh Centurions to move level on points with Super League leaders Hull FC .
England Under-20 World Cup winner Lauren Mead is hoping to follow in the footsteps of some of the country 's top female footballers .
Shares in two Hong Kong - based financial firms have fallen sharply in the wake of a sell - off in Chinese shares .
A drug company run by the man dubbed the " most hated man in America " for increasing the price of a drug by 5,000 % has said it will not lower the price .
Two off - duty police officers have been praised for their actions after a woman was injured during a theft in County Londonderry .
The UK has more universities in the top 200 of the Times Higher Education World University Rankings than any other country .
Christian Benteke has joined Crystal Palace on a season - long loan from Liverpool .
The Duke of Cambridge has completed his final search and rescue shift at RAF Valley on Anglesey .
Asian shares were mixed on Monday , with Japan 's Nikkei closing flat after the country 's economic growth figures came in better than expected .
Boris Johnson , the mayor of London , was talking to BBC Radio 4 's Today programme on Thursday , when he said that the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three .
Asian shares were mixed on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve 's interest rate decision next week .
The family of a woman killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are " completely broken and devastated " by her death .
Birmingham 's Ahmed Yafai retained his WBC International super - bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Japan 's Kazuyoshi Muranaka .
Tributes have been paid to three members of one family killed in the Tunisia terror attack .
Wales coach Warren Gatland will not replace Stuart Lancaster as England head coach , according to former Lions captain Gareth Thomas .
Finding Dory has held on to the number one spot in the UK box office for a second week , with Mila Kunis topping the chart .
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Pablo Carreno Busta to reach the French Open third round and set up a meeting with world number one Novak Djokovic .
In a small room in the centre of the Turkish town of Suruc , a group of women sit in silence .
A seven - day NHS is a " good aspiration " but it is likely to cost too much , a leading health expert has said .
Nikki has been talking to Newsround about how she stays safe online .
Dundee United moved up to third in the Championship with a comfortable win over Queen of the South .
Yorkshire say they are interested in hosting a day - night Test match at Headingley .
Australia is set to become the first country to export live cattle to China , the country 's agriculture minister has announced .
A paralysed man who was evicted from a mental health hospital after refusing to leave has been given a new home .
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam singles tennis title while pregnant .
A teenager has died after falling from a statue in Devon .
As I stood on the pitch at the Parc des Princes in Paris at the start of last month 's Champions League final , I was overcome with emotion .
The death of David Cameron 's son Ivan prepared his wife for becoming prime minister , she has said .
A magnitude 5.8 earthquake has struck the north - western Chinese province of Gansu , killing at least 11 people and injuring more than 100 , officials say .
Vauxhall is investigating whether a problem with one of its Zafira models is to blame for a series of fires in the UK .
West Brom manager Tony Pulis has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday 's FA Cup semi - final against Arsenal .
The first of hundreds of homes being built for soldiers moving to a new base in Staffordshire have been unveiled .
A girl on the autism spectrum has written to a BBC journalist to ask if she could replace Big Ben 's chimes at the end of a radio programme .
A Saudi source has told the BBC that $ 681 m ( Â£400 m ) given to Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak ahead of last year 's general election was a donation from the Saudi royal family .
A ceremony has been held in Cumbria to mark the completion of the first of the Royal Navy 's new Astute class of submarines .
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has heard there was a " major discrepancy " in the accounts of two separate incidents in which a bus driver fainted .
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Premiership rivals Leeds Rhinos .
The revamped UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday with the top 16 players guaranteed a place in the last 16 .
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 as the hosts beat Warwickshire in the One - Day Cup at Trent Bridge .
Shrewsbury moved out of the League One relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Gillingham .
Lindsey Vonn equalled the record for the most World Cup super - G wins by a female Alpine skier with victory in Germany .
A ferry has capsized in the Firth of Forth .
Gusts of up to 80 mph ( 129 km/h ) were recorded in parts of Wales on Friday as high winds battered the country .
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named as one of the year 's most influential people by NME magazine .
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as one of the world 's top 50 most powerful women for the second year running .
A 40-year - old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of terrorist organisations .
A paedophile who was caught by a vigilante group after meeting an 11-year - old girl at a shopping centre has been jailed for 12 years .
In Pisky there was a rare moment of calm .
Hundreds of thousands of people have descended on the Chinese capital , Beijing , for the annual Winter Olympics .
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored a late winner as Wycombe extended their unbeaten League Two run to five games with victory over Exeter .
Wales internationals Sam Warburton , Dan Lydiate , Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have signed new national dual contracts .
Kieran Williams scored twice as Bristol Rovers beat Doncaster Rovers to reach the second round of the FA Cup .
Graeme McDowell missed the cut for the second year in a row as he shot a three - under - par 69 at the Swedish Open in Stockholm .
One in seven patients in Wales is waiting more than a year for surgery , according to surgeons ' leaders .
When Prof Shigeru Arai built a robot that could read and write , she thought she was doing well .
Watch this amazing time - lapse video of a huge storm that has hit the US city of New York .
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in the Indian Ocean has been called off after a robot failed to find any wreckage in the area where acoustic pings were detected , officials say .
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande for £ 32 m on a five - year deal .
Russia 's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise some forms of domestic violence , including smacking children .
Russia 's parliament is to consider two bills that would allow Russia to take over parts of a neighbouring state 's territory .
Gerry Anderson , the former BBC Radio Londonderry presenter , has been inducted into the PPI hall of fame .
A new collection of paintings and etchings has been created by an artist who travelled the Scottish coast in a boat .
Radiohead will headline the opening night of the TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow later .
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter , a police and crime commissioner has said .
Britain 's economy is in a dark and chilly waters .
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United on a short - term deal for the rest of the season .
The SDLP and Alliance Party have said they will be raising the issue of separated child disappearances at Stormont .
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex - girlfriend after a year of stalking and harassing her .
Cardiff Central railway station will be closed on Saturday for the Champions League final and other major events in the run - up to the event .
A man and woman have died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire .
An 11-year - old boy has become the youngest champion in the history of the US National Spelling Bee .
A new comedy - drama about a man 's battle with depression is to be made in Wales .
The US has imposed sanctions on 12 senior Venezuelan officials over President Nicolas Maduro 's plan to hold elections for a new assembly to rewrite the constitution .
Enid Blyton 's famous Famous Five characters are to be spoofed in a new series of adult versions of their holiday books .
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham 's hidden caves has been launched as part of a new festival .
A British man accused of arranging the murder of his wife in South Africa has returned to the UK after the case against him was dropped .
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union .
The US Federal Reserve 's decision to keep interest rates at a record low of 0.25 % is the latest sign that the US economy is on track for a rate rise .
The BBC has signed a new four - year deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship until 2017 .
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh .
The chair of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in Scotland has asked survivors of abuse to give evidence to it .
Ulster Unionist leadership candidate Mike Nesbitt has said he is " confident " he will not withdraw his remarks about transferring votes to the SDLP .
Two people have been killed and three others injured in a stabbing attack on a train in Germany .
A Londonderry man has been told to " go easy on the paella and cerveza " after he asked a judge to postpone his sentence so he could go on holiday .
A former Jersey senator sexually abused a boy at a care home in the 1960s , an inquiry has heard .
The inventor of Etch A Sketch , the iconic toy that became one of the most popular toys of the 20th century , has died at the age of 89 .
Hundreds of workers at the Michelin tyre factory in County Antrim are due to return to work later .
Burundi 's main opposition leader , Pierre Rwasa , has said his wife has been shot in the head in the capital Bujumbura .
Singer - songwriters Duran Duran are suing a fan club management company for unpaid fees .
Ben Affleck has won the top directing prize at the Directors Guild of America ( DGA ) Awards for his film Argo .
Motherwell have appointed Mark McGhee as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
A second man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Sunderland .
Raith Rovers have completed the signing of former Kilmarnock midfielder Callum Johnston .
The managers of some of the UK 's biggest artists have signed an open letter calling for a crackdown on secondary ticketing websites .
Strong winds have brought down trees and power cables across the Isle of Man and forced the cancellation of ferry services .
A man in his 20s has died following a two - car crash on the M1 in County Armagh .
Police in the Indian city of Kolkata have arrested three TalkTalk call centre workers on suspicion of breaching the company 's data security policies .
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament , in the country 's first general election since the 2003 US - led invasion .
Cologne is preparing to hold its annual carnival , a year after hundreds of women were sexually assaulted during New Year celebrations .
Norway 's Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russia 's Sergey Karjakin in a " match of the century " to win the World Chess Championship .
Venezuela 's Supreme Court 's decision to suspend the country 's controversial National Assembly has been condemned by Latin American countries .
The electoral watchdog has called for urgent action to stop people voting twice in the general election after claims on social media that some people had registered to vote twice .
The European Commission has blocked CK Hutchison 's proposed takeover of O2 from Telefonica .
Gibraltar is in talks with Scotland and the rest of the UK about how to deal with Brexit , the territory 's top minister has said .
Portuguese shares and bond prices fell on Monday as investors reacted to the prospect of a left - wing coalition government taking power .
An Indian teenager from a poor village in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh has become the country 's top scorer in the school exams .
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte is confident his players can recover from injury in time to face Cameroon in the Africa Cup of Nations .
Formula 1 in the 1970s was all about Lewis Hunt and Niki Lauda .
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been approved .
A new police horse has been named after a Scottish island .
It is an injection - but not as you know it .
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels " a lot lighter " after scoring his first goal of the season .
Sculptures of herdwick sheep have been installed in the Lake District to raise money for a charity .
In the early hours of Saturday morning , the residents of Vila Uniao , a poor neighbourhood in Rio de Janeiro , woke up to the news that their neighbourhood was under threat .
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India 's most colourful and controversial political leaders .
Dairy Crest is selling its loss - making UK dairies business in a bid to focus on its cheese and spreads business .
A man who stabbed his landlord to death with a microwave oven has been jailed for life .
A landslip on the A890 Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has closed the road between Ardnarff and Strathcarron in the Highlands .
The first British troops have arrived in Somalia as part of a UK military mission to support peacekeeping operations in Africa .
As the Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scandal continues to burn , one of the most surprising uses for one of its boilers has emerged .
Colombia 's Carolina Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women 's long jump with a season 's best jump of 15.17 m .
Parliament 's most senior law officer has said it is an " open question " whether statements made in Parliament in breach of court orders can be reported in the media .
The FTSE 100 index of leading UK shares has closed lower for the second day in a row , following a global sell - off in stock markets as worries over China 's slowing economy continue to rattle investors .
The Art of the Deal , Where 's Waldo and a mermaid puzzle are just some of the unusual gifts given to the leader of North Korea by Dennis Rodman .
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2 - 0 victory over England at Wembley in 1986 .
It is not the most famous British and Irish Lions film .
Defending champions Chris and Gabby Adcock have become the first pair to win the English Open doubles title five times .
Burkina Faso 's former President Blaise Sankara 's family has asked France to declassify military documents relating to his assassination , his lawyer has said .
US regulators have given the go - ahead for the takeover of agricultural giant Syngenta by ChemChina .
The Irish Football Association ( IFA ) has confirmed that 900 Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets for Euro 2016 will have access to a new online ticket portal .
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete at a Tesco store has been jailed for life .
A man who killed a three - year - old girl in a hit - and - run crash has been jailed .
The daughter of US actor Paul Walker , who died in a car crash in Los Angeles last year , has filed a lawsuit against Porsche over the car 's design .
Warwickshire batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of the Bears after 18 months in charge .
A schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban while campaigning for girls ' rights is to open a library in Birmingham .
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Ballymena restaurant owner in one of Northern Ireland 's most brutal murders .
A school in Lancashire is to open as normal on Monday after a " credible threat " was made on Facebook by a student planning an attack , police said .
A giant water slide has opened to the public in Northern Ireland .
Partick Thistle secured top spot in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell at Fir Park .
( Close ) : The FTSE 100 closed down 0.4 % at 6,943 .
Two pairs of bee - eaters have successfully bred in a quarry in West Yorkshire for the second year in a row .
