Portsmouth Supporters ' Trust ( PST ) chairman David Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the club .
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan , who is accused of killing a man in a car crash in 2002 .
Mobile phone network Three has become the first in the UK to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad .
As I stood on the pitch at the Parc des Princes in Paris at the start of last month 's Champions League final , I was overcome with emotion .
Emma Croker will start for England in Saturday 's Six Nations match against Ireland after being named in the starting line - up for the first time .
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man who was being beaten up .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of " censorship and discrimination " after the toy company refused to sell its bricks to him .
A fire has broken out at an 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway .
Kenneth Starr , the man who led the inquiry into Bill Clinton 's affair with a White House intern , has given his support to Hillary Clinton in her bid for the presidency .
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia .
Two directors of arts organisations on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant .
A Monet painting of a lily pond , known as the Nympheas , has sold at auction for £ 31.7 m .
Relatives of four Chinese men killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost an appeal against the UK government 's refusal to hold a public inquiry .
A cross - Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by Hovertravel .
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road .
A council has backed down over plans to close a public swimming pool in a bid to save money .
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia that have been shut by the government .
Colombia 's government and the Farc rebel group say they will ask the UN Security Council to set up a mechanism to oversee any ceasefire and disarmament .
Former Blackburn Rovers and Millwall striker Drax Campbell is playing for non - league Maidenhead United .
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last three months , figures show .
The body of a man has been found at a flat in Edinburgh .
Hospitals , care homes and nursing homes across the UK will be serving up a festive feast on Christmas Day .
Ten years ago I was reporting for the BBC ’s Ten O’Clock News on the launch of the iPhone in San Francisco .
US President Barack Obama has asked for $ 1.6bn ( Â£1.1bn ) in federal funds to help police departments across the country deal with racial discrimination .
Requiring schools to promote " fundamental British values " could have " unintended consequences " , a union has warned .
A woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in a flat in west Belfast .
Dame Judi Dench , best known for playing James Bond 's M in Skyfall and Mrs Brown , says she is struggling to cope with the loss of her eyesight .
Work has started on a Â£2.3 m project to transform a former market hall in Anglesey into a community centre .
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are " buzzing " as they prepare to confirm their status as Scottish Premiership champions on Sunday .
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum , in which at least 39 people were killed , officials say .
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana 's main airport , killing 10 people , officials say .
A boarding school in Hampshire has announced it is to close .
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in Devon .
Leicester Tigers ' Anglo - Welsh Cup semi - final win over Saracens can be the " catalyst " for the Premiership strugglers to challenge for a top - four finish , says forwards coach Shaun Murphy .
When it comes to food , Indian restaurants are no different from any other in the world .
MPs have expressed " grave misgivings " about a new criminal courts charge , saying it has created " perverse incentives " to plead guilty .
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right - back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for £ 50 m .
A gene defect linked to male infertility has been identified by scientists for the first time .
EastEnders fans will be celebrating the 30th anniversary of the death of Lucy Beale with a big party this weekend .
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Morgan has signed a new contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
Former Dundee United and Rangers midfielder Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Ibrox .
Plans have been submitted to turn two former Reading University buildings into flats .
A police force has posted a poster on its Facebook page urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish children .
Lifeguards will be on duty at a popular beach where five men drowned last year , a council has announced .
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK later this week .
An international symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled .
The US hunter who shot and killed a lion in Zimbabwe has been arrested for murder .
Friends of the Earth and War on Want are among those who have signed a petition calling on the European Union to stop trade talks with the US .
Alastair Cook hit a half - century for Essex on a rain - affected first day against Worcestershire at New Road .
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze , the RSPCA has said .
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking , according to reports .
Wales ' first minister has accused Theresa May of giving the impression the UK government does not listen to devolved administrations as Article 50 approaches .
A group of Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in Powys .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side prepared for the game they wanted to play against Manchester United and that his side were able to control the game .
A 19-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Celtic Park last month .
A police force has apologised after winning a sandcastle competition with an image of a woman with a " large bottom " and breasts .
A musical version of Adrian Mole , based on the best - selling children 's book by Sue Townsend , has opened in Leicester .
A three - week - old baby boy has been killed by a dog in Gateshead .
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of an acid attack on a journalist has been found on a jacket at the scene , a court has heard .
The entrance to the Natural History Museum in London 's Trafalgar Square is ajar .
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full - back Robbie Henshaw will miss the rest of the New Zealand tour because of injuries .
The prime minister has defended the government 's refusal to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK that their rights will be protected after Brexit .
US President Donald Trump 's plan to withhold federal funding from so - called sanctuary cities has been blocked by a judge in California .
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 as the hosts beat Warwickshire in the One - Day Cup at Trent Bridge .
A man who punched and headbutted worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months .
US carmaker Hyundai Motor has offered financial help to federal employees who have been affected by the government shutdown .
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager .
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in Portugal killed at least eight people , officials say .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes as wildfires continue to burn in Chile .
Northern Ireland 's first and deputy first ministers have been accused of breaching due process after the appointment of a new press secretary .
Egyptian experts say they have found " anomalies " in three of the pyramids oframids of Giza that may be related to the way they are built .
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright , two of the Disappeared , have been formally identified as those of two IRA members , the Irish government has said .
Prank TV shows have become increasingly popular in the Middle East and North Africa during Ramadan , but they have also become increasingly controversial .
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him .
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off a mountain in northern Finland to mark the centenary of its independence from Russia .
Mexico 's Football Federation ( FMF ) has been warned by Fifa that it could be fined or expelled from matches if it fails to stop homophobic chanting .
Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani scored twice as Leicester City beat Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup third round .
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take risks against New Zealand in Saturday 's first Test in Auckland .
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first girl choristers as part of a new recruitment drive .
There are few sporting rivalries as passionate as those between Italy and Northern Ireland , but the rivalry between the two sides has been as colourful as they have been .
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2 - 0 victory over England at Wembley in 1986 .
The price of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen sharply after one of its most prominent developers said it was doomed .
Women 's Super League Two side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed former England Under-21 international midfielder Lauren Howard .
Lido beach in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the country , and it has become a magnet for foreign visitors .
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest .
England all - rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the one - day international series against Pakistan .
Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC ) has asked the public for their views on whether stations should be moved to public areas such as supermarkets and public buildings .
A man has died in a hang gliding accident in East Sussex .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a London subway have appealed for witnesses to come forward .
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police 's handling of child sex abuse allegations , the force has announced .
A North Korean court has sentenced a US citizen to life in prison with hard labour for " hostile acts " against the state .
Barnet moved level on points with League Two leaders Newport County at the top of the table after beating Hartlepool .
Northern Ireland 's fire , prison and police services are to get their own training facilities after a 10-year battle to build a joint college was abandoned .
Partick Thistle captain Jordan Osman says the club 's players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill .
Iain Duncan Smith has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of terrorism .
A Canadian - Turkish woman has been charged with insulting the president of Turkey , her lawyer says .
Wilfried Bony scored twice and set up a third as Ivory Coast reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi - finals with victory over Algeria .
Taiwan 's Foxconn , the world 's biggest contract electronics maker , has reported a 16 % rise in quarterly profits , helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads .
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for the time they spend travelling between their jobs .
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in Manchester city centre .
Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Bai Koroma has refused to sign into law a controversial new abortion law despite pressure from human rights groups .
The death of Fabrice Muamba is the latest in a string of high - profile sportsmen and women who have died from cardiac arrest .
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are treating his death as murder .
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini to be the next president of Fifa after he announced his candidacy for the post .
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being falsely accused of being an IRA member has said he will " fight to his grave " for compensation .
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in 110,000 refugees in 2017 as part of a global effort to help millions of people displaced by conflict .
Libya 's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has been withdrawn because of civil war in the country .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban his country 's Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games .
Mark Selby will face Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi - finals after taking a 6 - 2 lead over Marco Fu .
Malaysia 's film censors have approved the release of Disney 's live - action remake of Beauty and the Beast .
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team - mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the World Championship to 36 points .
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers ' union in Oaxaca state to end a week - long blockade of roads by thousands of protesters .
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury believes professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics .
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three sex offences against a child .
The UK 's service sector grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in February , according to a closely watched survey .
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving .
More than 1,000 EU citizens have been wrongly sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum , the Electoral Commission has confirmed .
The Alexandra Palace theatre in central London is to be restored and reopened to the public as part of a £ 20 m restoration project .
More than 100 churches in Nigeria 's biggest city , Lagos , have been ordered to shut down after residents complained about noise levels .
Wrexham are interested in signing Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club .
A 51-year - old man has been arrested in Florida on suspicion of starting a fire at a mosque that was frequented by a gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub .
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions for the first time in 25 years , its owner has confirmed .
The European Court of Justice has ruled that EU nationals living in the UK should be guaranteed the right to stay after Brexit .
Rafael Nadal is the world number one tennis player .
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a 10-foot ( 3.5 m ) python that escaped from a Florida home .
Gibraltar is in talks with Scotland and the rest of the UK about how to deal with Brexit , the territory 's top minister has said .
The mother of a two - year - old boy who drowned in a bath has told a court she was " stupid " for not going upstairs to check on him the day he died .
Lord Alderdice has called on Prime Minister Theresa May to rethink her approach to the issue of the Irish border after Brexit .
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for his courage in playing through an injury .
Gambling revenues in China 's gambling capital , Macau , have fallen sharply in the three months to September as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending continues .
In our series of letters from African journalists , the BBC 's Farai Sevenzo has been travelling to Bangladesh to find out more about the people - smuggling business .
Campaign 2016 is about to get under way .
A " record - breaking " seal breeding season is on the cards at a Norfolk nature reserve , conservationists have said .
A clerk in the US state of North Carolina has been ordered to appear in court over her refusal to issue marriage licences to gay couples .
North Korea has failed in its latest attempt to launch a ballistic missile , South Korean officials say .
Northern Ireland 's Joe Donnelly is through to the quarter - finals of the men 's flyweight boxing at the Olympic Games after a narrow win over Egypt 's Abdelhadi Abdelaziz .
Kasabian have been criticised for a music video for their new single featuring celebrities pretending to be psychiatric patients .
Police in Australia are investigating seven Melbourne women who have travelled to Syria and Iraq to join Islamic State ( IS ) militants .
The death of David Cameron 's son Ivan prepared his wife for becoming prime minister , she has said .
The US Navy says it has intercepted two missiles fired at a US warship off the coast of Yemen , which it believes were fired from Houthi - controlled territory .
One of the UK 's largest tour operators is to stop offering trips to traditional zoos , saying they are " relics of the past " .
Couples eligible for NHS fertility treatment in Scotland should be offered more than one cycle of IVF treatment , a charity has said .
A three - year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Barry .
It is one of the most familiar phrases in football .
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU law on air pollution , the High Court has heard .
Police in Australia are investigating the case of an Indonesian woman who died after drinking coffee laced with cyanide .
The world 's oldest pine fossils have been discovered in Canada , revealing how the tree was shaped by the effects of wildfires .
A department store in Birmingham has been forced to close after a major flood .
London Fire Brigade ( LFB ) has apologised after using the term " hipster " to describe a fire which destroyed a number of businesses in east London .
Plans for a new hospital in Somerset have been given the go - ahead by the coalition government .
Donegal will face Galway in Saturday 's All - Ireland SFC qualifier at Croke Park for the second time this season .
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a " campaign of sectarian intimidation " in her role as a teacher at a Belfast school has said she has been inspired by her pupils .
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt is making a " miraculous recovery " , an RSPCA officer has said .
The M74 extension to the south of Glasgow has not reduced the number of road accidents , according to a new study .
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy was stopped from becoming a foster carer because he had been disciplined for grooming , a report has revealed .
David Cameron needs to produce a White Paper setting out how his plans for more devolution for Scotland would work in practice , a senior Conservative peer has said .
Den Haag have signed Magnus Johnsen from Hearts for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Katarina Johnson - Thompson missed out on the long jump title at the European Indoor Championships as she finished third in her first major international event .
Cuts to social care budgets in England have led to a " deepening crisis " in the provision of care for the elderly and disabled , figures show .
The bodies of dozens of people who died in a landslide and flood in the central Italian town of Salgar on Monday have been laid to rest .
The Irish Football Association ( IFA ) has confirmed that 900 Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets for Euro 2016 will have access to a new online ticket portal .
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department ahead of next season .
A man has been arrested following the death of a man in Coleraine , County Londonderry .
The family of Dutch legend Johan Cruyff have thanked fans for the " love , kind words and memories " they have received since his death .
Former Manchester United and Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal says he will not return to coaching .
A Tanzanian politician has sparked a backlash on Twitter after ordering three men he accused of being gay to report to the police for " spreading homosexuality " on social media .
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart in what police say was an act of terrorism .
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge against the University of Oxford 's controversial tower blocks in Oxford .
The Lion King is one of 25 films to be added to the Library of Congress 's National Film and Television Registry .
Two brothers have appeared in court accused of helping their brother join the so - called Islamic State ( IS ) group by selling items belonging to him and his wife to raise funds for him .
A man has been charged in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition in Edinburgh .
Ten people have been charged with slavery offences following a police raid on traveller sites .
Thomas Cook 's health and safety chief Justin King 's report into the deaths of two schoolgirls on holiday in Corfu shows how the company 's response to the tragedy was driven by " legal rather than human considerations " .
It was a dream come true for a Northern Ireland singer - songwriter who would go on to become one of the world 's most successful Formula 1 drivers , but how did he get there ?
Hearts boss Ian Cathro has been " rushed " into taking charge at Tynecastle , according to Craig Levein .
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson lost 6 - 4 6 - 2 to Chan Hye - Jin and Chan Tsung - hwa in the mixed doubles final of the Hong Kong Open .
Zac Efron , Bradley Cooper and Channing Tatum were just some of the stars who took part in this year 's MTV Movie Awards .
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co - host Strictly Come Dancing 's Children In Need special , the BBC has announced .
David Silberman 's book about autism has won the £ 20,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for best book on science .
Britain 's Shauna Coxsey missed out on a second successive bouldering world title as she finished second in the second event of the season .
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of Syria - related terrorism offences .
A jigsaw puzzle set up by a man in Norfolk to raise money for a children 's hospital has been delayed after four pieces went missing .
Hungary , a small country in central Europe , is one of the most prosperous countries in Central Europe .
UKIP has defended its leader in the Welsh Assembly over claims she should be sacked over her treatment of members .
Four - time Olympic champion Mo Farah set a new world record to win the men 's half marathon at the IPC World Championships in Portugal .
Mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing the NHS today , with many of us suffering from anxiety , depression and panic attacks .
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a senior prosecutor in Kampala , police say .
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being " the most abusive to women in the history of politics " .
A newborn baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop .
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBA world champion Johannes Braehmer and end a run of three straight defeats .
A number of petrol bombs have been found in west Belfast .
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire 's Sherwood Forest have been criticised by campaigners .
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut in a new play based on one of her favourite novels .
Greece has ruled out taking Britain to court over the return of the Parthenon Marbles .
A woman who claims she was sexually abused by a man as a child has told a court he is a " monster " .
South Africa are to begin a search for a new head coach ahead of next month 's tour of England .
Leinster have re - signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two - year deal .
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have pledged to make Prime Minister 's Questions a " genuine exercise in asking questions and answering questions " as they clashed in the Commons .
Zimbabwean police have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the capital , Harare , after demonstrators clashed with security forces .
