American billionaire Michael Eisner will address fans on Thursday with details of his £5.67m offer for 100% of the promoted League Two club. Shareholders and PST members will vote on the former Walt Disney chief executive's proposals later this month. "I don't think that we should think this is our only chance," Brown said. Eisner, 75, has presented the terms of his offer before a town hall-style meeting at Portsmouth's Guildhall on Thursday. Among his proposals are a further £10m equity investment, as well as the removal of three PST members from the club's nine-strong board. The PST own 48% of the club after helping bring it out of administration in 2013. Rather than instructing shareholders to vote in favour of Eisner's deal, the PST and club presidents have told fans to make up their own minds. "What people need to do is see if it's the right option and the right person," Brown told BBC Radio Solent. "That's the difficulty for people as you're dealing with somebody you don't know. "Thursday is a chance for some people to look him in the eye in a public forum and ask him some questions and we'll see what he has got to say then. "It's a huge decision about the future of the club, one that will define the path in goes on in the next few years. The beauty is that it's the fans that are making it."
Judge DW Deshpande said the actor would have to be present in the court for the judgement. Khan has been charged with culpable homicide by the Mumbai court. He recently told the court he was not driving on the night of the incident. The actor also said his driver Altaf was driving the car when the crash occurred. If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. Late on the night of 28 September 2002, Khan's Toyota Land Cruiser rammed into the American Express bakery in the Bandra area of Mumbai, authorities say. The vehicle ran over five people sleeping on the streets, killing 38-year-old Noor Ullah Khan and seriously injuring three others. Another person received minor injuries. The prosecution has alleged that Khan was driving the car and that he was drunk. The actor, who has always denied the charges against him, recently told the court that he was not drunk and was not driving the car either. Khan is one of Bollywood's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 Hindi-language films. Several of his films, including Dabangg, Ready, Bodyguard, Ek Tha Tiger, Maine Pyar Kiya and Hum Aap Ke Hain Kaun, have been huge commercial hits.
The service is available to Three customers travelling to the Republic of Ireland, Australia, Italy, Austria, Hong Kong, Sweden and Denmark. European authorities have been clamping down on roaming charges. But Three is the first network to abolish them altogether, albeit in selected countries, where it has sister networks. Three says customers on a pay monthly contract would be able to use their allowances of free minutes, texts and data with no extra charges for being abroad. However, those on unlimited plans will be subject to some restrictions. In a press release, Thomas Malleschitz, marketing director at Three, said: "By abolishing expensive roaming charges in select countries, we are allowing our customers to get even more value from their minutes, texts and data abroad by removing the fear associated with staying in touch while travelling." Analysts say that other operators of mobile phone networks are likely to follow Three's lead, particularly those who already have a presence in other countries. Matthew Howett, a senior analyst at consultancy firm Ovum, says the deal from Three is also interesting because it applies to nations outside the European Union, where there has been pressure from authorities to lower roaming charges. "Reducing roaming charges outside of that bloc will welcomed by many, since prices have remained stubbornly high in some countries," he said.
Media playback is not supported on this device . Paris Saint-Germain's £50 million defender David Luiz waved across the Parc des Princes pitch and then gestured with a thumbs up. Beaming with a bright smile I waved back immediately, then embarrassment set in. I realised the recognition wasn't for me, it was for another Ballymena man standing just to my left, the head groundsman at PSG. I was immensely proud for Jonathan Calderwood. A man raised just 'up the road' from me in Clough, County Antrim. This is a matchday ritual for Jonathan, receiving accolades from some of the world's most expensive footballers. "When we played Barcelona, I was told that Messi and Neymar both said it was the best pitch they've ever played on, when we played Real Madrid in September I got the same feedback from them," he said. It all started at east Belfast club Glentoran, where Jonathan cut his teeth (and grass) at the Oval. Next stop was the old Wembley Stadium in London, which coincided with his studies at Myrescough College, where he gained a National Diploma in Turf Science. Jonathan worked his way through the ranks, ending up as deputy head groundsman at Wembley. Calderwood went on to become head groundsman at Wolverhampton Wanderers before a move to Aston Villa. During 15 successful years at Villa Park he picked up multiple turf related awards including two Premier League Groundsman of the Year trophies. At Villa he met Gerard Houillier, one of the game's most respected managers. Meanwhile, across the English Channel a group of investors from Qatar made PSG one of Europe's richest football clubs. They wanted the very best of everything, including the blades of grass on the Parc des Princes pitch. On the advice of Houllier that meant a groundsman from Clough. He told PSG that Jonathan was the best groundsman in the world and Carlo Ancelotti, their manager at that time, agreed. Jonathan and his family moved to a new life in Paris and he made an immediate impact, becoming French Groundman of the Year in his first season. He added: "When you hear someone saying 'the guy just cuts grass' it's a little bit hurtful because I know what skills are involved, what dedication, what hours, what knowledge and experience goes into having a pitch like what we have at PSG. "Modern day football pitches are so complex and so complicated. I spent three years full-time at university and I would say 90% of my time was spent in the laboratory doing soil analysis, weeds, pesticides, disease management, wind, water, sunshine, fertiliser programmes and aeration - there is so much to it.' Jonathan's story doesn't end there, for his pitch will host Northern Ireland's game against Germany in Euro 2016. "If you're a groundsman like me, you want to work at the very top and it doesn't come much bigger than the European Championships," he said. "For me to move to Paris and for Northern Ireland to end up playing Germany in Paris on my pitch it doesn't get any better than that - it's like a dream come true." So Jonathan has already had recognition from some of the best players in the world - come 21 June he'll be hoping for a thumbs up from the likes of Steven Davis, Jonny Evans and manager Michael O'Neill. Who knows, that could be after a win over the world champions!
Croker starts at hooker for the hosts at Twickenham, with Amy Cokayne dropping to the bench. Ciara Griffin is handed her first Six Nations start at flanker for Ireland, while Paula Fitzpatrick moves to number eight and Heather O'Brien to the bench. Experienced fly-half Nora Stapleton comes in for Nikki Caughey, who will provide back-up from the replacements. Ireland, led by Tom Tierney, defeated Wales 21-3 in their opening fixture, but went on to lose 18-6 against France in Perpignan. England won their opening two fixtures, against Scotland and Italy. "Ireland is going to present a tough challenge this weekend and there will be no margin for error," said England's lead coach Scott Bemand. "Recent history testifies that our games have been fiercely contested and, as a group, we are very excited to play at the home." Tierney added: "While the result in France didn't go our way, I thought there were a lot of positives to take from that game and we will be looking to carry them into this fixture. "We made too many unforced errors in Perpignan, so if we can rectify that I think we have got a very good chance on Saturday. "Twickenham is a special place to play, so it will be a great experience for the girls, but it is important that we go there looking to perform and hopefully come away with a result." England women: Katie Mason (Bristol); Lydia Thompson (Worcester), Lauren Cattell (Saracens), Ceri Large (Worcester), Lotte Clapp (Saracens); Amber Reed (Bristol), La Toya Mason (Darlington Mowden Park); Rochelle Clark (Worcester), Emma Croker (Richmond), Vickii Cornborough (Richmond); Abbie Scott (Darlington Mowden Park), Emily Braund (Lichfield); Harriet Millar-Mills (Lichfield), Izzy Noel-Smith (Bristol), Sarah Hunter (Bristol) Replacements: Amy Cokayne (Lichfield), Heather Kerr (Darlington Mowden Park), Bee Dawson (Wasps), Tamara Taylor (Darlington Mowden Park), Poppy Leitch (Bristol), Bianca Blackburn (Worcester), Ruth Laybourn (Darlington Mowden Park), Leanne Riley (Richmond) Ireland women: Niamh Briggs (Munster); Elise O'Byrne-White (Leinster), Aine Donnelly (Leinster), Sene Naoupu (Connacht), Mairead Coyne (Connacht); Nora Stapleton (Leinster), Larissa Muldoon (Skewen); Ruth O'Reilly (Connacht), Cliodhna Moloney (Leinster), Ailis Egan (Leinster); Sophie Spence (Leinster), Marie Louise Reilly (Leinster), Ciara Griffin (Munster), Claire Molloy (Bristol), Paula Fitzpatrick (Toulouse). Replacements: Zoe Grattage (Munster), Fiona Hayes (Munster), Fiona Reidy (Munster), Ciara Cooney (Leinster), Heather O'Brien (Toulouse), Mary Healy (Connacht), Nikki Caughey (Ulster), Jackie Shiels (Richmond).
The incident happened on Tuesday night, when the attacker charged at Rajnish Thakur in his shop in Mumbai's Chembur neighbourhood. Naseeruddin Mansuri, who was a customer in the shop, has been hailed a hero for rushing to defend Mr Thakur. But Mr Mansuri told BBC Hindi that he now fears for his life. He has asked journalists not to take photos of him. "I have a wife and children. If some criminal recognises me from photo and comes after me, who will protect me? Please don't create any trouble for me," he pleaded. Speaking about the incident, Mr Mansuri told the BBC: "For a moment, I couldn't understand what was happening. But then I managed to stop the attacker and also started shouting so more people gathered." Mr Mansuri said he did not feel any fear. "At that time I had to just save this man... How could I watch someone being beaten up?" After the video was shown on Indian television channels and posted online, Mr Mansuri was hailed as a hero on social media. But, he says he has received threats and is worried about his family and has not left home since after the incident. Police have arrested the attacker and named him as Akram Sheikh. Reports say Mr Thakur was attacked because he has been actively campaigning against extortion by the underworld.
Lego refused a bulk order for bricks that were to be used in a new artwork about political dissidents as part of an exhibition in Melbourne, Australia. Toymaker Lego said it never sold directly to anyone wanting to use its product to make a political statement. The artist has since been deluged with offers of Lego from supporters. Ai used Lego last year to create portraits of 175 dissident figures who had been jailed or exiled, from Nelson Mandela to Edward Snowden, on the site of the former Alcatraz prison near San Francisco. He planned a similar work for the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, but a bulk order placed by the museum was rejected by the Danish company. The Chinese artist said the company told the museum its bricks could not be used for artworks containing "any political, religious, racist, obscene or defaming statements". Referring to The Lego Movie's slogan "everything is awesome", Ai wrote on Twitter: "Lego will tell us what to do, or not to do. That is awesome!" He added: "Lego is giving us the definition of what is 'political', and all the big corporations are telling us what to love or hate. That is awesome." In an Instagram post, he wrote: "As a commercial entity, Lego produces and sells toys, movies and amusement parks attracting children across the globe. "As a powerful corporation, Lego is an influential cultural and political actor in the globalized economy with questionable values. "Lego's refusal to sell its product to the artist is an act of censorship and discrimination." Lego spokesman Roar Rude Trangbaek would not comment directly on the case but said that, as a principle, Lego "respects any individual's right to free, creative expression". But he added that the company had a long-standing policy not to directly sell to anyone if it knew that its bricks would be used to make a political statement. The artist also linked Lego's stance with plans for a new Legoland in Shanghai. Lego said the theme park was being built by Merlin Entertainment and not Lego, but that Lego does have some ties with Merlin because it uses the Lego brand. Ai Weiwei is known for his criticism of the Chinese government as well as for being one of the world's leading contemporary artists. He was arrested during a crackdown on political activists in China in 2011 and was released without charge after 81 days. The Chinese authorities kept his passport for four years, but it was returned earlier this year.
Several fire appliances were called to the scene at Carnsalloch House to tackle the blaze. One witness reported damage to the main part of the house at Kirkton, with floors and the roof burnt out. The category A listed building had fallen into a state of disrepair and had been described as a target for vandals, fireraisers and drug-users. The mansion house at Kirkton was built in the middle of the 18th Century, with a number of extensions added over the years. From the late 1960s until about 2000 it was owned by the Leonard Cheshire foundation. Plans for a housing development at the site were rejected and earlier this month the developers sought a council review of the decision.
Starr, a former independent counsel, was the author of what's probably the most expensive piece of pornography ever published, the Starr Report which chronicled, in graphic sexual detail, Bill Clinton's affair with a 21-year-old White House intern, Monica Lewinsky. The one-time character assassin has become a character witness. Bill Clinton, despite being impeached for lying under oath about that affair, left office with the highest approval rating - 66% - of any departing president. He was also credited with balancing the federal budget and reviving the American economy from its early-Nineties slump. Since then, as Starr noted, he has followed a redemptive path. So he should be a prime asset to his wife Hillary as she seeks to become the first ever first lady to move from the East Wing of the White House to the West. The irony of Starr's kind words is that they have come at a time when Hillary, among other woes, has a Bill problem. The man who could well become the "First Dude" - Hillary's words, not mine - is proving to be something of a liability. Part of it stems, of course, from what eventually became the focus of Kenneth Starr's inquiry, Bill Clinton's womanising. It blunts her attacks on Donald Trump's sexism and misogyny which, in a contest where more women will vote than men, should have been her ace card. The billionaire, in a jujutsu-like move, has already launched an attack ad featuring video of Kathleen Willey, who accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault, and Juanita Broaddrick, who accused him of rape. "DIRTY BILLS," read the front page of the New York Post the following day, conflating Trump's attack ad with the allegations against Bill Cosby. Nor is Trump relying on guilt by association. He has already called Hillary an "enabler" of her husband's fidelity. "She would go after these women and destroy their lives," he has claimed. Like many of Trump's attacks, that may strike many voters as shrill and overstated, it also contains a kernel of truth. The White House did attempt to trash Monica Lewinsky when the scandal first erupted in 1998, and Hillary Clinton, during her husband's long phase of public denial, described it as being the product of a "vast right-wing conspiracy", absolving him of blame. Hillary as loyal "stand-by-your-man" wife does not marry that well with Hillary as feminist trailblazer, the image she is trying to project. My sense, having watched the Clintons fairly closely for over 20 years, is that they have a loving marriage and deep friendship. An animated conversation that started at Yale Law School in the early Seventies continues for both of them to fascinate and enthral. But many critics of the Clintons believe it's a transactional partnership, a marriage of political convenience. To some, her loyalty during the most troubled phase of the Clinton presidency reinforces the sense that she's a cynical political operator, willing to do anything to accrue power. The Bernie problem, her difficulty in seeing off her Democratic rival, is also partly a Bill problem. The unexpected success of the Vermont Senator is explained not only by an aversion to Hillary but also a rejection of Bill. Sanders supporters are railing against his political and policy legacy. Bill Clinton's pursuit of a "Third Way" politics was designed to make the Democrats more electable and to end the party's losing streak in presidential politics. Up until his victory in 1992, they had only won one of the previous six elections. But this shift to the middle ground, and the centrist policies that accompanied it, alienated many on the Democrat left. Withholding support from Hillary Clinton and bestowing it instead upon Bernie Sanders is a form of revenge. Whether its financial deregulation, the welfare bill that Clinton passed with the Republican-controlled Congress, criminal justice reforms which have contributed to higher levels of black incarceration, the North American Free Trade Agreement, or Nafta for short, there's been an angry backlash against what Clinton once trumpeted as some of his greatest domestic accomplishments. This has made her vulnerable to a challenge from the left, as Sanders has shown. But it also makes her vulnerable to a challenge from the right, because of Nafta. Blue-collar voters, who might ordinarily be expected to vote Democrat, stand to applaud when Donald Trump promises to renegotiate trade deals which have exported American jobs abroad. Hillary Clinton hinted recently that Bill would become her jobs tsar and focus his energies on reviving American manufacturing. She clearly hopes that he can appeal again to blue-collar whites, who warmed to him as a candidate and president. But that bond has been severely eroded, if not severed completely, because he was the president who negotiated Nafta. Public perceptions about Bill Clinton have also changed, in a way which exposes the rupture between the Democratic establishment and the Democratic grassroots. When he first appeared on the national scene, he could plausibly cast himself as the boy from Hope, his small-town Arkansas birthplace. Now, after all the millions he has earned on the international speaking circuit, he comes across not just as a limousine liberal but a Lear Jet liberal. Standing at the head of a metropolitan progressive elite, he does not have the same common touch of old. The Clintons, after all these years as the dominant power couple in the Democratic establishment, also project an imperious sense of entitlement. It explains why Hillary Clinton's email scandal cuts so deep. It reinforces the widespread view that the couple believe they are not bound by normal rules. Are Trump and Sanders right about trade? Why is the US turning to protectionism? Trump, Clinton and the 'None of the Above' era . Hillary Clinton's problem with women . Those of us who have watched him on the campaign trail have also been surprised at the 69-year-old's comparative lack of energy. The magnetism and charisma for which he is famed simply is not there. At a rally in New Hampshire, I happened to be stood next to Clinton's biographer David Maraniss, whose real-time Twitter feed made for fascinating reading. "When BC was introduced and stood on stage w/Chelsea, he showed nothing on his face, mouth agape, eyes seemingly blank... just frail, like he had to conserve every ounce of energy. No gleam in his eyes, no electricity, mutedâ€¦. He lit up only when Chelsea talked about him. Then when it was his turn to talk a little bit of his old self came back, but not much." Once the most powerful energy force in any room, Bill Clinton is now only an ambient presence. The former president is not without his fans. There are thousands who still cheer this self-proclaimed architect of the bridge to the 21st Century. What's also been striking is how African-American voters have returned to the Clinton fold, after backing Barack Obama in 2008, despite protesters from the Black Lives Matters campaign targeting him on the stump. However, the former first couple's hopes that wistful memories of the Clinton administration would lead to a Clinton restoration have surely dwindled. Nostalgia is something that can give a departing president a warm glow, as Barack Obama is presently discovering, but hard for a presidential aspirant to harness, especially when so much of the country is angrily demanding change.
The twin-engined CN235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of Codazzi, in Cesar province, having reported engine difficulties. Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos described the victims as heroes. An investigation into the cause of the crash has been ordered, says the commander of Colombia's air force, Gen Carlos Bueno. Colombian media reported (in Spanish) that local residents said the plane had been struck by lightning. All of those killed were members of the Colombian air force. The CN235 is manufactured by Airbus, who said in a statement that the plane concerned was produced in 1998 in Seville.
Alasdair McCrone, of Mull Theatre, and Gordon McLean, of the arts centre An Tobar, were among three directors of the umbrella body Comar. It looks after a number of arts organisations on the island. Comar's board said funding restrictions made it necessary to reduce three posts to one. It said the three existing directorial posts - in theatre/dance, visual arts/film and music/literature - would be replaced by one artistic director who would lead the entire creative programme . Comar, which was created two years ago, said it hoped to continue to work with both Mr McCrone and McLean. Equity blames poor business planning and is calling on the board to resign. A public meeting about the decision is to be held in Tobermory next week. High-profile Scottish actor Alan Cumming tweeted: "This makes me so sad. Another example of the accountants take over at the expense of the art. And in Mull too." Former Scottish culture secretary and SNP MSP for Argyll and Bute, Michael Russell, tweeted: "Making Alasdair & Gordon redundant is an extraordinary wrong-headed decision and must be opposed."
Inspired by the lily pond in Monet's garden at Giverny in France, the painting was the top lot at Sotheby's sale of modern and impressionist works. It totalled just under £122m, including £15.2m for Piet Mondrian's 1927 Composition with Red, Blue and Grey. Sotheby's said it proved collectors are still keen to acquire "trophy art". Paintings by Sisley, Picasso, Manet and Kandinsky were also among the 46 works, with only four pieces failing to find buyers as many sold close to the top end of the pre-auction estimates and sometimes above. "The Nympheas selling for such a huge sum is again a reflection that this is still a market that is driven by trophies, that the great works by the major masters are still really sought after," said Philip Hook from Sotheby's. The auction house said the bidding for the Monet work attracted buyers from Asia and all over the world and went on for 10 minutes, going up in £250,000 increments in its final stages. It said the painting, from the "most iconic and celebrated of Monet's painting series, can be counted among the artist's greatest achievements". It once belonged to Paul Durand-Ruel, the legendary art dealer who championed the Impressionists and represented Monet. The same work had been offered for auction in 2010 but failed to reach its reserve price. Sotheby's said this time it had carried a more "realistic" estimate of £20m to £30m. The sale price of £31.7m included a buyer's premium. Two other Monet paintings were also offered in the sale, La Seine a Argenteuil which sold for £8.5m and Antibes, vue du plateau Notre-Dame, which sold for £7.9m.
Five justices in the Supreme Court dismissed the challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at Batang Kali in 1948 by a four to one majority. The families, who say the men were "massacred", had their case rejected by the UK Court of Appeal last year. British forces at the time of the killings said the men were insurgents. In the Supreme Court panel's judgement, one of the justices, Lord Kerr, described the case as "shocking" and said the "overwhelming preponderance of currently available evidence" showed "wholly innocent men were mercilessly murdered". He said it was "with regret" that he dismissed the appeal. "This is an instance where the law has proved itself unable to respond positively to the demand that there be redress for the historical wrong that the appellants so passionately believe has been perpetrated on them and their relatives," Lord Kerr said. "That may reflect a deficiency in our system of law. It certainly does not represent any discredit on the honourable crusade that the appellants have pursued." Another of the justices, Lady Hale, said she would have allowed the appeal and said the UK government "did not seriously consider the most cost-effective form which such an inquiry might take". "They did not seriously consider the "bigger picture": the public interest in properly inquiring into an event of this magnitude; the private interests of the relatives and survivors in knowing the truth and seeing the reputations of their deceased relatives vindicated," she said. The appellants in the case - Chong Nyok Keyu, Loh Ah Choi, Lim Kok and Wooi Kum Thai, two of whom were at Batang Kali as children - were supported by the action group Condemning The Batang Kali Massacre, a campaign in Malaysia that includes 568 civil society organisations. Michael Fordham QC, representing the appellants, told the court that the families wished to "vindicate the legitimate interests of the deceased, in order to achieve justice, before they die themselves". Relatives argued that Article 2 - the right to life - of the European Convention on Human Rights imposes a duty on the UK to commission an independent inquiry, despite the killings occurring before the convention was drafted and signed. It was argued on behalf of the government that the Human Rights Act "does not have retrospective effect and does not impose an obligation to hold an inquiry into deaths occurring several decades before it came into force". The account of the British authorities at the time was that the deceased were justifiably shot while they were attempting to escape from the patrol. An official explanation was contained in a written parliamentary answer in Hansard, published on 26 January 1949. On 11 and 12 December 1948 - when Malaya was still a British colony - 24 villagers were killed by a platoon of Scots Guards during a raid at Batang Kali. The men were Chinese migrant workers suspected by the British of helping rebels during the Malayan Emergency - a conflict between communist guerrillas and British and Commonwealth forces, which lasted 12 years. An investigation at the time cleared the soldiers of wrongdoing, but in 1970 some of the soldiers said the villagers had been executed. In the 1990s, authorities in Malaysia opened an investigation, but it was halted before a conclusion was reached. There have been numerous calls for a public inquiry - all of which have been rejected by the UK.
The company said it was looking at the possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea. It said the idea had come from businesses at the island resort who were keen to boost tourism. If confirmed, the cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August. Neil Chapman, managing director of Hovertravel, said: "We're always open to new ideas which might boost tourism to the Isle of Wight and we provisionally agreed the concept, subject to gaining the appropriate permissions." The plan would be for the service to operate four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday from 14 July to 27 August. The Isle of Wight Council welcomed the plan and said it was currently in discussion with Hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of Sandown Beach for the service.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was airlifted to hospital but later died. Her daughter Olivia, eight, was also injured in the incident on The Kingsway on 31 March. Her family described her as "an outgoing, hard working and loving person." A coroner has called on Swansea council to address safety concerns on the road. In a tribute they wrote: "Our family is absolutely devastated at the tragic accident, which took Louise from us all last week. "We've lost a beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten. "Louise was an outgoing, hard working and loving person. An incredible hole has been left in our family which can never be filled." The family thanked staff at Swansea's Morriston hospital who treated the mother-of-three and her daughter. They also paid tribute to police, members of the public and staff from the Principality building society who looked after Olivia after the incident. After the crash, Swansea council said it would install temporary barriers along the central reservation of the road. It has already dropped the speed limit to 20mph following concerns from residents that the road was unsafe. In a letter to the council, Swansea's acting senior coroner Colin Phillips said the road had a "serious design issue", which "must be addressed". Mr Phillips issued the report as part of his investigation into the death of Daniel Foss, 37, who died after being hit by a bus on The Kingsway in September 2013.
Derby City Council wanted to shut Moorways Pool from April in a bid to save about Â£350,000 a year. The Labour-led authority, which needs to save Â£79m over the next three years, said it had found the savings by making cuts in other areas. Campaigners who gathered more than 4,000 signatures on a petition said they were delighted at the news. Ranjit Banwait, leader of the authority, said the council had committed to keep it open for a year. He said the council had identified savings "in back-office areas" and a restructuring of management jobs, which had been "untouched" since 2010. However, he stressed if the authority failed to get a "fair deal" from central government in the future, the pool would still have to close. Campaigners had accepted the pool, which is 33m in length, was in need of repair. There are plans for a new 50m pool to be built by 2018 to replace it. However, closing it would have left only one other public pool in the city - the Queen's Leisure Centre, they said. Doug Whitlam, of the Derbyshire Amateur Swimming Association, said: "One of the main things for me would have been the loss of teaching. "Twelve hundred young people use this facility every week and that would be lost forever."
He made the pledge in a Ramadan message to Muslims, who have been worst affected by the ban. The government shut 13 Somalia-linked firms in April, saying it wanted to prevent militant Islamists from using them to finance attacks. Kenyans Somalis accused the government of blanket punishment. Somalis around the world rely heavily on the firms to do business and send cash to relatives in Somalia, where the banking sector is almost non-existent. Mr Kenyatta, in his message to mark the Islamic holy month, said he had noted proposals to lift the ban on the firms. He had therefore directed the central bank to "immediately issue comprehensive regulations" for the activities of the firms, "upon which their suspension would be lifted". The ban was imposed after Somali militant Islamist group al-Shabab killed 148 people in an attack on Garissa University College in north-eastern Kenya. There has been a similar crackdown on the companies in the UK and US where the governments have adopted strict money-laundering laws making it difficult for banks to deal with them. The United Nations estimates that Somalis in the diaspora, almost all of whom are Muslim, send home about $1.6bn (Â£1.1bn) annually, significantly more than foreign aid. More than 40% of Somalis receive remittances, the bulk of which are used for basic needs, including food, clothes, medicine and education, according to a UN survey. Somalia has not had a functioning government since the fall of Siad Barre's government in 1991, and has been beset by religious and clan conflicts.
Negotiators for the two sides at peace talks in Cuba said they would ask the UN to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire. The UN has yet to agree to the proposal. The two sides have been holding peace talks for three years. Both sides say they hope to reach a final peace deal by March 2016. The BBC's Colombia correspondent Natalio Cosoy says the mechanism would only start to work once a final deal is agreed. However both sides have insisted the announcement is more than a mere formality, suggesting it should be read as a signal that a definite deal is close, our correspondent adds. "We have decided to ask the UN Security Council to create (a mission) of unarmed observers for a period of 12 months," the two sides said in a joint statement at peace talks in the Cuban capital, Havana, on Tuesday. They said the mission would guarantee that any ceasefire and disarmament would be genuine and permanent, reports say. Humberto de la Calle, the government's lead negotiator, described the announcement as a "transcendental" moment. He said it was an "unequivocal demonstration of our desire to end confrontation", according to the Associated Press. The joint announcement in Havana is a clear indication that the Colombian peace process is moving towards its final phase. Since the negotiations were launched in November 2012, the Farc has announced several unilateral ceasefires and urged the government to do the same. But even though the government has scaled down military operations recently, it has refused to join the Farc in a bilateral ceasefire. President Juan Manuel Santos has said repeatedly that the rebels must first agree to lay down their weapons and give up their armed struggle. Government and negotiators have now invited the UN Security Council to join them as an honest, reliable broker and oversee the end of the conflict. The two sides have invested too much politically to let more than three years of negotiations fail at such a late stage, when difficult issues such as justice for the victims have been dealt with. The Farc and the Colombian government seem to be working together now towards a safe, smooth landing. An estimated 220,000 people have been killed in the fighting between Farc and the Colombian military, which began in 1964. It is the longest-running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. Since official peace talks started in Havana in November 2012, negotiators have reached agreement on key issues such as the political participation of the rebels, land rights, drug trafficking and transitional justice. However it is unclear whether a final deal can be reached by the 23 March deadline set last year. In September, President Juan Manuel Santos and Farc chief Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, said they wanted an agreement within six months. But the Farc said last week that "substantial hurdles" were putting the deadline under threat. The request for a UN mission comes two days after Cuban President Raul Castro met with negotiators from both sides of the conflict.
Washing his own training kit and playing on sloping pitches is a world away from the life to which he had become accustomed during his career, much of which was spent in England's top two divisions. As recently as March, the 32-year-old was scoring goals in the Championship in front of thousands, but on Saturday he could take to the pitch in front of hundreds as Conference South side Maidenhead host Gosport Borough in the FA Cup third qualifying round. But Campbell will not be turning out for a team that plays in the sixth tier of English football because his career is on a downward spiral. The former Birmingham and Queens Park Rangers player is at Maidenhead to rediscover his love for the game, having come close to retiring after being wrongly implicated in a match-fixing scandal. The toughest period of his career began one December morning last year, when a knock at the door at Campbell's home preceded a dramatic arrest in front of his family, and did not end until nine months later when he was finally cleared of any wrongdoing. "The whole situation was a joke and obviously depressing," says Campbell. "It was difficult because after all I had worked for, it tarnished my name and even now you still have managers saying this and that. "But I can't change any of that, all I can do is focus on getting back to where I was. Hopefully I can do that." Campbell was one of six people arrested in connection with allegations of fixing in football matches, which came after ex-Portsmouth defender Sam Sodje allegedly told an undercover newspaper reporter he could arrange yellow and red cards in exchange for cash. Sodje was later cleared. Released on bail following his arrest, Campbell tried to focus on his football, but he was loaned by Blackburn to Millwall in January before leaving the Ewood Park club by mutual consent in July. It was the culmination of a difficult time in Campbell's life. Having climbed from non-league to the Premier League with Birmingham, QPR and Blackpool, an increasing number of injuries in recent years - coupled with the spectre of the match-fixing allegations hanging over him - almost became too much for Campbell. "It was all new things to deal with and my dad passed at the same time while the match-fixing rubbish came up, so it was a lot to handle," he says. "I got to the point where I thought 'what is the point?' I didn't need all these problems and for what? "But at the same time I reflected on my career. "I had done a lot to come from nothing and really make something of myself, why would I throw it all away because of this? "There were plenty of people in a worse position than me who would love to play football, so I just decided to get on with it and do what I love." After leaving Blackburn, Campbell hired a personal trainer and took to training on his own in a park. It was during that time he received a call from current Maidenhead boss Johnson Hippolyte - Campbell's friend, mentor and former manager at non-league Yeading, one of the striker's first clubs, over a decade ago. Campbell credits Hippolyte, "Drax" to those who know him, as the man who kick-started his career, having convinced him not to quit football as a teenager after being released by Aston Villa. Consequently, when Hippolyte made a tongue-in-cheek comment about joining Maidenhead, Campbell took it more seriously. "I was waiting for the right club to come along," continues Campbell. "But as time went by I thought about it more and more, and in the end thought 'why not?' "The move will have surprised a lot of people but if there was anyone I was going to play for at this level it would be Drax, we have a lot of history together." There was, though, the issue of wages. Maidenhead clearly had no chance of offering Campbell the kind of money he had been accustomed to during his Premier League and Championship days. But the discussion never came up. "It is not all about the money," Campbell says. "It is about being happy and I have not been happy the last few years with all that has gone on. "It is easy to think all footballers are motivated by money, and I could have signed for a club and just sat on the bench and taken a wage but I decided not to do that. "I've decided to play for Drax and get back to doing what I love doing." Hippolyte adds: "He is not getting paid at all. "The players were really keen for him to stay and play for Maidenhead when he was initially just training with us, so much so that they offered a whip-round for him. "But it was never about the money for DJ, he just wants to play and enjoy himself again, and we want for him to show that he is still hungry and still has the ability." That ability is clearly still there. In front of a crowd of about 400, Campbell scored on his debut last month as Maidenhead beat Faversham Town 4-0 to progress to the FA Cup third qualifying round. To grab a goal in the competition, with Hippolyte watching on from the dugout, will reignite memories of the famous FA Cup run the pair enjoyed at Yeading back in the 2004-05 season. Campbell scored seven goals in the competition to help Yeading reach the third round, where they lost 2-0 to Newcastle. But, having held out impressively for 50 minutes against the Premier League side, with the game broadcast to millions on BBC One, Campbell caught the eye, with Brentford giving the then 24-year-old his first chance in professional football. From then on he flourished, scoring 12 goals in six months - including a double in a 2-1 win against Sunderland in the FA Cup which earned him a move to Birmingham City, then playing in the Premier League. "The FA Cup really put me in the shop window," remembers Campbell. "It made me get noticed because in those days it was tough for non-league players, not many got the chance they seem to do now. "My form in the competition helped get me my move to Brentford. I continued to score lots there and Birmingham manager Steve Bruce was in the crowd when we played Sunderland in the FA Cup. "I think he was looking at another player, but I scored twice and caught his eye, so that was a blessing." With just two qualifying rounds remaining in this season's competition before the first round proper, Campbell hopes to be able to score the goals that could help Maidenhead replicate Yeading's famous FA Cup run from a decade ago. But regardless of whether the Magpies can achieve that, Hippolyte, remembering the talented 16-year-old he first spotted playing in a park near his home, hopes Campbell will not be around long enough to be part of it. "I really wish Saturday is his last game," he says. "In a perfect world he will play for us, score in the FA Cup and get us through and get his move on Monday. "As much as I would love to keep him here, as a father figure he should not be playing anywhere near this level." Considering the FA Cup arguably made his career in professional football, it would only be fitting if the competition now resurrected it.
In the three months to June 2014, there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption, compared with 1,830 in the three months to September 2013. The figures were released by the Adoption Leadership Board (ALB). The ALB says the drop in adoptions may have been influenced by recent court judgements in care and adoption cases. The board, which was established by the government as part of a shake-up of the adoption system, said applications for court orders allowing a child to be placed for adoption had fallen by 34%. There had also been a fall of 54% in the number of placement orders granted by courts, from 1,650 to 750, it said. In recent years, adoption figures had risen to record levels, with an increase of 63%, the ALB said. But last September, the most senior family court judge criticised the "sloppy practice" of social workers when bringing cases for adoption before the courts and said they were not looking closely enough at all the other options. President of the Family Division, Sir James Munby, also implied that, at a time of tight budgets, adoption may be seen as a cheaper option than helping troubled families or foster carers and warned about "resource issues" affecting local authorities' thinking. He said there had been four cases during 10 days in July alone in which judges had expressed concerns about inadequate analysis by social services in support of the case for adoption. ALB chairman, Sir Martin Narey, said these court judgements had been "entirely sensible". But he warned that they were being misinterpreted by local authorities who thought the law on adoption had changed. He told the BBC that the recent drop in children being put forward for adoption was primarily due to fewer local authorities deciding adoption was the best option for a child. "It's then been compounded by the refusal of some applications at the court," he said. Sir Martin said some councils seemed to have taken some court rulings to mean that if a child could remain in foster care, then "that will do", when in fact the best interests of the child must be pursued. Sir Martin said the drop followed two years of significant progress in finding more adoptive homes for the thousands of children waiting. The number of children adopted across the UK has risen from 3,100 in 2011 to 5,050 in the last year. The recent fall in children being put forward for adoption in England has prompted Sir Martin to issue guidance to clarify the meaning of recent court judgements. "It is clear from my discussions with social workers and managers in local authorities and in voluntary adoption agencies that there is a belief that the law has been fundamentally changed by a number of court judgements. "So I am pleased to produce this simple myth-busting guide - drafted by a senior queen's counsel - to what those judgements do and do not say. "I am extremely grateful to Sir James Munby, president of the Family Division, for his advice. He has seen the document and is supportive of its aim of dispelling the myths that have arisen." Messages included in Sir Martin's guidance reiterated that the legal test for adoption had not changed, and courts must be provided with expert, high quality, evidence-based analysis of all realistic options for a child and the arguments for and against each of these. Sir Martin said: "The board and I have published this guide to help everyone working for children understand the law around these complex cases, and be confident in making the right decisions for the child."
Police were called to the property in Thornhill Road at about 11:00 on Saturday following the discovery of the body. The death is being treated as unexplained and a post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause. A Police Scotland spokesman said a disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats. Forensic examinations are taking place at the scene and there is an increased police presence in the area. Officers are appealing for any witnesses who may have been in the Thornhill Road area between 17:00 on Friday and 11:00 on Saturday to come forward. Det Ch Insp Jim Smith said: "This is a heartbreaking time for the deceased's family and they are being supported by officers at this time. "We are aware that sounds of a disturbance were heard within a block of flats in Thornhill Road and are keen to hear from anyone who was in that area during the evening of Friday 10th April and into the early hours of Saturday 11th April. "Anyone who saw or heard anything that was out of the ordinary is asked to contact Police Scotland immediately."
The traditional turkey meals are for patients, but tens of thousands of staff working on the big day will tuck in to their dinner in a hospital canteen. Across the UK, 12,000 midwives will have to time theirs around delivering 1,800 Christmas babies. At care homes in England there will be 200,000 staff sitting down to eat during a break in their shift. Lane House Residential Care Home in Tamworth will be serving turkey with all the trimmings, including roast and mashed potatoes, stuffing, carrots, parsnips, peas, sprouts and cranberry sauce, followed by Christmas pudding served with either custard or brandy sauce. After lunch there will be a 'film afternoon' for the residents, along with a buffet tea of finger sandwiches, scotch eggs, sausage rolls, pork pies and mince pies. At University College Hospital London it will be "business as usual", but with some extra Christmas magic. Ana Veloso, nursing assistant in the acute medical unit, said: "Christmas Day is extra-special. We put up decorations, the nurses wear hats and earrings, and the patients are given presents." At Alder Hey children's hospital in Liverpool. Father Christmas will be paying a visit to the ward. Val Shannon, voluntary services manager at Alder Hey, said: "Christmas should always be special for children and our staff will do everything possible to make Christmas Day as magical as possible for our patients, many of whom are very poorly. "Father Christmas will visit our wards on Christmas morning and every child in the hospital will receive a sack full of presents. "There is also a traditional Christmas lunch, prepared by our ward-based chefs and complete with Christmas crackers. We also try to ensure our patients' families have a special day too, by giving out toys to siblings and providing parents with vouchers for a free meal in the hospital restaurant."
Those were the days, by the way, when phones were for making calls but all that was about to change. “Have you got your hands on this new Apple phone for a piece to camera?” shouted a producer in London. “If not, why not?” . This appeared to be an impossible demand. Steve Jobs had just unveiled the iPhone before an adoring crowd but it was not available for grubby hacks to manhandle. Then I remembered that we had been offered - and turned down for lack of time - an interview with Apple’s marketing chief Phil Schiller. I turned around and headed back to the Moscone Centre. Having located Mr Schiller I asked whether before our interview I might just have a look at the iPhone. He graciously handed his over - and rather than trying to ring Jony Ive or order 5,000 lattes as Steve Jobs had on stage, I brandished it at the camera for my Ten O’Clock News piece. The following weekend a Sunday newspaper columnist described me as having clutched the phone as if it were “a fragment of the true cross”, and some viewers complained that the BBC had given undue prominence to a product launch. I appeared on the Newswatch programme to defend our reporting and said that some products did merit coverage because they promised a step change in the way we lived - and I mused on whether the Model T Ford would have been a story if we’d had a TV news bulletin back then. Afterwards, I rather regretted saying that - who knew whether the iPhone would really prove as revolutionary as the arrival of mass car ownership? But today that comparison does not look so outlandish. The smartphone has been the key transformative technology of the last decade, putting powerful computers in the hands of more than two billion people and disrupting all sorts of industries. One example is in the photograph at the top of this article. It’s not very good - but then again it was taken by me on a digital SLR camera. In difficult lighting conditions, I struggled to get Steve Jobs in focus on stage. Compare and contrast with a photo taken 10 years later in Las Vegas last week - it was shot on an iPhone but could just as well been captured on any high-end smartphone such as a Google Pixel, and was the work of the same incompetent photographer. This 2017 photo could be instantly shared on social media - the Steve Jobs one stayed in my SLR for days. My point is that the iPhone radically changed the way we thought about photography and a whole range of other activities we could now do on the move. Of course, there were cameras on phones before 2007, just as there were mobile devices that allowed you to roam the internet or send an email. But the genius of Steve Jobs was to realise that without an attractive user interface many people just couldn’t be bothered to do more with their phones than talk and text. So, despite my rather British distaste for the hyperbole surrounding the iPhone launch - expressed at the time in a blog - I now look back and feel grateful to have witnessed a moment in history. Other firms, notably Amazon and Google, are now taking us forward with innovative products imbued with artificial intelligence. But it was on a sunny January morning in San Francisco that the mobile connected era began.
Mr Obama asked Congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices. Ferguson in Missouri was rocked by riots after a grand jury decided not to charge a white police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man. Protests spread across the US and a mass walkout was held on Monday. Students and workers held a lunchtime protest in several cities to highlight the issue. "This is not a problem just of Ferguson, Missouri. This is a national problem, Mr Obama said. "But it's a solvable problem." The president spoke after a day of meetings with mayors, civil rights leaders and law enforcement officials at the White House. They discussed a programme that currently provides redundant US military tactical gear to local police departments, free of charge. Mr Obama said he has asked federal agencies for recommendations to ensure the programme is not building a "militarised culture" in domestic police forces. Police in Ferguson, Missouri, were criticised for being heavy-handed in dealing with protests sparked by the shooting of Michael Brown in August. The funds requested by Mr Obama would be spread over three years and some of the money will go towards purchasing 50,000 body cameras for police officers as well as resources to reform law enforcement departments. Body cameras can provide evidence of encounters between police and civilians, particularly in disputed cases such as the Ferguson shooting. The president said the stories of discrimination that young people had told him at the White House on Monday "violate my belief about what America can do". He also unveiled a taskforce on modern policing, to be chaired by Philadelphia police commissioner Charles Ramsey. Also on Monday, a commission tasked with making recommendations on issues stemming from the fatal shooting has convened in Ferguson. The 16-member panel, stood up by Missouri Governor Jay Nixon, will consider changes in areas including public interaction with law enforcement and community stability. The officer who shot Brown in Ferguson, Darren Wilson, resigned from the force over the weekend. The decision not to charge Mr Wilson days earlier triggered a nationwide debate over relations between black communities and law enforcement. The policeman said he had feared for his life. Brown's supporters said the teenager was attempting to surrender when he was shot. Some witnesses said the 18-year-old, who was unarmed, had his hands up.
Such values are ill-defined and vulnerable to misinterpretation, argued Southend head teacher, Robin Bevan. The Association of Teachers and Lecturers (ATL) voted to monitor the policing of the requirement, introduced in England by the government last year. Mr Bevan said he had concerns about how the values "might be interpreted by a future right-wing government". "When it comes to the new requirement of promoting fundamental British values, including the role of law, here is one law that I would actively encourage you to disengage from", Mr Bevan, head of Southend High School for Boys, urged the union's annual conference in Liverpool. The government brought in the requirement in the wake of the Trojan Horse allegations, which suggested there had been attempts by groups of hardline Muslims to take over schools in Birmingham. Earlier this month a committee of MPs said that apart from one incident in one school "no evidence of extremism or radicalisation was found by any of the inquiries in any of the schools involved". Requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" could have "unintended consequences", according to the text of the motion debated by the conference in Liverpool. "There is no one in this hall who would argue against the important role that schools and colleges play in promoting personal morality, in developing a sense of civic duty, in fostering engagement with our democratic structures or in embracing a wider global understanding," said Mr Bevan. He said schools and colleges had, for a long time, been required to deliver a broad and balanced curriculum addressing issues of behaviour and conduct and placing this within a developmental framework of spiritual, moral and cultural understanding. "These provisions have existed without controversy for many years and are ample and effective." He accused the rules on British values as "deeply ill-considered" and "political posturing". "In what way do fundamental British values differ, for example, from French or Swedish ones?" They change over time, with women now "allowed" the vote, said Mr Bevan. "If these fundamental British values change over time, we can hardly describe them as fundamental." But, he argued, the problem was not just one of definition. "Just take one moment to imagine how fundamental British values might be interpreted by a future right-wing government, or a partner in that government." He said he was particularly concerned that Ofsted was being asked to gauge the views of students in order to assess how how well schools actively promote these values. There had already been cases of "less-skilled inspectors" doing this in a "wholly-inappropriate way", he told journalists later. In particular he was concerned about the difference between "what is taught and what is learned", with a proportion of every class apt to misunderstand or ignore lessons, be they about trigonometry or British values. "I am not sure the government should ever be in the business of dictating values that should be taught in schools - but students should engage in those debates... plurality, that's the way it should be," said Mr Bevan.
The victim was discovered with head and facial injuries in a bedroom of the flat in Ross House, Mount Vernon, on Monday morning. The woman, who is 41, has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice. She is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
"I can't read anymore," she told the Hollywood Reporter. "I can't paint like I used to. I try to watch movies, but it's quite difficult. "But these are all of the negatives," she added. "What I can do, I do. And I somehow get by." The actress, 79, has age-related macular degeneration (AMD). The condition, which affects more than 600,000 people in the UK, is the cause of more than half of the registrations for blind and partially sighted people in the country. Dame Judi first revealed her diagnosis in 2012, noting her mother had suffered from the same condition. But even before her eyesight began to decline, the Oscar-winner said she preferred to have scripts read aloud to her, as Steve Coogan did for the Oscar-nominated Philomena. "I suppose it's the child in me," she said. "I think somebody coming around and telling you a story is irresistible." The actress said she had no plans to step away from the stage or the camera, calling retirement "the rudest word in my dictionary". "And 'old' is another one. I don't allow that in my house. And being called 'vintage'. I don't want any of those old words. "I like 'enthusiastic' and I like the word 'cut' because that means you've finished the shot." Dame Judi made her professional acting debut at the Old Vic in 1957 and was an acclaimed stage and TV actress before being cast as M in the rejuvenated James Bond franchise in 1995. Two years later, she appeared as Queen Victoria in the TV drama Mrs Brown, which was picked up by film studio Miramax and became a global box office hit. The film kick-started her Hollywood career, and the relationship with Miramax boss Harvey Weinstein brought Dame Judi her only Oscar to date, for an eight-minute cameo as Queen Elizabeth in the 1998 movie Shakespeare in Love. She has since received Academy nominations for roles in Chocolat, Iris, Mrs Henderson Presents, Notes on a Scandal and, this year, for Philomena. She is currently in India filming The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 2, but her best-known role continues to be James Bond's boss. But, after playing a pivotal role alongside Daniel Craig in Skyfall in 2012, the actress left the part behind, bequeathing it to Ralph Fiennes. "My role as M is over," she told The Hollywood Reporter, "but having had 17 years I think, probably, I would have been given the sack by MI6 already. So it's someone else's turn." On a lighter note, the star also revealed that she had, on more than one occasion, brought her pet goldfish back to life. "I've given the breath of life to [him] twice," she said. "He's now about 8 inches long - almost a full shark - and yes, twice, I breathed into his mouth. He's now called Lazarus."
It will house the town's library, a cafe, community space, and Anglesey's local history collection. Built in 1855, it was home to assembly rooms and a court. Last month, the Welsh Government successfully applied for a compulsory purchase order on the former owner of the market hall and the work is being funded by a Â£2.3m lottery grant.
With a fifth successive title win all but wrapped up, the PFA Scotland Player of the Year says thoughts are now turning to defending the crown next season. "We're fired up again for next year," Griffiths said. "We've got five in-a-row and next year we'll look at making it six." Griffiths scooped the Player of the Year prize after a season in which he has contributed 39 goals, and is humbled to be marked out by his peers as the top player in the country in this campaign. "As a professional footballer to be voted as the player of the year is the main one, you are playing against teams week in week out and for them to vote you the best player in the country is special," said the Celtic striker. "I still have {my young player award} in the house. My mum's wanting this one, but she's not getting it." Griffiths' individual displays have kept Celtic's title defence on-track this season, but failure in the cup competitions and in Europe has left many fans disillusioned with the club, and questioning the direction it is heading. Failure to qualify for the group stages of the Champions League was an early-season blow, and a winless run in the Europa League did little to appease the Celtic support. Then came a League Cup semi-final defeat to Ross County and, most painfully of all, a Scottish Cup loss at the same stage to bitter rivals Rangers. These factors combined left manager Ronny Deila feeling he had no option other than to step down at the end of the current campaign. "We were disappointing," admits Griffiths. "The European campaign wasn't great and the cup defeat against Rangers - everybody said it was a disaster but you know we played one of our worst games of the season and we drew, but got beaten on penalties which we all know is just a lottery." "{Players} could've been performing better, you know we've lost silly points in silly games. We were beaten twice by Aberdeen, we've drawn a couple of home games we didn't score in but we still managed to wrap up a league title and that's the most important thing." The list of potential candidates to succeed Deila is a long one. David Moyes, Paul Lambert, Malky Mackay, Michael O'Neill, Brendan Rodgers, Neil Lennon, Roy Keane - just some of the names that have been linked with the soon-to-be-vacant Parkhead hotseat since Deila announced he would be exiting Parkhead in the summer. Griffiths has already paid tribute to the Norwegian for coaxing out of him the best form of his career, but says a new man in the dugout represents an opportunity for every player at Celtic. "Everybody in the changing room is going to have a clean slate," said the Scotland international. "There are players in the dressing room who will be in favour and others who won't be in favour and it will be up to them to work their way back into the squad. "I've had a good season so far but a new manager coming in will have his own ideas - hopefully I'm part of that plan." The football world has been captivated by the fairytale story of Leicester City defying the odds to become Premier League champions. Aberdeen did provide a challenge for the Premiership title, but the feeling among many was that Celtic, for all their shortcomings, would have too much strength in depth over the course of the season. So it has proved, and Griffiths is pleased that another Leicester-style underdog triumph has not unfolded in Scotland. "As players we are delighted with what Leicester have achieved as it shows why football is the best sport in the world. But we don't want any underdogs winning leagues up here, we want it to be us. "Aberdeen may have run us close this year, but ultimately we want to be Scottish champions at the end of the year." Celtic can clinch the title with a point when the Dons visit Parkhead at the weekend. "The boys are buzzing, we can't wait to go out and confirm ourselves as champions on Sunday. "We know there's going to be a big crowd coming and we want to send the fans home happy. Hopefully it's three points, we only need one, but we know Aberdeen will come down and make it difficult for us." Having established himself beyond doubt as Celtic's leading forward, Griffiths' next target is to gain the same status in the Scotland team. The former Hibs striker has seven caps to his name, but has yet to establish himself in Gordon Strachan's side, more often than not finding himself behind Steven Fletcher in the pecking order. Griffiths hopes the end-of-season friendly internationals against Italy on 29 May and France on 4 June will give him a chance to prove his worth before the 2018 World Cup qualifiers kick off with a trip to Malta in September. "I'm just happy to be back in the squad now and if I get a start I'll be buzzing, if not sit on that bench and wait my turn. "We've got a lot of good strikers all vying for that one place. You've got to be playing well and in favour so hopefully come the World Cup qualifiers I'll be that man."
French President Francois Hollande expressed "deep sadness" at the death of Huguette Dupeu in a statement. Most of the dead in the raid were foreign tourists. Two of the attackers were killed by security forces. A huge march against terrorism is planned for Sunday that will finish outside the Bardo museum. President Hollande is among those expected at the event in the capital Tunis. Lyse Doucet: Tunisia's test of transition . Cradle of 'Arab Spring' under threat . The museum's planned reopening earlier this week was postponed over security concerns. Schoolchildren and students were allowed in on Friday, with the general public to be readmitted Monday. The attack, claimed by Islamic State (IS), was the deadliest in Tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of long-serving ruler Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011. Over 20 people have been arrested in connection with the attack, although just two gunmen are thought to have carried out the raid. They are said to have been trained in Libya in an area controlled by IS. The Tunisian Prime Minister, Habib Essid, has admitted "shortcomings" in the country's security system and has dismissed six police chiefs over the attack.
Ten passengers on board the bus were reported to have been killed while all four crew members survived. Local TV showed the heavily damaged Boeing 727 Allied Air plane lying across a road close to Kotoka International Airport. Ghana's airport operator said the plane, which had flown from Lagos, Nigeria, overshot the runway. It said in a statement that the four crew members were receiving treatment at an airport clinic. "The aircraft collided with a minivan, resulting in 10 confirmed fatalities," the statement added. Police and troops cordoned off the scene following the incident just after 19:00 GMT on Saturday. Ghana's Vice President John Dramani Mahama told reporters at the airport that a thorough investigation would be carried out. "No early conclusions should be drawn. We should allow investigations to arrive at the actual cause. But I can assure Ghanaians that the situation is under control," he said. Ghana Airport Company said flights were continuing as normal at the airport. Kofi Kportufe, head of Ghana's national disaster management agency, praised the emergency services for their quick response, which he said had "averted further disaster". "This is a sad day for Ghana," he said. The BBC's West Africa correspondent John James says Ghana's air safety record has been good in recent years.
The trustees of Wykeham House School in Fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt. A statement blamed falling numbers and said most children had found alternative schools. The school offered single sex teaching for both boys and girls, charging fees of up to Â£4,100 per term. Both the boys' and girls' sites are to close. Wykeham House School was established, initially as a girls' school, in 1913 and has about 120 pupils. A new boys' senior school site opened in September 2014. Its website said the school prided itself on its "small classes and nurturing environment". Chair of trustees John Charles, said: 'We are sorry to be closing the doors on such a wonderful school. "We have worked hard to explore different options to secure a future for our school but in the face of reducing pupil numbers and a shrinking market place for single sex education we have had to take the sad decision to close the school.' The school statement said it would close at the end of the autumn term.
Rolo, a chocolate Labrador, was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an RNLI lifeboat were called in, near Brixham. She was hauled up in a "dog rescue bag" on a line and reunited, uninjured, with her "very happy owners," the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) said. The agency has urged owners to keeps their dogs on leads when they are walking near cliffs. More on Rolo, the rescued Labrador, and other Devon news .
Tigers are fifth after a season of struggle which has seen them sack director of rugby Richard Cockerill. They are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish in the league for the first time since the 2003-04 season. "There's a lot more to come from this team," Murphy told BBC Leicester Sport. "Hopefully the Anglo-Welsh Cup can be the catalyst to kick on in the Premiership. There is a long way to go in the season. "I am confident we can make the top four and challenge when everyone is looking around and saying 'what are you doing here?' We can answer that emphatically." Tigers are a point behind fourth-placed Bath with five games remaining, but 11 adrift of Saracens who are third. They have lost seven of their 17 matches, but welcome respite has come in the Anglo-Welsh Cup where they beat Saracens 32-10 in Saturday's semi-final. Murphy, who is part of Aaron Mauger's backroom set-up and has been on the coaching team since retiring in 2013 after 16 seasons as a Tigers player, has taken on a leading role in this season's competition. The 38-year-old said the players fully deserved their place in the final at Twickenham Stoop. "A lot of people have been saying, 'Hold on a second. How did you guys get here? That wasn't in the script'," he said. "We have been really good so far in the competition. We have picked some young guys, some inexperienced guys and some players who haven't had a lot of field time. "We have developed a hell of a lot. We have had different styles of wins. Our opening win against Bath was really tenacious; we had to dig in and fight for everything and we won by a point. "We had a good win against Newport at home where we put some scores on and played more attractive rugby. And we had a tight win against Saints. "We went away to Saracens in the pool stages and lost, but the most impressive thing for me was that we learned the lessons from that game. We went back down there at the weekend and executed a game plan and got into the final. Our forwards had a great game. "The consistent thing from the players who have taken the field is they have been really passionate and have worked hard for each other. "One of the things we have asked of them is to be able look at each other at the end of the game and know they have given it absolutely everything. So far that has been the case."
Apart from good chefs, many restaurateurs will tell you that an excellent menu boasting many scrumptious dishes is a must. That seems like a good formula but not everyone would agree. Some Indian restaurants have relied on one signature dish to become legendary among food lovers. The BBC's Vikas Pandey profiles five such restaurants across the country. Giri Manjas has established itself as an institution in the southern coastal city of Mangalore. It's a small eatery and people have to often wait patiently for their turn to eat its signature fish fry. Seating only 25 people at a time, Giri Manjas serves around 200-300 portions of fried fish to its customers every day from 11am to 9pm. The restaurant's owner, Nandini M Pai, says the secret of the popularity of her famous dish is "freshness and love". "We always use fresh fish and spices and we still have the same cooks who started this journey with us 40 years ago. And we serve the dish with a lot of love," she says. Ms Pai adds that she has no ambition of opening more branches of her famous restaurant because "it's a tiny place for Mangaloreans and we are happy with that". To find Alamgir restaurant, you literally have to embark on a treasure hunt along the tiny winding bylanes of old Lucknow city in northern India. But the hard - and often confusing - work is worth it just for the mouth-watering taste of bund gosht, which literally translates from the Hindi as "closed meat". The owner of Alamgir Mujeeb Ahmed, 30, claims his father Rasheed Ahmed invented the famous dish in 1963. He explains that the dish is named bund gosht because "the meat, spices and herbs are mixed and then cooked in a sealed pot for hours on a low flame". However Mr Ahmed is not as forthcoming about the actual recipe, saying it is a "closely-guarded" secret. "The recipe stays in the family. I learnt how to cook it from my father when I was 10 years old," he says. This is the 16th article in a BBC series India on a plate, on the diversity and vibrancy of Indian food. Other stories in the series: . Tasting India's coveted holy sweet . The street food so good, it is waved through airport checks . The Indian state that is obsessed with beef fry . The dark history behind India and the UK's favourite drink . Why this Indian state screams for ice cream . The dosa, a crispy, savoury pancake, is a staple dish in most restaurants in southern India. But if you are trying to find one of the best dosas in in the region, do pay a visit to the city of Mysore. More than 80 years have passed since the first Mylari dosa was served in this tiny restaurant, but very little has changed, including the taste. Unlike most other dosa variants, the Mylari is moist and almost melts in your mouth. And the coconut-based chutney that accompanies the dosa also has a unique taste. But when asked what goes into making it, the proprietor M Rajashekar says "let it be a secret". The recipe was invented by his father N Mylareshwara Swamy. "Our recipe hasn't changed. My mother is 74 but she still keeps a very close eye on the ingredients to ensure that our taste remains the same," he says. The samosa, a savoury pastry often filled with potato, spices and onions, is one of the most popular street snacks and is sold in tiny shops across the country. But in the 1920s, Hari Ram gave the snack a radical twist, inventing what is now known as the "Hariram samosa". He used finely-ground spices as the filling and added some herbs to the pastry. The result was a mouth-watering dish which made the shop an instant hit in the entire region. More than 90 years later, his son, Sri Ram, continues his legacy. "Our samosas are different because you can keep them for a month, unlike normal samosas, which you have to eat on the same day," he says. But again, he refuses to reveal the recipe. "Forget the recipe and just enjoy the samosa. I will ensure that my family continues to run this shop even after I am gone and that too without changing the recipe," he says. Babu Bawarchi is a landmark for food lovers in Delhi. The humble shop has been selling its unique biryani, a one-dish meal made of rice, aromatic spices and meat, since 1967. The shop's main chef and owner, Moinudeen, says he is the fourth-generation chef of his family. "My father invented the recipe of our biryani and I learnt it when I was 12-years-old, but only after four years of hard work," he says. "Our recipe is complex and involves several stages of cooking. I don't mind sharing it with you, but you will need at least five years to master it under the watchful eyes of a senior chef," he explains. He adds that he wants to keep the shop small and humble to ensure that "everybody, rich or poor gets to taste the biryani". "If you haven't eaten biryani, you haven't lived," he says. Additional reporting by BBC Monitoring's Aditi Mallya .
Since April, convicted criminals in England and Wales have had to pay a charge of between £150 and £1,200 towards the cost of their case. MPs on the justice select committee said the charge, which is not means-tested, created "serious problems" and was often "grossly disproportionate". Ministers said it was under review. The fee is paid on top of fines, compensation orders and defendants' own legal charges, and is higher for those convicted after pleading not guilty. It is set according to the type of case, with the minimum charge for magistrates' courts and the maximum level for crown court cases. In March, the then Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said the fee would ensure that criminals "pay their way". But chairman of the cross-party committee Bob Neill said: "The evidence we have received has prompted grave misgivings about the operation of the charge, and whether, as currently framed, it is compatible with the principles of justice." He added that "in many cases it is grossly disproportionate" and created "perverse incentives - not only for defendants to plead guilty but for sentencers to reduce awards of compensation and prosecution costs". The committee's report said the lack of discretion for judges and magistrates on the level of the charge was creating "unacceptable consequences within the criminal justice system". It cited the case of a woman who had admitted stealing a four-pack of Mars Bars worth 75p, saying she "had not eaten in days" after her benefits were sanctioned. She was ordered to pay a £150 criminal courts charge on top of her £73 fine, £85 costs, a £20 victim surcharge and 75p compensation. The committee also said it was "highly sceptical" of government claims that the charges could deliver a net revenue of £80m to £160m a year by 2023 - with an annual cost of collection of about £20m and a £5m bill for imprisoning defaulters. The Ministry of Justice said the concerns were noted and the operation of the fee was being kept under review. It comes after Justice Secretary Michael Gove told Parliament earlier this month that the charge was generating revenue and helping to "ensure that the taxpayer is not the first port of call for supporting the way in which our courts operate". But Frances Crook, chief executive of the Howard League for Penal Reform, said the criminal courts charge was "unrealistic and unjust" and called on the Ministry of Justice to "suspend this policy immediately". "The innocent have been put under pressure to plead guilty, and ordering indigent people to pay money they simply do not have is never going to work," she said.
Walker, who has 27 caps and spent eight seasons at Spurs has signed a five-year deal with City. The deal, which comes to £50m including £5m of add-ons, could make him the most expensive English player ever. "I am thrilled to be signing for City and can't wait to get started," said Walker. "Pep Guardiola is one of the most respected managers in the world." Walker, who joined Spurs from Sheffield United in 2009 and made 183 Premier League appearances, added: "I feel he can help me take my game to a new level." The 27-year-old, who will wear the number two shirt, is expected to travel with City on Monday for their tour of the USA. City boss Guardiola released three full-backs at the end of last season, including both right-sided players - Pablo Zabaleta and Bacary Sagna. He missed out on the signing of free agent Dani Alves, with the Brazilian joining Paris St-Germain on Wednesday. Walker, selected in the 2016-17 Premier League team of the year, is City's third signing of the summer, after the arrivals of midfielder Bernardo Silva and goalkeeper Ederson Moraes. Walker made 31 league starts under Mauricio Pochettino last season as Tottenham recorded their highest top-flight finish since the 1962-63 season. The right-back recorded five assists for the Premier League runners-up, the joint-most for a defender in the division alongside Bournemouth's Adam Smith and Spurs team-mate Kieran Trippier, who made six of his 12 appearances from the bench. Walker also ranked highly among chances created by defenders and his 75 dribbles attempted was only less than Cherries full-back Smith (87) and Watford's Jose Holebas (88). Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker on Twitter: . Kyle Walker becomes the world's most expensive defender at £50m plus. Imagine how much he would cost if he could cross the ball. Former Spurs midfielder and Match of the Day pundit Jermaine Jenas‏ on Twitter: . I think it's great business for City. I am surprised Spurs are selling to a direct competitor. He's been a huge part of why Spurs have had one of, or the best defence in the league for two years. This content will not work on your device, please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser . This content will not work on your device, please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser . Premier League clubs' spending has already surpassed £500m since the end of last season, with Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez calling this summer's transfer window "a little bit crazy". "Every Premier League club now has more money and are willing to spend that on players," said Chris Stenson, a senior consultant from Deloitte's sports business group. "It is the wealthiest league in the world and increasing its value makes it more attractive to sponsors and commercial partners. "So far we estimate Premier League clubs have spent about £500m in the transfer window, compared with £340m at the equivalent stage last year." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Mutations of the NR5A1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men, reports the American Journal of Human Genetics. Scientists from the Pasteur Institute in France and University College London said it could help doctors investigating men with the condition. A UK expert said he hoped that further gene defects could be found. In the majority of cases, doctors can find no cause for male infertility, despite it accounting for up to half of cases in which couples have difficulty conceiving. Male infertility appears to be more common within certain families, and this leads scientists to believe that there may be a genetic root for some cases, but only a handful of gene mutations which might be responsible have actually been found. The latest research looks at a gene already known to be involved in sexual development in both men and women - defects in NR5A1 have been linked to physical defects in the development of the testicles or ovaries. Their findings suggest that, even where there is no physical evidence of a problem, defects in the gene may be hampering the ability to make sperm. They looked at the gene in 315 apparently healthy men who had an unexplained inability to produce sperm. From this group, they found mutations in the gene in just seven, and closer examination revealed the men had altered levels of sex hormones and, in one case, mild abnormalities in the cellular structure of the testicles. The research authors, from the UCL Institute of Child Health in London and the Institut Pasteur in Paris, said: "We conclude that approximately 4% of men with otherwise unexplained failure to produce sperm carry mutations in the NR5A1 gene." Although the find would affect only a small proportion of infertile men, other specialists believe that other similar discoveries could help build up a clearer picture of the origins of the condition. Dr Allan Pacey, a senior lecturer in andrology at the University of Sheffield, said that there was still "embarrassingly little" known about the genetics behind male infertility. "Given the complexity of the sperm production process it is likely that many genes are involved and therefore that may gene defects linked to infertility may be found. "Although this gene defect affects only a small number of men, we need more studies like this so that we can fill in the gaps in our knowledge and possibly one day build a robust diagnostic test for male fertility based on genetics."
It's part of the show's 30th anniversary week, so two good reasons for a party. Here are some tips on how to throw the perfect bash... It may be a poor substitute for Albert Square, but choose a character to dress up as and pop down the local market to pick your outfit. Will it be Whitney, will it be Max, will it be Ian? Whoever you pick, gold hoop earnings, plastic leather jackets, fake fur and tracksuits could be on the shopping list. You won't go far wrong with a chef's apron either. Fill your basket with cheap crisps, sweets and drinks. You may not be on first name terms with the cashier, or get into a row while you're in there, but if you try really hard you may just believe you're in the Minute Mart. For the main course, it's just got to be fish and chips. In honour of the Beale family, make it plaice. Make your guests really feel like they're stepping into Albert Square. A street sign on the front door, framed pictures of the cast around the room and the EastEnders theme tune on a loop would certainly help set the mood. If you really want to push the boat out, why not create your own Queen Vic, complete with a bar, a royal sculpture and a licence above the door? No Who Killed Lucy Beale party would be complete without some sort of competition to guess who the culprit actually is. Whoever gets the killer right, gets the prize. Yay! Sure, this may just be a bit of fun but at the heart of all this is the loss of a young woman's life (sort of). Yes, she had a history of causing trouble and getting up people's noses, but do take a minute to remember Lucy Beale. RIP Lucy, never forgotten. We are in no way condoning physical violence, but come on, no EastEnders event would be complete without a bit of a verbal bust up. After the big reveal, just let all that vent up frustration out of your system. Frowning all night and generally being a bit glum could also help you get in the mood. Have fun! In true EastEnders style, after the party, head to a trendy club around the corner. Ideally, you'll know practically everyone in there and the music will be so quiet you'll hear what the bloke at the end of the bar is saying. You'll probably get into a row with whoever's serving the drinks as well. Now you're really getting into the spirit of it. If you're nursing a sore head the next morning after all that "loud music", get down to your local greasy spoon for a fry up. And hopefully it will stop you feeling like this... Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube .
The 32-year-old right-back has been with Arsenal since the age of eight and has won nine league titles during her time at the club. Coach Pedro Martinez Losa said: "We are very pleased that Alex has signed a new contract with us. Alex is a true leader who brings so much to our team. "She shows professionalism on and off the pitch, providing a great role model for our younger players to look up to."
Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice, where he has been training since pre-season. "I would never say never," the 32-year-old said of the possibility of signing for the Scottish Premiership club. "If they came to me and were interested, I would definitely consider it." Daly spent six years at Tannadice and ended as club captain. "I am currently training at Dundee United," he told BBC Scotland. "When pre-season came about and I still hadn't got a club, I rang manager Jackie McNamara and asked if I could go in. "They are a good club with some fantastic young players. "I would never say never, but United would need to want me first." The United States appears to be a possible destination for Daly. "I am probably looking further afield than Scotland," he said. "I'm looking abroad. "At the moment, there are a few clubs interested, but they have their full forum of allocated players so they need to maybe lose one or two of them before they can move. "It is looking like January before the foreign market can come about, so I might need to get something short term until then." Daly had no regrets about his move to Rangers, who helped the Ibrox side win Scotland's third tier before dropping to the bench for much of last season in the Championship. "I was out of contract with Dundee United and at the time they were only prepared to offer a one-year contract," he said. "When I spoke to Ally McCoist, they were prepared to offer two years. "A lot of people say you are dropping down the divisions, which is a fair point, but it is going to a club of Rangers' stature, history, fan base, playing at Ibrox every second week and training at Murray Park every day. "I was just delighted to go to a club like that and play for a man that I really respected in Ally McCoist."
The listed properties on London Road were last used by the Witan International College 10 years ago. The university, which owns the buildings, and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments. Christopher Reeve of the university said the buildings "create a sense of heritage" in the town. If planning permission is granted by Reading Borough Council, restoration work will start in early 2016 and is expected to take approximately nine months.
The poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children. Durham Constabulary wants children to see officers as people who can help rather than simply law enforcers. And the force's poster has been shared more than 47,000 times and liked by almost 35,000 people on Facebook. A force spokesman said: "Children should be taught from an early age that if they feel like are in danger and they need help, they can approach an officer who will reassure them." However, the poster has divided opinion on Facebook. Jeff Rowse said: "Telling them they will go to jail if they are bad is wrong how? Surely that is the major reason for having a police force? And jails?" In response Paul Parry said: "Telling a three-year-old that if he doesn't eat his dinner the policeman will come and take him to jail isn't true and will only serve to instil fear into that child. "The police shouldn't be used to reinforce bad parenting." Others were more taken with the officer, with several people asking for him to be moved to their local force or saying they would happily go to him for help.
The patrols at Camber Sands in East Sussex will be funded with Â£51,000 allocated by Rother District Council as part of its annual budget. Councillor Sally-Ann Hart said the council needed to act after the "significant and unprecedented" deaths. Families of the men who drowned said a lifeguard service could have saved their lives. Five men died during a day-trip to the beach last August. A month earlier, two others also lost their lives. The council said the beach attracted more than one million people each year. It said lifeguards would be present from the late May bank holiday until the end of the summer holidays "to offer reassurance" to visitors. Speaking after a council meeting on Monday night, Mrs Hart, the cabinet member for tourism, said: "Our thoughts remain with the families of those who lost their lives. "The incidents were significant and unprecedented and we need to react to the changing circumstances. "We not only need to protect the visiting public, but also the economy and livelihoods of our coastal tourism businesses." However, she stressed the importance of "people from all communities across Britain being better informed" on beach and water safety before they visit. She said: "[The beach] can never be completely risk-free but we are committed to investing in our beach patrol, the lifeguard service and working with other agencies to ensure visitors to the beach are aware of the dangers of the sea." Full inquests into the deaths are awaited. The council said it would act on any recommendations the coroner might make. Five men from south-east London died on 24 August: . Two others lost their lives in July: .
It is likely to include a scrappage scheme for older diesel cars in areas with high levels of dirty air. Speed bumps could be removed in some cities to cut pollution from cars slowing down and speeding up. Environmental lawyers ClientEarth said they would "thoroughly analyse" the proposals. According to the Royal College of Physicians, air pollution across the UK is linked to around 40,000 premature deaths every year. The UK has struggled to keep within EU limits on some pollutants, particularly nitrogen dioxide (NO2), which is produced by diesel engines and is linked to a range of respiratory diseases including asthma. Some 37 of the 43 regions of the UK are in breach of NO2 limits. Under earlier government plans, some parts of the UK would not have met EU NO2 standards until 2030. The original deadline to achieve these limits was 2010. Exasperated by what they believed was government foot-dragging on the question of cleaner air, ClientEarth mounted a legal challenge to force faster action. In April 2015, the UK Supreme Court ruled the government had to take immediate steps on the issue. Unhappy with the timescales in the plan that was then produced, ClientEarth went to the High Court last November for a judicial review. Once again the court supported the lawyers, telling the government that its scheme was "woefully inadequate" and giving ministers until 24 April this year to produce a new draft. With a general election in the offing, the government last week asked the judge for permission to delay the draft plan. But Mr Justice Garnham disagreed and ordered publication by 9 May. "These steps are necessary in order to safeguard public health," he said. Earlier this week, the government said it would not appeal against the ruling and would publish. In their previous plans, ministers wanted to create "clean air zones" in five cities outside London with high levels of NO2. Only the most polluting vehicles would have to pay a charge to enter the zone under that scheme. The new draft plan is expected to create many more such zones. Councils will be given the power to impose fines or restrictions on all polluting vehicles in these areas. In the worst cities, so called "toxin taxes" could range up to Â£20 a day but the government is said to be keen not to punish drivers who bought diesels as a result of incentives brought in by a previous Labour administration. This is something that the lawyers at ClientEarth support. "Successive governments have encouraged people to buy diesel. We don't want to see diesel drivers vilified, and we think the plans should also include properly funded incentives to help people move to cleaner forms of transport," said ClientEarth CEO James Thornton. "We will thoroughly analyse the government's draft plans when they are produced. If we do not think they are in line with the court order, to deal with illegal levels of pollution as soon as possible, then we will consider our next steps." According to newspaper reports, the government has agreed to back a "targeted" scrappage scheme for older diesel cars, but limited to vehicles in areas of high pollution. There may also be funding for a retrofitting scheme to help existing diesel car and van owners cut their emissions of NO2. The government is also said to be pushing for councils to use alternatives to charging, including the removal of speed bumps in some places and the better sequencing of traffic lights in others. Both of these measures could limit cars having to slow down and speed up repeatedly, actions that can almost double the amount of NO2 produced. However, the idea that speed bumps which slow down traffic would be sacrificed to help clean up the air we breathe is not a welcome concept according to road safety charity Brake. "We ought not to be made to choose between having cleaner air and safer roads," a spokesman said. "The evidence shows that air pollution is contributing to the early deaths of thousands of people. It's now clear that there's more than one way a car can kill you." The new proposals will be out for consultation for six weeks before the government produces a final plan at the end of July. Follow Matt on Twitter and on Facebook.
It was due to be held at Queen's University in Belfast in June. In an email to delegates, the university's vice chancellor Patrick Johnston said he had made the decision on Monday that the event would not proceed. He cited concerns about the security risk for delegates and about the reputation of the university. The symposium: Understanding Charlie: New perspectives on contemporary citizenship after Charlie Hebdo, was due to be hosted by QUB's Institute for Collaborative Research in the Humanities. Twelve people died when two brothers, Said and Cherif Kouachi, fired on the journalists on 7 January at the satirical magazine's offices in Paris. Five others were killed over the two following days by one of their associates.
Walter Palmer from the state of Minnesota is believed to have paid about ??32,000 to hunt lions in the wild. Cecil, the lion he shot, was a massive tourist attraction and famous in Africa for being relaxed around humans. Mr Palmer said he thought the hunt was legal and didn't know the lion was protected. Cecil's death has prompted a huge reaction from many on social media, with tens of thousands of people signing a petition asking for Cecil's killer to be punished for what he did. Hunting lions is not illegal in Zimbabwe, and in many other countries in Africa, but hunters have to have special permits from the government allowing them to kill certain animals. Some people in Zimbabwe also argue hunting can have a positive impact. They say the money paid by tourists can be used for conservation and to create jobs for local people. I don't think people should hunt animals for sport, it's wrong and what did Cecil do to Walter in the first place? Nothing! It's not fair, money can't buy what that lion gave to us, love. If Walter can't see that he should open his eyes and see what really is important in life - money or love? Daisy, Monmouthshire, Wales . I believe that it is a cruel sport that shouldn't be done anywhere because the killing of animals will increase extinction. Even though the killing of animals is still done in certain countries I believe it is a cruel and unforgiving sport. From what has happened I believe that if anyone spends money to slay an animal they should still be arrested. In my opinion if anyone would want to pay to kill an animal I would consider them 'sick in the head'. Ellie, Leeds, England . I think it's wrong to hunt animals for sport because the hunter doesn't benefit from it and it's strange that someone gets a buzz from taking an animal's life. I know people that hunt deer but they do it for food and appreciate the fact that they've had to kill an animal to get the meat. Jake, Essex, England . It's not right to kill animals or hunt them for sport as they have a conscience and mind. They didn't do anything to harm you, so why should you harm them? Jonnie, Buckinghamshire, England . Sport is about feeling good about yourself but killing the eco-system is not a sport especially when a vital animal is killed. Honor, London, England . It is certainly not right to hunt animals for sport. How would the hunters feel if a lion chased after them with a weapon (or, of course, without - those teeth can be deadly anyway)? They'd be scared, stressed, and worried. These animals all have a family to go back to, just like us humans do. We can't keep thinking we're the only living things on Earth that matter. Amy, United Kingdom .
The petition calls on the EU and its member states to stop the talks on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership or TTIP. It also says they should not ratify a similar deal that has already been done between the EU and Canada. It says some aspects pose a threat to democracy and the rule of law. One of the concerns mentioned in the petition is the idea of tribunals that foreign investors would be able to use in some circumstances to sue governments. There is a great deal of controversy over exactly what this system, known as Investor State Dispute Settlement, would enable companies to do, but campaigners see it as an opportunity for international business to get compensation for government policy changes that adversely affect them. This kind of provision exists in many bilateral trade and investment agreements. Friends of the Earth have published new research on the impact they have had on EU countries. Information about these cases is not always made public, but the group says that going back to 1994, foreign investors have sought compensation of almost €30bn (£24bn) from 20 states. Where the results are known (a small minority of the total), the tribunals have awarded total compensation of €3.5bn (about £2.8bn). In Britain, the possible implications of this provision for the National Health Service have been especially controversial. Campaigners believe that the investor tribunals would make it harder to reverse any decisions to contract services out to international healthcare firms. John Hilary of War on Want said: TTIP "will make it impossible for any future government to repeal the Health & Social Care Act and bring the NHS back into public hands". The petition lists a number of other areas where its signatories believes European standards would suffer if the TTIP negotiations are completed and the Canada deal is ratified: employment, social, environmental, privacy and consumer protection. The European Commission says the EU will not have to sacrifice its high standards. It also says investor protection provisions are important for investment flows and have in general worked well. But it accepts there is a need for improvement and is trying to achieve that in its bilateral negotiations. The petition has been organised as an exercise called a European Citizens' Initiative which can lead to a public hearing in the European Parliament and require the European Commission to give a formal response explaining why it is accepting or rejecting what the petitioners call for. The European Commission has already said that the petition doesn't qualify as such an Initiative. Campaigners have launched a legal challenge to this decision.
But after losing their opening home fixture, 40 overs of play were possible before the weather closed in. It was dominated by Tom Westley and Cook following the loss of Nick Browne. Their unbroken stand of 128 in 37 overs, with the stylish Westley making an unbeaten 70, fully justified Essex's decision to bat first, reaching 144-1. He was the more aggressive batsmen, reaching his half century off 64 balls to brighten a gloomy, drizzly day. It was the sixth successive first-class match in which he has passed 50, starting with his appearance for the MCC in Abu Dhabi against county champions Yorkshire in March. England Test captain Cook, who has already scored two centuries this season against Gloucestershire and Sussex, hit seven fours and a six off England team-mate Moeen Ali as he completed a more sedate fifty off 112 balls. Rain and bad light meant the loss of the entire afternoon session following a morning session in which Worcestershire's New Zealand international fast bowler Matt Henry went for 11 off his first over before quickly claiming the only wicket to fall when he had Browne caught behind. Worcestershire assistant coach Matt Mason told BBC Hereford & Worcester: . "It was a frustrating day to watch as a coach because I know anything we do isn't through lack of effort. "But we didn't quite have our discipline with us this morning and probably over-pitched and were a little bit on the full side with deliveries at times. "Credit to them in some ways in trying to get those wickets early but they just didn't quite get it right and it cost us momentum really." Essex head coach Chris Silverwood: . "We were delighted to win the toss. We got off to a good start. It is essential if you want to capitalise when you have won the toss. "We have got ourselves in a reasonable position. I won't count any chickens yet. There is still along way to go. "But hopefully we can restart tomorrow morning and build on the start the guys at the top of the order have given us and see where that takes us."
The charity said tests confirmed all of the cats near Victor Avenue, in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, had ingested the toxic substance. In the most recent case, seven-month-old Meereen died on Monday. An RSPCA spokesman said it was unclear whether the poisonings were accidental or deliberate. Updates on this story and more from Leicestershire . Three other cats in the area have died in the last seven days, while another cat died two weeks ago. Meereen's "devastated" owner, Adria Pearce, said the cat came home on Friday evening and "seemed to be shivering a little". "I haven't been able to stop crying since she died," she said. "We found her behind the sofa, where she was foaming from the mouth and trying to be sick." Meereen was taken to the vets - where it was confirmed she had consumed antifreeze - and died three days later. RSPCA inspector, Andy Bostock, is appealing for everyone in the area to ensure pesticides and chemicals were stored safely. "We are very concerned," he said. "It is the time of year where people use antifreeze in their cars, so if you do, please make sure there are no leaks and any spills are cleaned up properly."
According to Radio-Canada, officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show Cavalia were staying on 14 July. The public broadcaster said officials made a number of arrests and two Canadians remain in prison. A spokesperson for Cavalia said they were trying to arrange for two employees to return to Canada. "This is a private matter. All I can tell you is that recently, Chinese representatives have contacted us to ask if we were willing to buy airplane tickets to quickly repatriate them in Canada, and of course we are," spokesperson Eric Paquette told the BBC. "At this point, our hope is that the repatriation process unfolds rapidly." Global Affairs Canada said it is providing consular services to two citizens who were detained in Beijing. "Consular services are being provided to two Canadians who were detained in Beijing, China, as well as to their families," said a spokesperson for the department. "Consular officials are in contact with local authorities to gather additional information. "Due to privacy considerations, we are unable to provide further information on this matter." Cavalia was created in 2003 by one of the co-founders of Cirque de Soleil, and has been described as "equestrian ballet". It has been performing in Beijing since April and even planned to build a permanent theatre in Hangzhou. China's drug laws are very strict, and trafficking large amounts of drugs can lead to a death sentence. Even minor drug crimes can lead to an arrest or deportation. In 2014, China banned several celebrities caught using drugs from performing on state media.
Carwyn Jones told The Guardian newspaper that people's "sense of disengagement with Brussels" could attach itself to London after Brexit. The UK government said it will trigger the Article 50 process on March 29. Mrs May, visiting Swansea, promised to seek the "best possible deal" that would work for everyone across the UK. Mr Jones told The Guardian the prime minister had a "tin ear" on matters of devolution. He warned the future of the UK could be under threat if the UK government did not listen to the other administrations. "If they are not careful, people's sense of disengagement with Brussels will simply attach itself to London," he said. "They are giving the impression sometimes that they do not listen. "And what kind of message is that to the people of Wales?" Amid calls in Scotland for a second referendum on independence, the first minister said Wales needed to see a "dividend" for his government's continued support of a United Kingdom. "Otherwise people in Wales are going to start saying, well, the government is listening to the Scots, we need to be like them," he said. "And that's a dangerous path for the UK." Last week, Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced her intention to seek approval for a second independence referendum, to be held between Autumn 2018 and Spring 2019. Mr Jones met Mrs May in her visit to Swansea on Monday, during which she also signed the Â£1.3bn Swansea Bay Region city deal. Following the meeting, the first minister said the talks had been "constructive". "It was made clear that Welsh interventions had helped change and strengthen the UK positions on transition arrangements and on workers' rights," Mr Jones said. He called for more "partnership working" in the vein of the city deal as Article 50 approaches. Mrs May said she wanted to get "the best possible deal for the United Kingdom that works for everyone across the United Kingdom". She said the objectives included a "good free trade deal" and co-operation on matters such as security. Later in the afternoon, Mr Jones warned the assembly's constitutional and legislative affairs committee there could be Supreme Court challenges if the UK government took back powers from Europe and then decided which were to be devolved. "I think that's wrong," he said. "That's not the way we read our devolution settlement. It is the way that many in the UK government see it." He also told the committee, meeting in Newport, that it was "not always clear" that the Wales Office had "much influence" within the UK government.
Ospreys players Olly Cracknell, De Kock Steenkamp, Dan Baker, Dafydd Howells and Sam Parry joined collectors in Baglan Moors on Tuesday. The players said it was to show their commitment to the "Ospreylian community". Last week they took part in collections in Swansea and Bridgend. Cracknell said: "It was an early start but a great work-out for us this morning. "A huge thanks to the recycling teams for showing us the ropes, they do a great job every day and we've enjoyed getting involved and giving a hand."
Media playback is not supported on this device . The Blues boss says his side have "almost" won the Premier League title after their 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge moved them 10 points clear at the top. United dominated possession and had more chances than the league leaders. Mourinho said: "We prepared for it to be like this. It was the game we wanted and expected." Chelsea will be champions if they win at Arsenal and Leicester in their next two matches, having beaten third-placed United with a first-half goal from Eden Hazard. Visiting manager Louis van Gaal said it was his side's "best display of the season" but Mourinho insists it was part of the game plan. "It was difficult, but less than you think," he said. "Control their direct football to Marouane Fellaini and control the wingers from making crosses on the inside foot. "When we know Wayne Rooney plays in midfield, we control his progression into the box. Control set-pieces and don't give away direct free-kicks as they have three specialists. "Wait for a mistake and score a goal. We were able to make their important players disappear. Nobody saw them. They were in our pockets." United went into the match knowing they needed to win for the first time in five league visits to Chelsea to have any realistic hope of winning the title. But, despite big celebrations at the end of the match, Mourinho was careful to point out his side are not champions yet. "We are not celebrating," he said. "Football is not about 'ifs' and 'almosts', it is about mathematics. When it is done, it is done, and until that moment we don't celebrate. "The celebration is because we have beaten one of the biggest clubs in the world. The celebration is because they have everything to win that game and the result is because of the work they did all week to prepare for this game. "I feel we are almost there but there are no 'almosts' in football."
Police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour. He is understood to be among those pictured in a recent police CCTV images appeal. Several appeals for information were made after toilets were vandalised at the game and offensive effigies of Rangers fans were hung from the stands. The match, which Celtic won 5-1, took place at Celtic Park on 10 September.
The sculpture, depicting a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape, was crowned winner of the Cornwall Beach Games sandcastle competition. But Devon and Cornwall Police was criticised after boasting officers tweeted about their victory. Labour councillor Hannah Toms said some would find it "very offensive". The force said it was a "fun event" and officers had not intended to cause any offence. Ms Toms acknowledged officers had intended to be "light-hearted" but said the sandcastle "somewhat misses the mark and is in a bit of poor taste". "I like a joke as much as the next person but this is a family beach event," she said. "As a parent I would not be very happy to explain to my child what it was all about. "It's trivialising quite a serious matter." Ms Toms added: "I think there's a level of sexual stereotyping with the large bottom and the large breasts. Police have been working really hard to break down barriers on reporting sex crimes and I don't think this image really helps their cause." Reaction on social media was mixed, with some defending the sandcastle. Hazel Jago said on Facebook: "So it's a team of police officers representing the type of work they deal with. What's the problem!? There is always someone that will whinge about something." Lorraine Lardon said: "People need an injection of humour." A spokesman for Devon and Cornwall Police said: "If any offence has been cause by the nature of the sculpture, this was never intended and we apologise for that."
It is being performed at Curve theatre in Leicester, the city where Townsend lived and where the book is set. The writer worked on the musical before her death last April and her family have given their blessing to the production going ahead. There will be more than 30 performances over the next four weeks. The author's family were at Curve for the opening night. Her husband, Colin Broadway, said his wife had been "thrilled" to be working on the musical during 2012-14. The role of Adrian is being shared by Lewis Andrews, Sebastian Croft, Joel Fossard-Jones and Toby Murray. The roles of Pandora, Nigel and Barry are each being shared by three actors. This has meant everything has needed rehearsing four times. Executive producer Chris Stafford said: "For us this is something that is the culmination of three and a half years' worth of work, but also we really hope it to be a fitting tribute to Sue, that will really introduce Adrian Mole hopefully to a new generation of audiences."
The boy, named locally as Reggie, was attacked at a house in Falkland Road at about 04:15 BST. He was taken to hospital where he later died. Police said the small terrier dog had been removed from the address and was likely to be destroyed. Northumbria Police said a 30-year-old man had been arrested in connection with the incident. A family member, who did not want be identified, said the baby's mother - named locally as Maria Blacklin - was not in the house when the youngster was attacked. The man said the baby's mother never left her son alone with the dog and she was devastated by what had happened. A neighbour said the baby was a "lovely bairn". She said: "They're all right [the family], they're no bother and his wife, she looks after them bairns, she was over the moon with her little boy. "It's a shock more than anything else, I cannot get over it. It's shocking." Flowers have been laid against the front wall of the house, along with cards bearing messages of support. Superintendent Gillian Mitchell said: "As you can appreciate, we have concerns with regards to the care of the child at the time this incident occurred. "They [the family] are absolutely devastated as you would imagine, it's tragic to lose a child at any stage, but in these circumstances it is just unbelievable. "They are receiving support... it is a very difficult time, the officers attending the scene this morning were faced with quite a significant incident to deal with. "It's a tragic isolated incident and our thoughts are with the family and friends of the baby and indeed our officers who have dealt with this incident." Police said additional officers were in the area to provide reassurance to support the public during an "horrendous time in the community". A police car remains parked directly outside the front of the property. Police said the family's dog posed no threat to the wider public and is now in secure kennels. More than 200,000 people a year are estimated to be bitten by dogs in England, according to research for the British Medical Journal. Since 2005, 22 people have been killed by dogs in the UK, 12 of them children, according to the Office for National Statistics. Everybody you speak to in this quiet tree-lined street knows the family of little Reggie. His proud mum had introduced him to their neighbours in recent days. They also knew the family had a dog, a small terrier which they believed had a good temperament. It obviously didn't. Those same neighbours have spent the afternoon leaving flowers outside the three week old baby's home - many of them in tears. "He was a bonny little lad", one of them remarked. A relative came by to tell us the terrier dog was usually kept in a brick outhouse at night. He couldn't understand why the dog was in the house. He also told us the dog was always well behaved around the other children in the home. The animal is now being kept in secure kennels while police continue their investigation. Meanwhile, a family is trying to come to terms with the loss of their new born child in such horrific circumstances.
Forensic expert Susan Williamson was giving evidence at the trial of William Burns and Alexander Porter, who deny attacking Russell Findlay. The High Court in Glasgow heard she examined a jacket, mail bag, a knife and a jar that had contained acid. The jury was told DNA matching Mr Burns was found on the jacket. Prosecutor Richard Goddard asked Miss Williamson: "When you examined the jacket you obtained a DNA profile which matched William Burns," and she replied: "Yes." Ms Williamson told the court that she also examined the handle of the knife found at the scene and said the major DNA contributor was Mr Porter. The court was told the odds on the DNA belonging to anyone else not related to the men was a billion to one. Defence counsel Susan Duff, representing Mr Porter, said: "There are a number of ways DNA could have got there," and Ms Williamson said: "Yes." As well as working for the Sun newspaper, Mr Findlay is the author of books about Glasgow crime gangs. Mr Findlay has already given evidence alleging that a man claiming to be a postman came to his door at 08:30 on 23 December 2015. The journalist said the man, whom he identified as Burns, threw liquid onto the right side of his face and right eye. The jury has heard from an eye specialist that Mr Findlay's sight could have been saved by a neighbour dousing is face with water. Mr Burns, 56, and Mr Porter, 48, also deny attempting to murder Ross Sherlock by shooting at him repeatedly near St Helen's Primary School in Bishopbriggs on 24 September 2015. The trial before Judge Sean Murphy QC continues.
And it's tucked away for a very good reason. Inside, your senses are greeted by the smell of rotting dog food, the buzz of blowflies and the purple UV light of the fly killer ready to zap escapees. This is where the museum's forensic entomologists breed different species of fly in a bid to help the police solve crimes. Museum scientist Amoret Whitaker is one of just three forensic entomologists in the UK who regularly works with the police to determine the time of death of a corpse. "As soon as a person dies, their body starts to decompose and they give off specific odours. These different chemical signals are very very attractive to insects. And in the inital stages it's especially blowflies." "So when someone dies, fairly soon, it could be within minutes blowflies are attracted to the body and they will start laying eggs immediately. These will hatch into larvae or maggots and the developmental cycle will continue." "You get a lot of male blowflies hanging around, sitting on plants around the body, waiting for suitable female mates." And it is this cycle of life and death that is critical in helping the police when they are uncertain of the timing of someone's death. By understanding the "succession" rates or the speed of growth of flies, from an egg to the larval then adult stage she and her colleagues can determine the likely time that person died. But scientists only have developmental data on perhaps half of the twelve or so species of fly that are regulary found on dead bodies. By breeding them in "captivity" under different temperature conditions they can get more accurate information about the timing of their growth and so the process of death. The accuracy of that timing depends partly on how long the body has been decomposing. If she can get to see a corpse within days of its death, when that person died can be worked out to an accuracy within hours. But, if the body has lain undiscovered for weeks, or even months, then the precision of timing can be narrowed to a matter of days. This timing can even be used to help determine whether a suspicious death should be treated as murder. "In some cases of assault, if someone has been seen leaving a pub after a fight say, then that person is found dead a few days later, if we can determine when they died to a matter of hours, we can help establish whether the person died from the assault or other causes." The time of year can dramatically affect how a body decomposes. In one case Amoret and colleagues were involved in, a man disappeared in November but his body was not discovered until the following February. One pathologist report suggested the body had been dead for just a few weeks. In fact because he had died in winter his body had effectively been "mummified". The critical evidence came from Calliphora vicina, a bluebottle blowfly often found on dead bodies. C vicina grows all year round but in winter its development slows right down. While it remains alive, it becomes inactive at temperatures below 1C. This peculiarly slow rate of development meant Amoret and colleagues could prove the man had died months ago rather than weeks. The man had left a pub, taken a short-cut home then slipped and broken his neck. The police regularly use Amoret and her colleagues' expertise. "We can go two months with nothing but then be asked to help with six cases in a couple of weeks." "It's rare that our evidence is used in court. It's more common that we give police a time window and they can then gather further evidence." Forensic entomology can even be used in cases of burnt bodies, as insects may still be found, feeding within the body cavities. If a cadaver has been burnt this makes estimating time of death difficult for the pathologist. Between working with police in the UK and research at the Natural History Museum, Amoret also works at the anthropology department at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville. There she compares the decomposition of dead pigs and human cadavers. Some people have nicknamed this place the "body farm". In the summers of 2008 and 2009 she compared the decomposition of three pigs and three human cadavers. Her research isn't finalised but initial results are positive, confirming that pigs are a good model for how a human corpse decays. "The same species of insects are attracted during the same time periods to both types of cadaver. Large numbers of blowflies from days 1-5, fewer on days 6-7, and a large drop from day eight onwards," she told BBC News. She also says this research will be very useful for all cases where insect evidence is used. "This work will have a big impact when it's published, for forensic entomologists all over the world. As it will show that pigs are a good model for humans, and therefore all the data gathered using pig cadavers can be applied to cases involving human cadavers." Amoret Whitaker is just one of the scientists demonstrating their research at the one night only event "After Hours: Science Uncovered" at the Natural History Museum on Friday 24th September between 1600 and 2200 .
Northampton's North has a hamstring injury while Leinster's Henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle. Both were injured during Tuesday's 31-31 draw with Hurricanes. Neither featured in the Lions' opening Test defeat and they will leave the tour party after Saturday's second Test in Wellington. Media playback is not supported on this device . North, 25, starred with two tries in three Test appearances when the Lions beat Australia 2-1 in the 2013 series. Henshaw, 24, was on his first Lions tour, having played 29 times for Ireland. Lions coach Warren Gatland said: "It's unfortunate with Robbie doing the pectoral muscle, which puts him out so he's heading back to Ireland - I think he has an operation on Monday. "And then George with the hamstring as well. It's unfortunate for him and his tour is over as well." However, Gatland says the Lions have been "lucky" overall. Scotland full-back Stuart Hogg was first to leave the tour after suffering a facial injury in their third tour game. He was followed by Wales back-rower Ross Moriarty, who succumbed to a back problem. The Lions lost the series opener 30-15 in Auckland, and go into the second Test in Wellington on Saturday with captain Sam Warburton coming in on the flank. Gatland has also brought in Johnny Sexton at fly-half with Owen Farrell moving to inside centre.
Theresa May said EU leaders' remarks showed it was "absolutely right" for the UK not to have acted unilaterally. EU Council president Donald Tusk has said there can be no "reciprocal" deal on expats until formal talks begin. He was responding to criticism from Tory politicians who accused EU figures of "standing in the way" of a deal. Replying to a question in the Commons from Conservative MP Peter Lilley, Mrs May said she hoped the issue would be examined early during the Brexit negotiations, which cannot begin until she has triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. The PM said it was "right" to give reassurance to both sets of citizens, adding: "But I think the reaction that we've seen shows why it was absolutely right for us not to do what the Labour Party wanted us to do, which was simply to give away the guarantee to rights of EU citizens here in the UK, because as we've seen that would've left UK citizens in Europe high and dry." The letter from 81 mostly Conservative MPs and peers called for a speedy resolution and pointed the finger at EU Brexit negotiators for holding up a deal. It said members of the European Commission appeared "worryingly indifferent" for British and EU citizens and called for discussions to "move forward quickly". "People are not bargaining chips," it said. "Human being are not cards to be traded 'tit for tat' in a political playground." In response, Mr Tusk said their criticism had "nothing to do with reality". He said the vote for Brexit - not the stance taken by EU negotiators - had created "anxiety and uncertainty", saying the best way to "dispel the fears and doubts of all the citizens concerned" was to trigger Article 50, which begins a two-year negotiation process. The EU was ready to begin talks as soon as Article 50 was triggered, he said. There have been calls from some MPs for the government to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals in the UK, but ministers have said this must form part of a deal with other member states for Britons living overseas. In the House of Lords, Home Office Minister Baroness Williams of Trafford quoted Mrs May's comment from PM's questions and said the "only circumstances" in which it would not be possible to protect the status of EU nationals in the UK would be if "British citizens' rights in the other EU member states were not protected in turn". The government's stance was criticised by Lib Dem Baroness Ludford, who said there was cross-party support for a unilateral commitment from the government. This would be the "morally right thing to do" she said, adding that the 27 other EU member states would then find it impossible not to match the UK's offer.
A San Francisco judge has placed January's executive order in limbo, but the White House is vowing to appeal. San Francisco and Santa Clara County sued in February. The Trump administration has warned so-called sanctuary cities they could lose federal funds if they do not co-operate with federal immigration officials. On Tuesday, Judge William Orrick issued a temporary injunction against the presidential order as the case continues in the courts. "It's the 9th Circuit going bananas," White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said, in reference to the San Francisco-based appeals court, which conservatives often accuse of liberalism. Mr Trump's measure cast doubt on the transfer of some $1.2bn (Â£940m) for San Francisco and $1.7bn to Santa Clara County, home to many Silicon Valley communities. It is another legal defeat for President Trump in his efforts to curb immigration - his plan to curtail travel from seven Muslim-majority nations was twice blocked in federal courts. Lawyers for the federal government had argued in the sanctuary cities case that only funding related to law enforcement would be withheld. But Judge Orrick said any doubt about the scope of the "vague" order was erased by public comments made by President Trump, such as those calling the measure a "weapon" to use against jurisdictions that disagree with his immigration policies. He accused the Trump administration of a "schizophrenic approach" to the order. The 49-page court ruling added that the plaintiffs challenging President Trump's order are likely to succeed in proving the order unconstitutional. "Federal funding... cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the President disapproves," the judge wrote. However, Judge Orrick's ruling allowed the justice department to follow through with threats made to nine cities last week to cut specific programme grants if they do not adequately co-operate with federal immigration officers. In a press release last week, the department accused sanctuary cities of "crumbling under the weight of illegal immigration and violent crime". There are several sanctuary cities across the US, including Mr Trump's home of New York. New York's Mayor Bill de Blasio praised Tuesday's ruling, saying the president went beyond his authority to cut funding to cities that "don't share his illogical and unconstitutional desire to scapegoat immigrants". Trump starts a 'sanctuary city' war with liberal America .
Supported by 89 from Steven Mullaney, Root hit two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first List A century, as Notts recovered from 92-4 to reach 303-6. Jonathan Trott hit 14 fours in his 104, his 21st limited-overs century. But the holders fell short on 293-9 to lose by 10 runs, a third straight loss. Warwickshire needed 49 from the last five overs as the pressure mounted, and after Rikki Clarke and Keith Barker both holed out, that became 16 needed off the last over, bowled by Luke Fletcher, but two run-outs sealed the hosts' fate. Bears captain Ian Bell made 51, but he was the second of three victims for Mullaney, who crucially accounted for Trott, no sooner than the former England batsman had reached three figures - for the fourth time in his last 10 One-Day Cup innings. After starting their defence of the trophy with an impressive 10-wicket win against Warwickshire, the Bears' third straight defeat now leaves them second bottom in North Group ahead of Sunday's visit of winless Lancashire. Notts climb to fourth in the group, three points behind leaders Worcestershire, ahead of Sunday's home fixture against Leicestershire at Welbeck Colliery. Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott told BBC WM: . "We lost our way a little bit with the bat and lost too many wickets at crucial times, including myself. I shouldn't have got out when I did. "If I had got a few more runs, 120 or 130, it would have been a lot easier for the rest of the guys coming in. "Mullaney and Root batted well to get them up to a defendable total but the disappointing thing is that we had chances in the game to close it out and win it and unfortunately we couldn't do it." Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root told BBC Radio Nottingham: . "The century just snuck up on me really. I wasn't thinking about it. It was just a question of trying to score as many runs as possible. "There were a lot of high-fives in the dressing-room which was nice. I haven't checked my messages yet but I am sure there will be one from Joe. "It's nice to be selected for the start of a competition and then it's your job to try to contribute and I am happy to have done so. It's a great dressing-room to be in at the moment. Everyone is in such a good place."
Donald Skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the Taj Madina Mosque in Victoria Road last December. Skene, 38, was ordered to complete 156 days of the unexpired portion of his jail term for breaching his licence. He was also sentenced to a year's supervision following his release. Dundee Sheriff Court was told Skene shouted: "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers", to the Muslim congregation after being arrested. In CCTV footage shown to the court, Skene was seen entering the mosque's wash room and wandering around crying, as members of the congregation prepared to enter the prayer room. Depute fiscal Charmaine Gilmartin the court: "His behaviour is bizarre - attempts are made to try and calm him down." Skene is then seen running in circles around the prayer room as worshippers speak to him. Mrs Gilmartin said: "There are various religious texts in glass frames around the room. "The accused punches some of them and latterly headbutts them. "He had entered using Islamic greetings, and when he was arrested he refers to members of the congregation as brothers and shouts 'I'm white but I'm one of you'." Ross Donnelly, defending, said: "He is very apologetic." Skene admitted charges of breach of the peace and resisting arrest. Allegations that the offence was religiously aggravated were deleted by the Crown. The court was told Skene had already spent 10 weeks on remand for the offence.
More than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown which was triggered after the two houses of Congress did not agree on a new budget. Hyundai said affected employees who currently own its vehicles will be given a payment relief "for as long as they are out of work". Employees looking to buy a new car will be given a 90-day payment deferral. "We recognize the impact on family budgets that the furlough will drive," John Krafcik, chief executive of Hyundai Motor America, said in a statement. Hyundai had offered a similar scheme, the Hyundai Assurance programme, during the peak of the global financial crisis four years ago to help consumers who had lost their jobs. Many analysts have said that the move had helped the South Korean firm win customer loyalty and boosted its sales in recent years. The company said that its latest offer to help the federal employees was an addition to that programme and aimed at "helping workers at a time when they most need it". "Like we did almost four years ago when we launched Hyundai Assurance, this is our way of saying 'We've got your back' during this uncertain time," Mr Krafcik said. Under the latest offer, Hyundai will extend all auto loan and lease payments during the shutdown for current Hyundai owners who are put on unpaid leave. The programme is available to all customers who have financed their purchase or lease through Hyundai Finance America.
Former Dons midfielder Sheerin, 39, has been player-manager at the Red Lichties since 2010 and replaces Neil Cooper at Pittodrie. Arbroath were relegated to Scottish League Two after finishing season 2013-14 bottom of League One. Aberdeen chief executive Duncan Fraser said boss Derek McInnes chose Sheerin after "a comprehensive process". Speaking on the club's website, Fraser added: "Despite wishing to retain Paul's services, Arbroath chairman John Christison was good to deal with and completely appreciated Paul's desire to come back to Aberdeen." Sheerin played for several Scottish clubs and also featured for Östersunds in Sweden before moving into coaching. He won a Scotland Under-21 cap in in the mid-1990s. Sheerin guided the Arbroath to their first national trophy in their history by winning the Scottish Third Division title and promotion in 2011.
The victims all worked at the plant 100km (62 miles) east of Porto. The factory's owner was among the dead and several members of his family were either dead or missing, said local mayor Francisco Lopes. Some of the victims were found outside the factory, apparently propelled from the building by the force of the blast. An initial explosion happened shortly after 17:30 (16:30 GMT) on Tuesday, followed by two more blasts, reports said. Five bodies were found late on Tuesday and emergency workers found a sixth victim some 200m (650ft) from the site, minister Jorge Gomes told Portuguese media. The search was being extended to a radius of 800m, he added, because of the scale of the explosion. The factory was described as a family business. As investigators tried to identify the victims, the mayor said that almost all of the eight caught up in the blast were members of Egas Sequeira's family. Mr Sequeira was among those feared dead along with one of his daughters and a son-in-law, Portuguese media said. The owner's wife had left the building just before the explosion and survived but two other family members were among the missing. Officials were initially unable to enter the site because of the potential risk to their safety. Portuguese President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa was due to visit the scene on Wednesday.
Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires. The series of fast-spreading fires, mostly in Chile's central region, are being fanned by strong winds, high temperatures and a prolonged drought. One town, Santa Olga, has been destroyed by the blaze.
The first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the Royal Prerogative to create the role for former BBC journalist David Gordon. Mr Gordon edited the BBC's Nolan Show. The Newsletter has discovered the law was changed using the highly unusual procedure to enable the post to be filled without being advertised. The Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt, who is the leader of the Opposition at the Northern Ireland Assembly, said he was not made aware of the move. Jim Allister, leader of the Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV), accused First Minister Arlene Foster and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness of "flagrantly breaching due process". "How many spin doctors does Stormont need? They already have 161," Mr Allister told the Newsletter. "How ironic that the latest appointee is the very person who hitherto would have railed against and exposed the contrived process by which he was appointed." When contacted by the BBC, Mr Gordon said he could not comment on the issue. A spokesperson for the Northern Ireland Executive Office said: "It is normal practice in politics in London and Dublin as well as other devolved governments for ministers to select the people who provide them specialist communications advice. "Those trying to throw dirt know that very well. "The appointment of the executive press secretary is in full accordance with the powers at the disposal of the first minister and deputy first minister and they make this Order under the powers conferred on them by section 23 (3) of the Northern Ireland Act 1998." The office's spokesperson described the reaction from opposition politicians as "panic and hysteria". Mr Gordon is also a former Belfast Telegraph journalist and following his appointment on Tuesday, the first and deputy first ministers expressed delight. They said they wanted their new press secretary to provide them with expert advice and spearhead the communication of Stormont's policies. However, the method used to hire him has raised questions from serving and former public appointments commissioners. The current public appointments commissioner Judena Leslie has written to the head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service over the appointment. In a statement on Friday, she said: "It is in the public interest that the principles of openness and transparency are adhered to."
Thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the Great Pyramid. Officials said possible causes included the existence of empty areas inside the pyramid, internal air currents, or the use of different building materials. It comes as experts search for hidden chambers within the pyramids. The tombs of the pharaohs Khufu (Kheops), Khafre (Khephren) and Menkaure (Mycerinus) were built in the Fourth Dynasty, about 2613-2494BC. A team of architects and scientists from Egypt, France, Canada and Japan used infrared thermography to survey the pyramids during sunrise, as the sun heats the limestone structures from the outside, as well as at sunset when they cool down. In a statement, the Egyptian antiquities ministry said the experts had "concluded the existence of several thermal anomalies that were observed on all monuments during the heating-up or the cooling-down phases". "To explain such anomalies, a lot of hypotheses and possibilities could be drawn up: presence of voids behind the surface, internal air currents," it added. An "particularly impressive" anomaly was found at ground level on the eastern side of the Great Pyramid, also known as the Pyramid of Khufu, the statement said. "The first row of the pyramid's stones are all uniform, then we come here and find that there's a difference in the formation," Antiquities Minister Mamdouh al-Damati said as he showed reporters the three stones showing higher temperatures. Other thermal anomalies were detected in the upper half of the Great Pyramid. The structure will be the subject of further investigation during the Operation Scan Pyramids project, which began on 25 October and is expected to last until the end of 2016.
Their remains were found in a single grave in Coghalstown, County Meath, in the Republic of Ireland in June. Mr McKee's sisters said they were glad that 43 years after his death they can bury him with their mother. The Disappeared are victims murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Northern Ireland conflict. Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright were both IRA members who were abducted and murdered by the organisation in 1972. Their bodies were found unexpectedly during a search for another of the Disappeared, Joe Lynskey. After the official identification, Mr McKee's sisters, Maria and Philomena, told the BBC: "It is bittersweet news that our brother's remains have been identified. "The news has hit us with the shock of reality, even though we were expecting it. "We are so so glad that, after 43 years, he will now be buried with our mother who never recovered from his disappearance." Over the past 16 years, the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains (ICLVR) has searched for 16 people who were officially listed as the Disappeared. The remains of 12 of the victims have been recovered and formally identified to date. In a joint statement, ICLVR commissioners, Sir Ken Bloomfield and Frank Murphy, said they had received the results from DNA samples. "The results positively indicate that the remains are those of Seamus Wright and Kevin McKee," the statement said. "Dr Brian Farrell, coroner for the City of Dublin, has accepted this as evidence of identification and will shortly authorise the release of the remains to the families." Sinn FÃ©in leader Gerry Adams said the news would "bring an end to the uncertainty for the McKee and Wright families". "I want to appeal again for anyone with any information on those remains still not found to bring that information forward to the families, to the commission or myself," he said.
A recent programme in Algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a renowned communist novelist into believing he had been arrested for "atheism and espionage". During the segment, 75-year-old Rachid Boudjedra was forced by fake police officers to repeat the Islamic proclamation "God is Greatest" and utter the two Islamic testimonies of faith. The programme, called We Got You was later suspended amid a wave of criticism from civil society. TV has become an important part of the Islamic holy month, and broadcasters will often commission special programmes to draw audiences in as they break their fast in the evening. Prank TV shows have risen in popularity, but have also earned criticism in recent years for taking things too far. Egyptian actor Ramez Galal has established himself as a major TV prankster, with a series of programmes featuring celebrities in increasingly extreme scenarios. In one edition, he fooled celebrities into believing they were on a sinking ship, surrounded by floating body parts and an approaching shark. In another, victims were locked inside a supposed ancient Egyptian tomb containing bats, insects and a mummy rising from the dead. In 2013 during a programme entitled Ramez, the Fox of the Desert, guest celebrities were fooled into believing the bus they were travelling on had been intercepted by militants. The mock militants pretended to shoot the driver dead and then blindfolded and handcuffed the guests. This was aired at a time when Egypt was witnessing a surge in terror attacks, particularly in the region of Sinai, where military convoys were often attacked by armed bandits in desolate areas. Galal revels in the controversy. In a trailer for his show, he admits to "torturing his friends and fellow actors because he loves them". And it may be that only the audience is being fooled. Sharp-eyed viewers often find clues signalling that the guests are in on the prank. Some celebrities have confirmed that this was the case. Tunisia's The Earthquake is another controversial programme which fools guests into believing they are experiencing a violent tremor. In one episode, an elderly religious leader insisted on continuing to pray despite the ongoing quake. The show was widely criticised on social media for disregarding the age and health conditions of the guests, who seemed genuinely scared. Similar charges were levelled at Algeria's We Got You. Following the episode featuring Mr Boudjedra, one Algerian novelist said it was "unbelievable that a famous writer was ridiculously pranked with no regards to his age or fame". Religious bodies in the region have recently issued fatwas (religious edicts) asserting that terrorising people for any purpose is religiously forbidden. The shows are also criticised, like the slew of entertainment programmes aired during Ramadan, for being a distraction from spiritual dedication during the holy month. Egyptian media expert Yasser Abd-al-Aziz told the BBC that the prevalence of TV pranks has forced production companies to push the boundaries of good taste in order to attract audience and advertising revenue. But one popular show entitled The Shock appears to buck this trend, with more traditional pranks, rather than terrifying ordeals. The show is filmed in a number of Arab countries, capturing reactions to staged situations such as a man violently scolding his wife, a student insulting his teacher or a child standing helpless in the cold weather asking passers-by for a coat. It has won over audiences across the the region by exploring how strangers interact in dramatic but everyday situations. As Twitter user @Nooruldeen89 put it: "Despite the acts being staged, The Shock awakens the human in you and makes you rethink your perspective." BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
Gary Price was suspended from all council duties for five months in November after Powys council's Standards Committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct. His appeal has been dismissed by the Adjudication Panel for Wales following a two-day hearing in Llandrindod Wells. Mr Price has been contacted for comment. He was found to have sent information which the council said "incorrectly and unfairly" portrayed what happened at a grievance appeal hearing, in which he was a panel member. The Adjudication Panel for Wales unanimously agreed to refer the matter back to the Standards Committee with a recommendation that Mr Price be suspended for three months. Council leader Barry Thomas said the decision "sends out a clear message that those who enter public office have to operate within the members' code of conduct and maintain the highest possible standards".
A social media campaign had proposed giving Halti mountain summit to Finland for its 100th birthday next year. The border between the two countries runs up the mountain near its peak. But Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg said that sadly she had had to turn down the idea because the country's constitution prohibited any sacrifice of Norwegian territory. Part of Halti mountain is already in Finland - and forms its current highest point - but the peak is 20m (66ft) across the border inside Norwegian territory. Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit, at 1,330m (4,363 ft), to Finland, saying the change would be barely visible on the map. They had argued that the peak "would be a wonderful gift to our sister nation" to mark its independence from Russia, and not a big loss to mountainous Norway, which has much higher peaks. The campaign's Facebook page got 17,000 likes, with support from both sides of the border. But it hit upon an insurmountable legal issue. "Border adjustments between countries raise challenging legal problems, among them linked to the Norwegian constitution," Ms Solberg wrote to Svein Leiros, the mayor of the town of Kaafjord in northern Norway, who supported the campaign. Norway's 1814 constitution stipulates that the country is "indivisible" - and apparently not even an area the size of a football pitch can be split off. "We will instead consider another suitable gift to Finland on its anniversary," the prime minister added.
The move comes after Mexico drew their opening Confederations Cup game 2-2 with Portugal in Russia. Fifa has since warned the FMF about "insulting and discriminatory chants" and said it could take further action if it happens again. Mexico have already been fined eight times during World Cup qualifying because of homophobic chanting. Some fans of Mexico shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal-kick which is argued to be homophobic. "As you know, Fifa is very serious about the chanting that we do when the goalkeeper takes a kick, and the possible sanctions are serious," said a statement from the FMF. "Our efforts on the pitch will come to nothing if, because of this (behaviour), we lose the match, the game is suspended or you are expelled from the stadium. "We lose, you lose, everyone loses."
Gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal before Slimani doubled the lead shortly after. The Algerian scored his second four minutes later as he bundled home Gray's cross from close range. Caolan Lavery's fortuitous late strike cut the deficit but Musa fired home in stoppage time. The first half was largely uneventful as both sides made eight changes from the weekend's league matches. Gray's goal was the first moment of quality in the match as he collected the ball 30-yards from goal on the left wing, drove in field and beat three defenders before slotting through Blades' goalkeeper Jake Eastwood's legs. Slimani then scored a four-minute brace which looked to have settled the tie as the striker - signed for £29m in 2016 - showed excellent movement and composure. But, Lavery pulled a goal back in the 83rd minute as his miscued cross beat Ben Hamer at the near post before the Blades pushed further with 19-year-old Foxes debutant Josh Knight making a fine block to deny Billy Sharp. The Leicester defence continued to hold strong and in the 93rd minute Musa powered through the United defence and drove home to confirm the result. Match ends, Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Second Half ends, Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Goal! Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Ahmed Musa (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Attempt blocked. Ahmed Musa (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by David Brooks (Sheffield United). Foul by Ahmed Musa (Leicester City). David Brooks (Sheffield United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed. David Brooks (Sheffield United) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by John Lundstram with a cross following a corner. Corner, Sheffield United. Conceded by Josh Knight. Attempt blocked. Billy Sharp (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Caolan Lavery. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by Chris Basham. Attempt missed. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Goal! Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 3. Caolan Lavery (Sheffield United) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the right to the bottom right corner. Assisted by David Brooks. Foul by Nampalys Mendy (Leicester City). Caolan Lavery (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Leicester City. Josh Knight replaces Harry Maguire. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by Chris Basham. Attempt blocked. Demarai Gray (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Substitution, Leicester City. Nampalys Mendy replaces Wilfred Ndidi. Foul by Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City). Samir Carruthers (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Video Review:. Offside, Leicester City. Ahmed Musa tries a through ball, but Wilfred Ndidi is caught offside. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by John Lundstram. Attempt blocked. Ben Chilwell (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Corner, Sheffield United. Conceded by Ben Chilwell. Substitution, Sheffield United. Paul Coutts replaces George Baldock. Substitution, Sheffield United. Chris Basham replaces Jake M Wright. Goal! Sheffield United 0, Leicester City 3. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Demarai Gray with a cross. Corner, Leicester City. Conceded by Jake Eastwood. Attempt saved. Demarai Gray (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Andy King. Attempt blocked. Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner, Sheffield United. Conceded by Wilfred Ndidi. Goal! Sheffield United 0, Leicester City 2. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Andy King with a through ball. Substitution, Sheffield United. Billy Sharp replaces Ched Evans. Christian Fuchs (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by George Baldock (Sheffield United). Offside, Sheffield United. Ched Evans tries a through ball, but George Baldock is caught offside. Offside, Leicester City. Daniel Amartey tries a through ball, but Islam Slimani is caught offside.
Wales have not beaten the All Blacks in 26 matches since 1953 and the world champions are undefeated at Eden Park since 1994. Flanker Warburton, who starts after a shoulder injury, returns to the ground for the first time since being sent off for a tip-tackle in the 2011 World Cup semi-final defeat by France. "He who dares wins," Warburton said. Wales are yet to beat New Zealand on their own turf and the All Blacks have won their last 34 games at the Auckland ground. The match will be New Zealand's first since beating Australia 34-17 in the 2015 World Cup final. Steve Hansen's side are favourites to win the three-Test series, but Warburton, 27, says Wales must take the game to the home team. "There are going to be opportunities in the game where it might be on to go out the back or it might be on for somebody to blitz. If it comes off it pays dividends," he said. "You're going to have to take a few risks on Saturday, you can't be conservative and expect to win." Wales coach Warren Gatland added: "When the opportunity arises, we've got to be expansive, we've got to take risks and we've got to play rugby. Often the difference between one side and the other is just a bit of magic." Warburton's controversial red card against France in 2011 came as Wales' World Cup dream ended with a 9-8 defeat. But the British and Irish Lion says returning to the scene of heartbreak will not play on his psyche. "There's so much water under the bridge since then. That never even crosses my mind," said Warburton. "This is a brand new challenge, to play the All Blacks out here." Warburton has not played since 30 April and is one of five changes to the team beaten by England last month. The Cardiff Blues forward says he has benefited from his time on the sidelines. "It's actually been a little bit of a blessing to freshen me up a bit, to top up the fitness levels," he said. "I've been doing running for a long time now so fitness won't be an issue. "Compared to the other injuries I've had it'll be a much easier transition back into Test rugby."
The choir was established by Henry VIII in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults. The Dean of Gloucester said including girl choristers would be an "exciting new chapter" in the choir's history. The aim is to find youngsters from local schools and a range of backgrounds who may not have considered singing in a cathedral choir before. Adrian Partington, director of music at Gloucester Cathedral, said the aim is to "discover" some very talented girls. New recruits will play a full part in the cathedral's musical worship, beginning with rehearsals in September before singing at evensong each Monday from October as well as at Christmas and Easter services. The dean, the Very Reverend Stephen Lake, said: "This will ensure that young girls and boys will be lifting their voices in song at Gloucester Cathedral for many years to come." The cathedral is hosting a "come and sing" open day on 9 April with girls and boys aged between seven and 12 invited to experience singing in the cathedral. Auditions for girls will be held on 23 April.
Ray Houghton's tumbling goal celebration at the 1994 World Cup and Salvatore Schillaci's whoops of delight after scoring in the same fixture four years earlier are snapshots of the fervour on display. Angelo Fusco, 81, has been a keen observer of Italy's games against the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland for decades, and can boast connections linking all three. He was brought up in Belfast, educated in Dublin, and his father had strong links with the Comino Valley. "I always supported Italy in football and Ireland in rugby as I went to school in Dublin at Blackrock," he said. "Italy comes just a wee bit above the Irish, my mother was Irish and my dad was Italian. "My brother, Carlo, supported Inter Milan and the other three brothers, myself included, supported AC Milan. "I remember in 1990 when Italy won against Ireland at the World Cup, someone threw a brick through the window of a brother's shop in Belfast. "My favourite Italian players have been Cesare Maldini and his son Paolo. I saw Cesare play for AC Milan in the 1963 European Cup final in London against Benfica, I went over to the match with my brothers. "I also went to the Rome derby once between AS Roma and Lazio - I don't know all the Italian curses, but there was a lot of swearing around me. "My brother Carlo played for Distillery, Cliftonville and Portadown in the Irish League. "At Portadown he was a teammate of Wilbur Cush who went on to play at the 1958 World Cup for Northern Ireland." Angelo and his brothers witnessed the infamous 'Battle of Belfast' in December 1957, when Northern Ireland and Italy drew 2-2 in an explosive encounter at Windsor Park. Juan Schiaffino and Alcides Ghiggia, who scored Uruguay's winning goal in the 1950 World Cup final before becoming a naturalised Italian, both featured in the game. It was invalidated as a World Cup qualifier after the Hungarian referee Istvan Zolt's flight was held up by fog, but its new designation as a "friendly" did not stop tempers boiling on and off the pitch. "We all, as brothers, went to the game against Northern Ireland in Belfast in 1957, we were all there supporting Italy and it was a shambles," Angelo said. "It was supposed to be a World Cup match, but the referee did not turn up. "In those days, the goalkeeper in Italy was sacrosanct and was not to be touched. Northern Ireland forward Peter McParland tackled the goalkeeper and took him out, the match turned on that. "When the fans invaded the pitch after the match, they got one of the full-backs on the ground, Harry Gregg and some of the other Northern Ireland players got round him and shielded him." Angelo also recalled how both sets of players met up at a dance hall venue in north Belfast after the game. "There was a big do at the Floral Hall at Bellevue, which was attended by players from the Italian and Northern Ireland teams," he added. "We as brothers sold tickets for the dance that night. The Northern Ireland players that were there included Peter McParland, Danny and Jackie Blanchflower and Wilbur Cush. "The Italian players that were there included Juan Schiaffino and Alcides Ghiggia . "The match was rough, but when it is over, it is over and the players move on." Paul Loughran is one of 24 fans from the West Belfast Ireland Supporters Club who will be travelling to the Euro 2016 finals. He said a number of them would be attending the Italy v Republic of Ireland game on 22 June near Lille and highlighted the history that linked the two teams. "It is always a good match, there is always a lot of excitement and tension for both sets of supporters and across the generations," he said. "Ireland had Giovanni Trapattoni as manager, he was born on St Patrick's Day so that was his Irish connection, he also had Marco Tardelli who was Italian, as his assistant. "Liam Brady was a big player for Ireland and he also played for Juventus in Italy and Trapattoni managed him there." Angelo, meanwhile, is just happy to soak up the occasion, whatever the result. "It is great that that the three of them are there, (Italy, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland) - it doesn't happen very often."
Media playback is not supported on this device . Ian Rush opened the scoring at the Racecourse with a first half tap-in before strike partner Mark Hughes' memorable scissor-kick goal sent the fans into raptures. Legendary striker Rush sealed the comfortable win over the giants of world football but Wales failed to qualify for the 1986 World Cup. Catch BBC Wales Sport's "Wales: The Road to the Euros" - our very special documentary on the history of Welsh football - on BBC iPlayer.
Mike Hearn, a Zurich-based developer and long-time proponent of Bitcoin, surprised many this weekend when he published a blog calling Bitcoin a "failed" project. Mr Hearn, who had until recently been working on new software for the currency, says he has now sold all of his own bitcoins and will no longer take part in the crypto-currency's development. So, is Bitcoin doomed? Bitcoin is a crypto-currency - a system of digitally created and traded tokens to which value is assigned. Computers have to solve cryptographic problems in order to add blocks to the blockchain - a ledger that records every transaction that has ever occurred with Bitcoin. In return, those computers receive bitcoins in a process known as bitcoin "mining". Users have a "bitcoin address", to which bitcoins may be sent or from which they may be used. Addresses are stored online in wallets that function like bank accounts. Although most people refer to Bitcoin as a currency, it is worth noting that for regulatory reasons many countries - including the United States - have decided to define it as a commodity instead. The biggest issue most bitcoin users acknowledge is how quickly new transactions can be processed. The size of blocks being added to the blockchain has been increasing steadily with the rise of Bitcoin. As a result, the rate at which transactions can be processed has been slowing. Indeed, some transactions face significant delays, hampering payments. Some fear the network will eventually become oversaturated and cease to be usable. Mike Hearn is a software developer who has worked on Bitcoin technologies for over five years. In 2014, he left his job at Google to focus on Bitcoin full time. He has worked closely with Bitcoin chief scientist Gavin Andresen on alternative software for Bitcoin called Bitcoin XT, which aims to address capacity issues facing the network. Mr Andresen is generally thought of as next in the chain of influence over the currency's development after Bitcoin's mysterious founder, Satoshi Nakamoto. Currently, each block can be no more than 1MB. But in May last year, Mr Andresen said bigger ones should be adopted. He later wrote, "It is more likely people [will] just stop using Bitcoin because transaction confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable." The Bitcoin XT version developed by Mr Hearn, Mr Andresen and others offers to increase the block size limit to 8MB . There are alternatives, however. Nic Cary, co-founder of Bitcoin start-up Blockchain, points to BitcoinClassic, which would increase the block size limit to 2MB. Bitcoin's history as a "decentralised" currency has led to much hesitation over decisions that might change its fundamental nature. Any proposal relating to Bitcoin is likely to encourage fierce debate and, in some cases, stagnation. Some have argued vehemently against Bitcoin XT, causing a deep divide in the community. The New York Times has reported that death threats had even been made against some Bitcoin developers. Mr Cary says the need to update the block size limit is not as urgent as some say. "This is a matter of perspective," he told the BBC. "The Bitcoin network has been updated safely dozens of times and will continue to be the most reliable, affordable, and efficient way to send value around the world." However, there are some who feel that Bitcoin's potential as a currency has already been exhausted. "I'm sure there are smart people right now working out what the next generation [of Bitcoin] should look like but I have to say I'm not convinced that money or payments is the optimum [use] of the technology," Dave Birch, a director at consultancy firm Consult Hyperion, told the BBC. Part of the problem was the lack of consensus over what Bitcoin was and how it should be used, he added. Bitcoin's price fell quite sharply over the weekend, following the publication of Mr Hearn's blog. One bitcoin is now worth $380 (Â£265), down from about $430 on Thursday. However, the price of Bitcoin is notoriously volatile. It has been classed as the best performing currency in the world in 2015. But authors of that analysis, The Money Project, also noted it was the worst performing currency the previous year. Besides price, Bitcoin has also suffered from a litany of cases in which bitcoins have been stolen from online exchanges in which they were stored, in some cases due to negligence or poor security. Such incidents generally result in a complete loss of funds for the victims, since it is very difficult to trace where stolen bitcoins have been transferred. Meanwhile, the currency continues to grow - a sign of good things to come, say many. Bitcoin remains popular. There is still huge interest in developing both the currency and technologies based on the blockchain idea of recording data. It seems unlikely the currency will collapse overnight. But it certainly look as though fundamental questions over how Bitcoin works are now coming to a head. Whether the community that uses and supports Bitcoin will be able to come to a consensus on these matters remains to be seen. Mr Hearn has lost faith in the project, of that there is no doubt. But many others are refusing to throw in the towel just yet. Update: This report was changed on 19 January 2016 to clarify that some payments can take a considerable time to be processed rather than not going through at all.
The 22-year-old played for Yeovil in the 2012-13 season and briefly last term, but has been studying at Rider University for the past four years. "I'm incredibly excited to be back playing for my hometown club who I have supported my whole life," she said. "To have the opportunity to play for them in the top division is amazing." Howard graduated two weeks ago with a major in history and a minor in French.
"We save people here every day," said the 46-year-old policeman - managing to sound both proud and chiding and the same time. Mr Hassan has now spent three years assigned to the lifeguard unit that patrols the beach. At high tide on a recent Friday afternoon, thousands of mostly young Somalis were playing in the surf - a scene of cheerful relaxation that would have been unimaginable just a few years ago in a city notorious for its decades of anarchy, famine and violence. "This place is bangin'! Beautiful!" said an exuberant 21-year-old named Hassan Mohammed. Like many others at the shore, he was from the diaspora and spoke English in a broad London accent. "Never been here before. Very nice country. I'm born and raised in Europe. I thought it would be like seeing the end of the world. But it's improved very much," he said. Several restaurants have opened up at Lido beach, their shaded tables packed with Mogadishu's wealthier elites. "Octopus, sea turtle, lobster, shrimp - it's all over this place! Somalia is the most rich in seafood," said Lule Dhan, an Ethiopian who is executive chef at the Benadir Beach Restaurant. "This fabulous city... is not what the media portrays," he declared. "Absolutely, I'm here to stay," said the restaurant's slightly less effusive co-owner, Abdi Resak Jamcale, who has returned to Somalia after two decades in California. "I'm not making a profit but I'm breaking even. We need new laws to have more foreign investment here. For years people here never knew what's wrong and what's right - whoever has the gun [was in control]. But we're getting there, slowly," he said. Read Andrew's other reports from Somalia: . 'Why I left al-Shabab' Getting round remittance bans . In a country famous for its entrepreneurial culture, Lido beach's popularity has attracted a range of new business ventures - the most visible being the stalls renting out bright red life jackets to the many less confident swimmers. "When the security improves, everything gets better. Before there was no work at the seaside, but now we're very proud to have this business," said Mariam Hassan Ali, 45, sitting beside an inflated inner tube that she also rents by the hour. But if Lido beach is a clear indication of the growing sense of optimism in Mogadishu, this is not a city in which one can, or should, drop one's guard for long. Later in the afternoon, the local district police chief arrived and demanded that we leave the beach immediately, hinting darkly that our film crew might be working on behalf of al-Shabab. To reinforce his point, he was brandishing a grenade with some enthusiasm. Further down the beach, Hassan Mohammed - the young visitor from London - also began sounding slightly less emphatic about the city's charms when I asked him if he had any concerns about security, and al-Shabab. "No. No. You talk about that and they'll come to you! You don't talk about that - not even a little bit. I'm scared of that. This country's un-trustable, the people are un-trustable. They're just like you but then they've got this different mentality. "There's only certain people that you can trust but that's cos they're your family. Do you know what they say here [about al-Shabab]? Arsenal or Chelsea! They don't even call them by their name. They say Arsenal or Chelsea. And if you hear that, run! Run! Don't even turn around. Just run!" he said.
It is the third time Vitalmiro Bastos Moura has been tried for Dorothy Stang's 2005 death after previous convictions were overturned. Ms Stang, 73, campaigned for 30 years to save rainforest from the interests of wealthy landlords. She had tried to block Moura's attempts to seize land and was shot six times. Moura, who was convicted in 2007 and 2010 in verdicts that were subsequently overturned, was sentenced to 30 years in prison. In the latest trial, the judge said Moura had acted in a cold-blooded and cowardly manner. Prosecutors earlier said Moura and another rancher had hired gunmen to kill Ms Stang. Moura's lawyers argued there wasn't enough evidence linking him to the crime. The death of Ms Stang in the northern state of Para became a symbol of the violent conflict for natural resources in Brazil's Amazon region. In the past 30 years, more than 1,000 people have been killed in land disputes in Brazil, with some two-thirds of the murders happening in Para. Ahead of the latest verdict, Ms Stang's sister, Barbara Richardson, said the repeated trials had been upsetting but had helped maintain a spotlight on the issues. "That keeps the injustice of the system before the people's eyes," she told AP. "Dorothy is ever prominent. The people understand what happened to her and what this means."
Joe Root, Alex Hales, Moeen Ali and Mark Wood also return for the tie with Pakistan at Old Trafford on 7 September after missing Sri Lanka in July. Liam Dawson, Chris Woakes, James Vince, and Dawid Malan all miss out. However, rapid T20 specialist Tymal Mills retains his place. Stokes missed the tie against Sri Lanka, which England won by eight wickets, but has figured in the ongoing five-match ODI series, in which they have beaten Pakistan in the first three fixtures. England impressed at Trent Bridge on Tuesday, scoring an international ODI record 444-3. Hales scored 171 in that match, the highest score by an England batsman in limited overs cricket, while Root added 85 - his fifth consecutive ODI half-century. Liam Dawson took 3-27 on debut against Sri Lanka, but misses out as Test spinner Ali returns, while Malan drops out of the squad without making his debut. National selector, James Whitaker, said: "It is excellent to see the progress we are making in white ball cricket across both formats. "It is testament to the excellent work being nurtured in the county structure and through the England Lions, that there is a depth of quality pushing the nucleus of the current group." England Twenty20 squad: Eoin Morgan (Middlesex), Moeen Ali (Worcestershire), Sam Billings (Kent), Jos Buttler (Lancashire), Alex Hales (Nottinghamshire), Chris Jordan (Sussex), Tymal Mills (Sussex), Liam Plunkett (Yorkshire), Adil Rashid (Yorkshire), Joe Root (Yorkshire), Jason Roy (Surrey), Ben Stokes (Durham), David Willey (Yorkshire), Mark Wood (Durham)
Olly Martins said the force, which has to save Â£7.5m over the next two years, spends Â£3m a year on its buildings. But changes in policing technology meant officers could now share facilities, he added. The Police Federation said it would be concerned that officers in shops may look "unprofessional". Mr Martins said many of the county's police buildings were in need of refurbishment and no longer in the best position to serve the public, while others were under used. An online public survey opens on Friday to asses residents' views. The survey answers will help gauge support for replacing some stations with more accessible facilities in public areas such as public buildings and supermarkets. The PCC said operational policing was already running at maximum efficiency, so he must look to other areas. Changes to modern policing due to the use of technology, meant "innovative ways of increasing access to the police while reducing overheads" could be considered, he added. "In the future officers will be able to carry out much of their communications and administrative tasks while on the move, which reduces the demand on premises and increases their visibility," he said. He said no decisions had been taken yet but "tough choices" needed to be made. Ray Reed from Bedfordshire Police Federation, said he was not resistant to change, but "had concerns" over response times and perception. "People already complain about response times and if you close down stations it will make things worse," he said. "Plus I would be worried about how police would be perceived in supermarkets, it may look unprofessional. "And [in public buildings] there is a risk element as you may get someone becoming aggressive in full view of the public. "[Police carry out] sensitive functions in the community and we have to think how and where we place them."
The 42-year-old man was discovered in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve, in Earnley, on Tuesday by Coastguards. Sussex Police said the incident, which took place in the Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT, was being treated as a "tragic accident". The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed. A spokesman for Sussex Police said they believed the AAIB would be "leading on the investigation into the cause of the crash".
The man, who has not yet been identified, was last seen alive at 20:45 BST on Tuesday 9 June in St Stephen's subway. Two people saw the man, 29, in the early hours of Wednesday before he was found dead at 07:00 BST, police said. A post-mortem examination revealed he died from injuries to the spleen and the death was declared "suspicious". Det Insp Marie James said: "We are still trying to create a timeline of the man's final movements and the circumstances which led to his death. "We would particularly like to hear from two people who saw the man in the early hours of Wednesday morning. "Other witnesses have suggested a male teenager, possibly a college student, passed him in the subway at around 05:00 BST and later returned to buy flowers from the flower stall by the subway to leave inside. "The second person we wish to trace is a man who gave assistance at the scene when his body was discovered. "This man is described as being smartly dressed, wearing a jacket and glasses. "I would also appeal again for people to contact me if they know details about any of his friends or family as we have still been unable to trace next of kin despite numerous inquiries."
Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has asked Sir Richard Henriques to make recommendations about whether there are ways to improve procedures. The Operation Midland inquiry into a 1970s and 1980s paedophile ring is among inquiries that will be examined. The force has come under fire amid claims it over-reacted to allegations. Former head of the Army Lord Bramall, 92, who last month found out he would not face any further action in connection with Operation Midland, had called for a review. His solicitor Drew Pettifer said Lord Bramall welcomed any review that would make "the process fairer and less painful". The peer strongly denied claims made by a man given the name "Nick", and said detectives had taken 10 months before speaking to witnesses who cast doubt on the case. There has also been scrutiny of the Met Police's handling of an investigation into a rape allegation against the late Lord Brittan, a former Home Secretary. He died in January 2015 without being told that the case had been dropped. Critics have questioned whether Sir Bernard's contract, up in September this year, should be renewed. Home Affairs Select Committee chairman Keith Vaz has asked that he appear in front of MPs to answer questions about the Met's handling of the cases. Analysis: Press turns both barrels on the Met Police . Sir Peter Fahy, a former chief constable of Greater Manchester Police, told BBC Newsnight he felt some of the criticism Sir Bernard was receiving was unfair and that he was a "remarkable police leader". However, he said that in the same position he would apologise to Lord Britten's wife for the delay in informing him his case had been dropped. "There is clearly a particular issue about a delay... that is a clear mistake, an error. It is not how the procedure should work," he said. "But I certainly think that no chief constable would apologise for investigating anybody." Former Conservative children's minister Tim Loughton said allegations needed investigating quickly and a decision made quickly so people were "not left in the public domain hung out to dry and not given natural justice". The judge's review will contain confidential and sensitive information and will be a private report for Sir Bernard, but its key findings and the recommendations will be made public later this year. It will look at police procedure rather than evidence. Sir Bernard said: "We are not afraid to learn how we can do these things better. "Sir Richard brings an independent legal mind to advise us whether we can provide a better balance between our duty to investigate and the interests of suspects, complainants and victims." He said Judge Lowell Goddard, who is chairing the wide-ranging independent inquiry into child sex abuse, had been notified of the review. The announcement of the Henriques review is a significant moment. The Met Police commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe is asking the judge: "Did we get it right or did we get it wrong?" when responding to allegations of child sexual abuse. The idea is that this review will be able to answer the question fully and fairly because it will have access to confidential information not available to the Met's critics, especially those in the press. Sir Richard Henriques has already decided police investigating Lord Janner in Leicester didn't do enough - now he will have to decide if the Met went too far, especially its most sensitive investigation, Operation Midland. The fact that Sir Bernard has not waited until Operation Midland is complete to order this review, will be seen as a sign that it has failed. He will be hoping for a more positive verdict. Operation Midland, established in November 2014, is examining claims that boys were abused by a group of powerful men from politics, the military and law enforcement agencies at locations across southern England and in London in the 1970s and 1980s. It is also examining claims that three boys were murdered. Operation Midland has focused on the Dolphin Square estate in Pimlico, south-west London. Sir Richard recently carried out a review of sex abuse allegations against the former Labour MP Lord Janner, which concluded prosecutors had been wrong not to have charged the late peer 25 years ago. Lord Janner's family have denied the allegations. A spokesman for children's charity the NSPCC said it was crucial the review into the Met Police investigations did not "inadvertently discourage" victims of abuse from coming forward. Gabrielle Shaw, from the National Association for People Abused in Childhood (Napac), said if the police could learn from past mistakes and get better at their job, that could only benefit society.
Pae Jun-ho, known in the US as Kenneth Bae, smuggled anti-government materials and plotted the state's downfall, a Supreme Court spokesman told state news agency KCNA. He denied Mr Bae was being used as a "political bargaining chip" with the US. Mr Bae was detained last year after entering North Korea as a tourist. North Korea has arrested several US citizens in recent years, including journalists and Christians accused of proselytism. They were released after intervention from high-profile American figures, including former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter, both of whom went to Pyongyang. The court spokesman told KCNA that Mr Bae was "dispatched to China as a missionary". There he was involved in setting up "plot-breeding bases" from which he "infiltrated at least 250 students" into the North Korean port city of Rason with the aim of "bringing the government down". US citizens held by N Korea . "He committed such hostile acts as egging on overseas [North Korean] citizens and foreigners to perpetrate hostile acts to bring down its government while conducting a malignant smear campaign," he said. He added Mr Bae's full confession was the reason why he did not receive a possible death sentence. "He dared commit such hideous crimes as hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership," he said. The spokesman denied that Mr Bae was "not tried in a transparent matter and [the North] was trying to use this issue as a political bargaining chip". Mr Bae, 44, was arrested in November as he entered Rason, a special economic zone near North Korea's border with China. South Korea activists believe he was arrested for taking pictures of starving children. Other reports have described him as a devout Christian. His conviction on 30 April came amid high tension between the US and North Korea, after Pyongyang's third nuclear test. The UN expanded sanctions against the communist state in March, in the wake of its 12 February nuclear test and December long-range rocket launch. Pyongyang reacted angrily both to the measures and the annual US-South Korea military exercises, threatening to attack US military bases and cutting key hotlines with its southern neighbour.
Newport's win over Accrington sees the Exiles leapfrog Pools, putting them two points in front with two games remaining. Victory for Barnet, under caretaker boss Rossi Eames, was only their second win in 13 games. But they controlled the match throughout against a side lacking in confidence, belief and ability. John Akinde was denied an opener after 12 minutes when his angled header was tipped over for a corner. From the set-piece Michael Nelson, the Barnet skipper, fired a shot against a post, while Jack Taylor's goal-bound shot was deflected wide. Nathan Thomas got Pools' first shot on target after 64 minutes, failing to test goalkeeper Josh Vickers. And the Bees went ahead in the 66th minute when Akinde turned and powerfully fired an angled drive past goalkeeper Joe Fryer. Simeon Akinola made it two five minutes later, the Bees racing away down the left side and Jamal Campbell-Ryce setting up the substitute. Akinde also missed a penalty, Fryer saving his weak spot kick with nine minutes remaining. Match report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 2. Second Half ends, Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 2. Attempt blocked. Padraig Amond (Hartlepool United) header from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Foul by Elliot Johnson (Barnet). Carl Magnay (Hartlepool United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Jamal Campbell-Ryce (Barnet) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Substitution, Barnet. Wesley Fonguck replaces Jack Taylor. Charlie Clough (Barnet) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Brad Walker (Hartlepool United). Corner, Hartlepool United. Conceded by Harry Taylor. Attempt missed. Rhys Oates (Hartlepool United) header from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Attempt blocked. Jack Blackford (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Nathan Thomas (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner, Barnet. Conceded by Matthew Bates. Attempt blocked. John Akinde (Barnet) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Penalty saved! John Akinde (Barnet) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity, right footed shot saved in the bottom left corner. Penalty Barnet. John Akinde draws a foul in the penalty area. Penalty conceded by Joe Fryer (Hartlepool United) after a foul in the penalty area. Corner, Hartlepool United. Conceded by Michael Nelson. Foul by Tom Champion (Barnet). Jack Blackford (Hartlepool United) wins a free kick on the left wing. John Akinde (Barnet) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Scott Harrison (Hartlepool United). Attempt saved. Padraig Amond (Hartlepool United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Nathan Thomas (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Attempt missed. Scott Harrison (Hartlepool United) header from very close range is close, but misses to the right following a corner. Corner, Hartlepool United. Conceded by Jack Taylor. Goal! Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 2. Simeon Akinola (Barnet) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jamal Campbell-Ryce. Substitution, Hartlepool United. Jack Blackford replaces Nicky Featherstone. Attempt missed. Jamal Campbell-Ryce (Barnet) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. Goal! Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 1. John Akinde (Barnet) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Curtis Weston. Substitution, Barnet. Simeon Akinola replaces Fumnaya Shomotun. Substitution, Barnet. Tom Champion replaces Ruben Bover. Attempt missed. Brad Walker (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Attempt saved. Nathan Thomas (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Substitution, Hartlepool United. Padraig Amond replaces Lewis Alessandra. Foul by Jack Taylor (Barnet). Rhys Oates (Hartlepool United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Elliot Johnson (Barnet) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Carl Magnay (Hartlepool United).
The new plan is for training to be split across three different sites. There would be some joint training, but the three services would each have their own facilities. The big winner would be the fire and rescue service - it would get a £44m purpose-built complex at Desertcreat, near Cookstown in County Tyrone. Timeline: Ten years of stop and start for NI's public services college . The BBC revealed in March that a programme board in charge of the Desertcreat project had concluded it was no longer economically viable. It said the joint college as originally planned was no longer needed because of reduction in the number of training days required by each of the three services. The Office of First and deputy First Minister then asked for a revised business case, setting out preferred options for future training needs. That review has now been completed and the BBC has obtained a copy of a draft report setting out the board's recommendations. It says the preferred option is for the fire service to have a training facility at Desertcreat at an estimated cost of £44m. If the plan is approved by the Northern Ireland Executive, it is understood the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) would also be allocated about £20m to refurbish its existing training facilities at Garnerville police station in east Belfast. The Northern Ireland Prison Service would be given funding for training at Maghaberry and Magilligan prisons as its training centre in Millisle, County Down, has been closed. The proposed new complex for the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) would be built on the site bought 10 years ago for a new policing college at Desertcreat. That plan was later changed to include the fire and prison services, but has now been revised. It would include what is called a 'hot house'. This is a building that can be set on fire in a controlled fashion, or heated to extremely high temperatures, to give firefighters realistic training. Northern Ireland does not currently have such a facility. The NIFRS would like it to have different sections to replicate the different conditions and challenges involved when tackling a blaze in domestic homes, commercial premises and high-rise buildings. The money for all of the training facilities would have to be provided by the executive. That is because a £53m funding package from the Treasury was withdrawn earlier this year due to a failure to build the proposed joint college within a stipulated timeframe. The programme board's report will be sent to Justice Minister David Ford and Health Minister Simon Hamilton for their approval as their departments are responsible for the project. In a statement to the BBC, a project steering group said the draft business case "has yet to be finalised or formally signed-off" by the accounting officers for the fire and prison services and the PSNI. But senior officials from the departments of justice and health sit on the programme board and were heavily involved in producing the draft report. If Mr Ford and Mr Hamilton endorse the preferred option, they will make a joint recommendation to the executive by the end of November.
Archibald was on Swindon Town's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies. Osman says the loss of Archibald - who guided Thistle to a top six finish last season - would be a hard act to follow. "Since I signed, he's only got better, every season. It's no surprise teams are interested in him," Osman said. "We don't want him to go anywhere. He's probably one of the best managers I have played under. The boys love him. We just pray he stays here for another season." Osman's Partick Thistle team-mate Adam Barton echoes his captain's sentiments. "I would be personally disappointed because what he has done is really good," the midfielder said. "As a footballer, you like managers who really stick by their players. You come across so many managers who chop and change things and I have been through that many managers that many times. "New managers come in and they don't even want to see you play, they just want to bring their own players in and chop and change. To see him go would not be a good thing." Partick Thistle are on the verge of losing promising centre-back Liam Lindsay, who has travelled to Barnsley for a medical following the clubs agreeing a fee for the player. Subject to the completion of the medical, Lindsay will sign a three-year deal at Oakwell.
Iain Duncan Smith, in what he said was his first interview on Europe in 10 years, has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in Paris, while the prime minister was on the TV sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union. This is the new, if temporary reality: cabinet ministers disagreeing totally with each other on the record, and in public. Traditionally unthinkable, certainly risky, and difficult to control. Plenty of disagreements are spilling out into the public domain now. After lots of speculation, Boris Johnson has just declared he'll be campaigning for Britain to leave the EU. But many are still wondering about the motivations that lie behind his decision. Unless Machiavellian machinations deep in the Conservative party interest you, you probably shouldn't read much further. But believe me, on long days in Westminster, this is the kind of hypothesising that concerns politicians and their teams. Ready? Conspiracy One - Michael Gove's decision to go with the Vote Leave campaign was taken to make sure that Chancellor George Osborne will be challenged in the eventual Tory leadership by someone who is a chum, who looks on him favourably, but who would get onto the final ballot (which crucially only has two contenders) as someone who can claim to the party membership which is broadly Eurosceptic, that they fought to leave the EU, even though they were then sadly defeated. This, so Conspiracy One goes, is why Mr Gove's decision to join Vote Leave has not impressed some true believers in the cause and, in any case, his public image may well not be a benefit to them. Conspiracy Two - Doing the rounds inside Number 10 and Number 11 (the chancellor's abode) so the theory goes, is that Boris is intent on becoming 'The Man Who Tried'. What? Well, Downing Street has concluded that Mr Johnson is going for Leave precisely because he is confident that they will lose. This allows him to create the perfect platform for his leadership ambition - campaign for Leave, Remain wins, but Boris manages to then glide onto the leadership ballot as the man who gave it his damnedest, didn't quite pull it off, but can scoop up oodles of votes from the broken-hearted Tory membership, despairing in defeat, but ready to go over the top for their hero. This kills Mr Gove, or anyone else's chances of opposing Mr Osborne in the final round of the leadership contest. If you got this far, and feel enlightened by it all, then marvellous. If it seems fanciful, then don't say I didn't warn you! But with the prime minister having already announced that he's leaving his job before the next election, there is no escaping the fact that the future of the Tory leadership is a factor in both sides' campaigns.
Ece Heper, 50, was arrested on 30 December in the north-eastern town of Kars, her lawyer Sertac Celikkaleli told The Canadian Press. Canadian officials say they are offering consular assistance, but released no further information. Turkey's penal code states that anybody who insults the president can face up to four years in prison. Ms Heper's friend Emrah Bayram told the BBC she was arrested for Facebook posts critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. "It's ridiculous, she's expressing her opinion," he said. Friends say Ms Heper, who lived in Ontario and is reportedly a Canadian-Turkish citizen, has "some health issues" and they are worried about her access to medication while in detention. Along with her lawyer, they fear it could be at least a month before her case goes to trial. They have contacted human rights organisations over her case. Mr Erdogan has been accused of mounting a growing crackdown on freedom of speech. Almost 2,000 cases for insulting Mr Erdogan have been opened in recent years. They include a former Miss Turkey and a 16-year-old student. Another man was found guilty of insulting the president and given a suspended one-year jail sentence after he shared images comparing Mr Erdogan to the fictional character Gollum.
The new Manchester City striker headed the Elephants in front from a right-wing cross by Max Gradel. Hilal Soudani equalised for Algeria against the run of play early in the second half and then forced goalkeeper Sylvain Gbohouo into a brilliant save. Gbohouo was rewarded when Bony headed in Yaya Toure's free-kick and Junior Tallo set up Gervinho for a late third. The margin of victory flattered Ivory Coast in what was an even contest and before former Arsenal striker Gervinho confirmed the result on the break, they had been under pressure from Algeria. Their defence seemed all over the place at times and semi-final opponents DR Congo will have taken note. Algeria, in the quarter-finals for the first time since 2010, made the brighter start to the contest and almost went ahead in the ninth minute. Yacine Brahimi raced into the left-hand side of the penalty area and the Elephants' defence failed to deal with his cross, allowing Soudani to get in a shot which was well held by Gbohouo. In the 21st minute, Riyad Mahrez volleyed over from close range but then Ivory Coast hit back. Two minutes later, Gradel floated in a free-kick from the left and Serge Aurier's downward header hit the base of the post and then in the 26th minute they took the lead. Gradel was again involved as he delivered a testing cross from the right and Bony escaped the defence to head home from eight yards. Bony shot wide from distance towards the end of the first half before at the other end, Saphir Taider's sharp volley was confidently saved by Gbohouo. The start of the second half mirrored the start of the first with one team dominating but the other one scoring. This time Ivory Coast were the team who started on top but a comedy of errors in their defence after a deep cross into their penalty area finally saw the ball fall to Soudani, who fired it home. That sparked a spell of dominance from the Desert Foxes with Gbohouo twice having to clear his lines before he made an amazing 66th minute save from Soudani's point-blank effort. The momentum changed and two minutes later Bony restored Ivory Coast's lead when he climbed highest to head Yaya Toure's set-piece inside the near post. Algeria piled on the pressure in the closing stages but could not find an equaliser and Gervinho finished them off when he passed the ball into the net.
The Taiwanese firm, also known as Foxconn Technology, posted a net profit of NT$37bn ($1.2bn; Â£814m) in the October to December quarter. It also reported a 16% jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT$94.8bn. Foxconn is the world's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one of its biggest clients. According to some estimates, orders from Apple account for almost half of Foxconn's total revenue. In the October to December quarter, Apple had sold 47.8 million iPhones, up from 37 million a year earlier. Meanwhile, the launch of iPad mini, also boosted sales of its tablet PCs - it sold 22.9 million iPads, compared with 15.4 million in the same period in 2011. However, the heavy reliance on Apple has also raised concerns that Foxconn's growth may slow in the coming months. Some analysts said the rapid rate of growth that smartphones and tablet PCs had seen in recent years could not be sustained. "In most of the developed economies, smartphones are at a mature penetration stage and tablets are pretty close to being at that stage," said Andrew Milroy of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan. Mr Milroy added that Apple had so far not been able to replicate the success it enjoyed in the developed economies in emerging markets. He explained that in the emerging economies, Apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers. At the same time, Apple is facing increased competition from other smartphone makers in those markets. "They are being hammered by low-cost smartphones in countries such as China," he said. The fear is that if Apple's growth rate slows, it will have a knock on effect on suppliers such as Foxconn.
What did the court say? Until now, those employing mobile workers who had to travel to get to or from their first or last appointment of the day were not required to count that time as work. On Thursday, the European Court of Justice judgement ruled those without a fixed or habitual office should consider the time they spend travelling between their homes and the premises of their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day. The ruling relates to the Working Time Directive - the European initiative which caps the working week at 48 hours. In the UK, employees have the option of opting out of the directive. I'm a care worker who travels to different patients' homes. Am I affected? Possibly, yes. Employees who fall into the category loosely defined as "mobile workers" - those who habitually travel to different places of work - could be affected. Simon Bond, an employment specialist at Higgs and Sons solicitors, says the most obvious group to fall under this definition is carers not already paid for travelling to their first and last jobs. Sales people who travel between sites and employee workmen and women, such as plumbers or electricians, could also fall into this category. As many as 975,000 people in the UK could fall under the remit of the ruling, says Paul Sellers, a policy officer at the TUC. And some employees could be working an extra 10 hours a week once travelling time is counted, Chris Tutton, an employment lawyer at Irwin Mitchell, adds. I travel a lot for work, but I have a permanent office . The ruling is less likely to affect people who work both in an office and remotely. If your contract includes a permanent base, you are unlikely to be able to successfully argue you are a mobile worker, Mr Sellers says. There may, however, be cases where it is possible to argue that a permanent base is meaningless because of the length of time spent outside the office. I have to commute two hours every day to my office . For those with a permanent office (however lengthy your commute), this ruling will not have an effect. Mr Sellers says this final group is the "overwhelming majority" in the UK. I think I'm affected. Should I expect a pay rise or a change in my hours? The ruling could eventually affect pay. Unions say the ruling does not directly deal with remuneration, focussing instead on working hours and conditions. But it is possible the European judgement will be used in UK courts to challenge employers who pay an average hourly rate under the minimum wage (once travelling time is taken into account). That could mean employers facing increased wage bills and raises an outside chance costs for some services, such as cleaners who have to travel and are paid a low wage, could go up. It could also lead to a change in working patterns - especially for those who do not choose to opt out of the 48-hour maximum. "I think some employers will look at where they're sending staff - they might try to make sure that the first and last shifts are as close to home as possible because they don't want to eat into that working time that they have," Mr Tutton said. We have been contacted by BBC News website readers in response to the European judges' ruling. Here is a selection of their comments: . This is great news for the likes of me and my engineers. We work in the telecoms industry visiting multiple sites daily. We don't get paid travel time but are expected to be onsite for 9am and leave the last site at 5pm wherever that may be. If the sites are two hours away from home this adds four hours to our day that we don't get paid for, so we do a 12-hour day for eight hours work. Steve Carroll, Manchester . I am a sales rep. My hours of work are 35, working nine to five. I leave my house most days at 6am as I work on the M25 strip so it takes three to four hours to get to my first appointment. I might get home at 7pm with no lunch break. I can drive for seven hours total per day, that's before my day working. I feel fed up, very tired and underpaid. I don't know what my rights are! Erica, Cambridge . I am a pest control technician. My colleagues and I sometimes end up doing 11 or 12-hour days. These lost hours travelling can take its toll on missed family time. The amount of time driving both during the working day and the travelling time to and from work can sometimes be as much as six hours a day depending on where our jobs take us. Paul Godfrey, Swindon . I currently leave for work - as a service engineer - earlier than my first job to ensure I'm at my first site by 10am. It's wrong that I should use my time as the further away it is the more my own time is used. We also do not have a structured break time and I've worked over 11 hours without a break and it's a constant driving service job. Barry Corbett, Glasgow . I am a mobile gas fitter and I am expected to travel to my first appointment and from my last appointment in my own time which can add 10 hours to my working week. Mark Hannon, Castleford . I'm a gas repair engineer. We have no offices. Our policy is to be on the patch of work or at our "pickup" point by 8am. With heavy traffic I leave home at 7.20am. This leaves me with 40 minutes of extra travel time. Also I could be working miles away from home at the end of day resulting in a huge variance of time out. Daniel Richards-Smith, Dorset . I am a homecare worker, taking care of people in their own home. I do not get paid for travelling to work or in between appointments. Sometimes I can travel up to 50 miles a day. We get paid 30p per hour of care delivered in a day. This is not petrol money as the carers who walk between calls also get paid this. Sometimes we have to sit in our cars because it is too early to go in to the client, anywhere from 10 minutes to up to and hour as we often are too far away from home to make it feasible to travel home. Susan Turnbull, Barnsley . I'm a healthcare assistant and while I agree with being paid for time it takes to travel I can also see this as having a knock on affect to the clients as the money to pay us would have to come from somewhere. Susan Bird, Kent .
Firefighters spent several days at the site in Duncan Street following the blaze on 2 March, which reduced train services and caused travel delays. The Environment Agency (EA) suspended Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited from accepting waste after the fire. The firm was "broadly compliant" with fire safety law, the fire service said. Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited, whose site was run by Asset and Land Group, could not be contacted for a comment. It has until 7 August to appeal the decision. Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS) visited the premises nine times in the last 12 months. Geoff Harris, GMFRS area manager, said: "The site operators, Asset and Land, have been broadly compliant with fire safety legislation throughout that time." The fire service raised concerns to the EA in February over the impact a fire could have on nearby residents, transport and the environment. "The EA were very interested in our concerns, which resulted in our fire safety officers conducting joint visits to the site with EA staff, the EA decided to take enforcement action against the site operators," Mr Harris said. An EA spokesman said: "After consideration of all the facts relating to the company and the site, the EA has now decided to revoke the environmental permit. "Subject to any appeal, the revocation takes effect on 7 August, which means after that date the company will no longer be able to operate from that site. The company is still required to remove all the waste." The cause of the fire remains undetermined.
It was unanimously passed by MPs in December, but Mr Koroma refused to sign it after protests by religious leaders. After consultations, MPs returned the bill to him last month, unaltered. The law would allow women to terminate a pregnancy in any circumstances up to 12 weeks and in cases of incest, rape and foetal impairment up to 24 weeks. Abortion is currently illegal in Sierra Leone under any circumstances. Human rights groups, including Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, and five Sierra Leonean organisations, wrote to President Koroma in February urging him to give the bill his assent. "Unsafe abortions - often resulting from restrictive laws and poor access to sexual and reproductive health services, information, and education - is one of the main factors contributing to maternal deaths in Sierra Leone," their letter said. The World Health Organization estimates that Sierra Leone has the world's highest maternal mortality ratio at 1,360 deaths per 100,000 live births last year. The BBC's Umaru Fofana in the capital, Freetown, says the abortion issue has led to heated debates and protests on both sides. President Koroma has now referred the controversial legislation to the Constitutional Review Committee, which is currently reviewing the constitution. Our correspondent says it will decide whether to include the abortion law in its recommended changes to the constitution, which will be put to a referendum. When President Koroma sent the legislation back to parliament in January, he asked for it to be reviewed after consultation with religious and women's groups as it went beyond an African Union protocol on women's rights which only backs abortion in cases of sexual assault and in medical emergencies. Under Sierra Leone's current constitution, the president cannot veto a bill which received a two-thirds majority in parliament, our reporter says. The speaker of the house could sign the Safe Abortion Act into law, but our correspondent says he is highly unlikely to do so as he comes from the president's party. Mr Koroma met leaders from the Inter Religious Council of Sierra Leone (IRCSL), who all oppose abortion, in January, saying they "represent a huge constituency across the country". Catholic Archbishop Tamba Charles, vice-president of IRCSL, reiterated their view at summit on the issue later in the month declaring: "No life can be destroyed on the basis of choice as life is sacred. "If they want to fight for the right of women, then let them be provided with the required medical facilities that will help reduce maternal mortality rate in the country," Sierra Leone's Politico news website quotes him as saying. Our reporter says the recent Ebola outbreak exposed Sierra Leone's weak health system. The country is still recovering from a brutal 10-year civil war, which ended in 2002 and ravaged much of its infrastructure.
But there are about 500 deaths a year in the UK from cardiac arrest among the under-30s. When it happens it is shocking. Doubly so when it affects a sports star like 23-year-old Fabrice Muamba. He is said to be one of the fittest players at his club, Bolton Wanderers. The same sentiments were expressed about Marc-Vivien Foe, the Cameroon footballer who collapsed and died during an international match in 2003. But the underlying cause of such deaths are likely to be inherited rather than a reflection on their fitness. Genetic abnormalities are usually associated with arrhythmias - irregular heart beats - or cardiomyopathies, which is a disease of the heart muscle. But where sport can play a role is on the likelihood of these conditions leading to a cardiac arrest. The evidence is not clear-cut. But research has suggested that those with inherited conditions are twice as likely to suffer a cardiac arrest if they play sport at a high level. Dr Leonard Shapiro, a consultant cardiologist and medical adviser to the Football Association, says it is always difficult to know exactly what triggers the attack. But he says: "There is a predisposition in some individuals to have a cardiac event under very high physical and emotional stress." The question that is always asked after such events is whether anything can be done to prevent them. Many sports in Britain regularly screen top athletes, although it is not mandatory as it is in some countries such as Italy. In football, players are checked at 16 and then are likely to have regular check-ups as their career goes on. Those that are diagnosed with a problem often have to give up top-level sport. Sports cardiologist Sanjay Sharma, who also works for the charity Cardiac Risk in the Young, says the tests are thorough, but not perfect. "It involves taking a history relating to cardiac symptoms, which include chest pain during exertion or breath which is disproportionate to the amount of exercise being performed, and blackouts, and asking about a family history because many of these conditions that can cause cardiac arrest are hereditary. "We then perform a cardiac examination and following that we do an ECG (electrocardiogram), which is an electrical tracing of the heart which looks for electric faults of the heart, and a cardiac ultrasound, which looks at heart muscle problems or problems with the heart valves." However, they do not guarantee that an abnormality will be picked up. The difficulty is that such abnormalities are not always permanent. They can come and go - as the Muamba case suggests. It has been reported that the Bolton player had four such screenings during his career, the latest of which was done last summer.
Albert Anthony Smith McDonald, 58, was found with head injuries on Cumbernauld Road, Riddrie, at 21:25 on Monday. He died on his way to hospital. Officers said the car driver is assisting with their inquiries. Police said Mr McDonald's family were "completely devastated" by his death and appealed for information. Senior investigating officer Det Ch Insp Laura McLuckie said earlier: "We are following up several lines of inquiry, including speaking to local residents and accessing CCTV from around Cumbernauld Road and the surrounding area." She added that "Mr McDonald had significant injuries" when he was found and the investigating team was "trying to establish just how he sustained them". She said officers were trying to piece together his last known movements. "Understandably his family and friends are completely devastated, and specialist officers are providing them with support at this tragic time," she said. "It is imperative we find who is responsible for Albert's death. "I would ask anyone who was in the vicinity of Cumbernauld Road around 21:30 or earlier, and who may have seen anything suspicious to come forward to police." Det Ch Insp McLuckie added: "You may think that the information you have is insignificant however it may be the piece of information we are looking for."
Media playback is not supported on this device . Platini wants to restore the image of world football's governing body in the wake of serious corruption allegations. "We want a reform candidate," said FA chairman Greg Dyke. "We believe he will reform Fifa in the way that reform is needed." Sepp Blatter has already announced he will quit as Fifa president, with an election set for 26 February. Frenchman Platini, president of European football governing body Uefa, is likely to face a number of challengers, among them Prince Ali Bin al-Hussein of Jordan and Liberian FA president Musa Bility. Dyke added: "We understand there will be a number of candidates, which should result in a strong and healthy debate. "However, we should not underestimate how challenging it will be for anyone to lead an organisation that has been so tainted. The whole structure of Fifa must be reviewed and fundamentally changed." Platini has found himself at odds with the FA over Qatar's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup. The 60-year-old championed the Gulf nation despite concerns over its human rights record and severe summer temperatures. But Dyke attempted to play down any differences for the time being, saying: "Mr Platini has always made it very clear that he voted for Qatar. "If all the other people who voted for Qatar had been quite as transparent it would have been more helpful." Not everyone shares the FA's confidence in Platini, a former France international who won the coveted Ballon d'Or three times. Just hours after confirming his candidacy on Wednesday, he was criticised by two potential presidential rivals. Prince Ali and Bility both claim Platini would be a bad choice as a successor. Prince Ali, who stood against Blatter in the last presidential election, said that "football's fans and players deserve better". A member of the Jordanian royal family, he added that Fifa needed a "new, independent leadership, untainted by the practices of the past". Bility agreed, telling the BBC's World Football programme that Platini would bring "chaos", "more division" and "more problems".
Martin Foran, 71 and from Manchester, served a total of 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal. The Ministry of Justice said it only pays compensation when a conviction is quashed "because of a new fact." But, Mr Foran says despite being found innocent his ordeal has left him ill and unable to pay basic bills. Mr Foran was convicted in 1978 of robbery following an investigation by the since discredited West Midlands Serious Crime Squad. He was portrayed as an IRA member by a regional paper and served six years of a 10-year sentence. The conviction was finally quashed last year. Between his release and his successful appeal, he was found guilty in 1985 of robbing a Birmingham pub landlord. That conviction was quashed on appeal in 2013, but not before he had served 12 years inside, during which time he spent 47 days in a rooftop protest and hunger strike at Nottingham jail. His wife Valerie even scaled a nearby roof in a show of solidarity. Last year, Mr Foran held a three-week protest outside the Ministry of Justice in London as part of his compensation fight. He said he was told the justice secretary would speak to the West Midlands chief constable, but has not heard any update about this since. Speaking exclusively to the BBC, he said the London protest "nearly killed me". "It is affecting my health but I will continue fighting to my grave. My health is worsening." He added: "I've had to walk the streets trying to find a solicitor who would represent me on a no-win no-fee basis. It has been soul-destroying. "I can't even afford to run the car and the phone is about to be cut off. I'm also behind with the gas and electricity bill." Mr Foran said his dying wish is to get an apology for his family. "It destroys me that no-one has apologised to my wife Valerie and children for what has happened as they have suffered more than I have," he added. "I would like to be able to go on holiday with my wife and enjoy what time we have left, but I cannot do this." Speaking about Mr Foran's case, a Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "The fact that a conviction has been quashed by the Court of Appeal does not mean it was necessarily a miscarriage of justice." The BBC has yet to receive a response from West Midlands Police.
He told the United Nations General Assembly that world leaders, notably Germany and Canada, have vowed to double the number from last year. "We are facing a crisis of epic proportion," Mr Obama said. About 21 million refugees have been forced to flee their countries due to conflict or persecution, the UN says. Nine million people alone have been displaced by the six-year conflict in Syria while more than four million others have fled the war-torn country. "We cannot avert our eyes or turn our backs. To slam the door in the face of these families would betray our deepest values," he added. The US has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year - which begins on 1 October- compared with the 85,000 refugees it expects by the end of September. The president's remarks come a day after a US and Russia-brokered ceasefire unravelled, partly due to a US-led air strike over the weekend that mistakenly killed Syrian soldiers. Tensions continued on Monday when a strike, which witnesses say came from the air, hit an aid convoy at Urum al-Kubra, destroying 18 UN lorries and killing about 20 civilians. The UN has since suspended all aid convoys to Syria in response. Both Russia and Syria have insisted their forces were not behind the strike. The president's announcement also included a pledge by countries to increase financial contributions to UN appeals and humanitarian groups by about $4.5b (Â£3.5b) over 2015 levels. Participating countries have vowed to help fund schools for a million refugee children as well as assist in helping one million refugees work legally. Mr Obama used his eighth and final UN address as president to call for a "course correction" to ensure that extremism and violence does not drive countries into a more divided world. "Together, now, we have to open our hearts and do more to help refugees who are desperate for a home," he said. Though he made no direct mention of the US, Mr Obama said wealthy countries with the resources should do more to help. In what appeared to be a dig at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, he added: "The world is too small for us to simply be able to build a wall and prevent (extremism) from affecting our own societies." Hours earlier, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon also expressed concern over the conflict in Syria, saying there was "no military solution". "Gulfs of mistrust divide citizens from their leaders. Extremists push people into camps of 'us' and 'them'," Mr Ban said, taking the world stage for the last time as secretary general. "The Earth assails us with rising seas, record heat and extreme storms. And danger defines the days of many."
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) are inviting new bidders for the tournament. Caf say that countries wishing to host the tournament have until 30 September to express their interest. A decision on Libya's replacement will be made next year. African football's ruling body also state that because of the limited time left to organise the 2017 Nations Cup, the Caf Executive Committee will select a host country who can guarantee that accommodation, transportation and hotel facilities, as well as training sites and stadiums already exist. Libya has endured weeks of recent chaos as the government struggles to control former rebel groups who helped topple former leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Libya were originally scheduled to hold the Nations Cup in 2013 but because of the civil war swapped with 2017 hosts South Africa. The north African country had been planning to build 11 stadiums at a cost of $314 million, including a showpiece new 60,000-seater Austrian-built stadium on the site of a former military camp in Tripoli. Benghazi and Misrata were also set to have new major stadiums. Libya's government said last year it hoped the hosting of the Nations Cup would allow it to demonstrate that life had returned to normal in the country and encourage investors. Former World Cup winner Franz Beckenbauer had accepted a role as an "ambassador" to help promote the tournament and the country and the former Spain coach Javier Clemente was hired to prepare their team for the tournament. Caf's decision follows the visit of a delegation from the Libyan FA to Caf's headquarters in Cairo this week. Libya also delayed the scheduled start of their new league season earlier this month because of the fighting while teams competing in international competitions in recent months have been holding home matches in neighbouring Tunisia. In February, Libya claimed their first senior African title, winning the 2014 African Nations Championship (CHAN), a tournament they were originally set to host. The civil unrest in the country meant that the event ended up taking place in South Africa instead. Caf are due to decide the host countries for the 2019 and 2021 Nations Cup finals at a meeting in Addis Ababa on 20 September. Algeria, Cameroon, Guinea, Ivory Coast and Zambia are bidding.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) suspended Russia from the Rio Games starting on 7 September because of state-sponsored doping. Putin said the ruling was "cynical" and "humiliates those who take such decisions". Only Russian track and field athletes were banned from the Olympics. Putin, speaking at an award ceremony for Russian Olympians at the Kremlin, said the country would hold special competitions for banned Paralympic athletes, with the winners awarded the same prizes as in Rio. Foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Russian Paralympians had taken "collective responsibility for an unproven crime".
Media playback is not supported on this device . World number one Selby, the 2014 champion, looked impressive as he went 3-0 ahead with half-century breaks in frames two and three. Hong Kong's Fu hit back with a 72, and the pair shared four frames after the mid-session interval. China's Ding Junhui leads Alan McManus 6-2 in the other semi-final. Both Ding and Fu are hoping to become the first Asian player to win the sport's showpiece event. But Fu's chances appear fainter than Ding's after a characteristically dogged effort by Leicester's Selby in the best-of-33 contest. World number 14 Fu began anxiously, perhaps affected by the late jitters that saw him surrender a 9-1 lead in his 13-11 win over Barry Hawkins. Selby won a scrappy opener in which both men wasted a couple of chances, and he also took the second frame with a diligent 56. At 3-0 behind Fu made the most of a decent opening to score a well-constructed 72 before pinching a thrilling fifth frame full of incredible escapes, missed chances and numerous flukes. A 31-minute frame then went Selby's way for him to lead to 4-2 before they shared the final two frames, Fu with a fluent 89 and Selby scoring 69. Fu fought back impressively to keep alive his chances of going one better than Thailand's James Wattana - the first player from Asia to reach the last four at the Crucible. In 1993, the same year as the first of Wattana's two appearances, McManus graced that stage of the event for the second time . But, 23 years on, the veteran Scot's hopes of progressing further look slim. Ding was in intimidating form from the start, opening with a break of 100 and scoring two further tons and two half-centuries to go 5-0 up. McManus, at 45, the oldest man to reach a Crucible semi-final since Ray Reardon in 1985, had scored just 47 points. But he showed his tactical nous to win two lengthy frames and get back to 5-2, before Ding ended with a 128. McManus did little wrong in the first five frames, but had every minor mistake punished by the world number 17. Ding had to win three qualifying rounds to reach this stage, but seems to have benefited from the extra table time. The 29-year-old has looked increasingly sharp, and has stayed fresh thanks to his fluent form which earned him an extra day's rest for beating Mark Williams inside two sessions in the quarter-finals. John Parrott, 1991 world champion: "Ding was superb. His break building and his match play has been fantastic. But I think he needed to win the last frame. The way he dominated the session, if he hadn't come out of it at least 6-2 he would have been kicking himself."
The much-anticipated film sparked controversy last week after it emerged it would feature a "gay moment". It was due for release in Malaysia on Thursday, but Disney said it was being held for a "review" of its content. The Malaysian Censorship Board (LPF) said on Tuesday it had approved the screening but with "a minor edit concerning a gay moment in the film". Homosexual activity is illegal in Muslim majority Malaysia, although the country's tourism minister has said banning the film is "ridiculous". A new release date has yet to be announced. The live-action remake was granted a "P13 parental guidance classification". "We have approved the film so there is no more issue. Once a film receives approval, it means it can be screened," LPF Chairman Datuk Abdul Hamid said. "However, the date of screening and where the screening takes place is not under LPF's jurisdiction. We only look at the content and give a decision on whether the movie gets approved or not." Local cinema chains have been offering refunds for customers who have purchased tickets in advance. Beauty and the Beast director Bill Condon has spoken about the "exclusively gay moment" in the film. It involves LeFou - the sidekick of the film's main antagonist Gaston - who tries to come to terms with feelings for Gaston that swing between lust and admiration, as a side-plot to the main story. The decision to review the Disney classic in Malaysia courted criticism from netizens, many of whom called it "stupid and laughable". "Malaysia bans 'Beauty and the Beast' but is okay with nonsense Malay movies with no moral values, just full of brainless jokes," wrote a Twitter user in a tweet which drew more than 4,500 re-tweets. Priyanka Laxmiâ€ .
Media playback is not supported on this device . World champion Hamilton started from the back, suffered a broken front wing on lap one and did five pit stops. The Briton faces the prospect of trying to overhaul a 36-point deficit in the remaining 18 races of the season. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with team-mate Kimi Raikkonen on the first lap. The incident damaged both cars, with Raikkonen fighting back to fifth behind the Red Bulls of Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo. Raikkonen's rise through the field included passing Hamilton in the closing stages, Ferrari's decision to use soft tyres for the final stint as opposed to the mediums chosen by Mercedes giving the Finn an advantage as the Briton fought in vain to try to pass the Williams of Felipe Massa. Hamilton will express his confidence at being able to erode Rosberg's points lead and will expect his awful luck of the first three races to turnaround - but the fact remains that no driver who has won the first three races of a season has failed to go on to claim the World Championship. The race was shaped by an incident-packed opening, with a number of collisions on the first lap leading to the introduction of the safety car on lap four. By that stage, Hamilton and Raikkonen had already pitted once to replace front wings damaged in first-corner collisions. Raikkonen moved right into Vettel's path as the German moved left to ensure he was not tagged by an aggressive dive down the inside by Kvyat. Hamilton was then turned into by Sauber's Felipe Nasr as he avoided Raikkonen's damaged car swerving back on to the circuit. Vettel confronted Kvyat about the incident in the pre-podium room after the race, saying: "If I don't go left, you crash into us and we all three go out - you are like a torpedo." Kvyat replied: "We didn't crash." Vettel responded: "You didn't. You were lucky this time." Kvyat shrugged: "I'm on the podium; you're on the podium." In the post-race interviews, Kvyat added: "You see the gap, you go for it on the inside. You see one car it is hard to see both. It was a risky move, I agree with Seb but you have to take risks and I am on the podium." Listen to Vettel's post-race rant . At the front, Ricciardo had made a stunning start to take the lead from pole-sitter Rosberg at the first corner. In the process his left-rear wheel had been tagged by Rosberg's front wing. Whether it was that or the debris on the track, Ricciardo suffered a left-rear puncture on lap three, allowing the Mercedes to pass. Ricciardo would almost certainly not have been able to hold off Rosberg in any case, but his removal from the lead left the German serene out front. Mercedes decided not to stop him under the safety car and when the race re-started on lap nine, Rosberg simply drove off into the distance. Listen to the first-lap madness . Hamilton, meanwhile, was in the wars. Mercedes stopped him twice under the safety car, doing only one lap on the super-soft tyres in an attempt to ensure he could use only the softs for the rest of the race. So Hamilton had done three stops within the first six laps and he was lying third from last at the restart. He began his fightback from there, with the Ferraris doing the same - Vettel starting from 11th and Raikkonen not far behind Hamilton, who said his progress had been affected by damage to the car in the incident with Nasr. "The car was pretty damaged," said the 31-year-old afterwards. "I'm sure it was some aero components but I think it was the suspension as well because it was flexing all over the place." Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff said the front wing had damaged the leading edge of the floor and the barge boards when it came off and that the car had lost a "lot of aerodynamic performance". After a further switch to the medium compound tyres to last the race, Hamilton was not able to recover as much ground as the Ferraris and faces an uphill battle if he is to stop Rosberg winning his first world title this year. Chinese Grand Prix race results . Chinese Grand Prix coverage details .
Officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend. Last month, eight people were killed in Oaxaca in clashes between the demonstrators and police. The protesters oppose reforms that allow the federal authorities to remove teachers who fail evaluation exams. Members of the CNTE union, which has a history of radical activism, have been blocking roads in Oaxaca and other states ever since the union leaders were arrested in early June. The roadblocks have prevented food deliveries to some remote areas in the region, the government says. "There are no products," says Araceli Hernandez Ramirez, manager of a grocery store in Puente de Coyula. She says she has no rice, corn or flour to sell to her customers. "They go home empty-handed," she said. In a strongly worded message on Friday, Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong said the unrest had hurt millions of people and "the blockades and damages to the citizenry must end". "The time is up," he said, warning that "the necessary decisions will soon be taken to allow transit on strategic roads". The CNTE union opposes education reforms introduced by President Enrique Pena Nieto in 2013. The changes include new measures to assess teachers' performance.
The Amateur International Boxing Association has said pro boxers will compete in Rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month. But Tyson, 49, a former Junior Olympic winner, said: "Some pro fighters are going to get beat by the amateurs. "It's just going to happen, I really believe that." Tyson won gold at the 1981 and 1982 Junior Olympics and, speaking at the 33rd IBF convention in China, said professional boxers would find the fast-paced fighting style of their amateur counterparts difficult to contend with. "If they are like the amateur fighters that I was fighting in the 80s... they are going to beat some of the champions, it's just going to happen," he insisted. Lennox Lewis, another former world heavyweight champion and Olympic gold medallist, is also not in favour of the idea, branding it "preposterous". Tyson has also revealed he is an admirer of Briton and controversial current world champion Tyson Fury. Fury ended Wladimir Klitschko's nine-year reign as champion in November but has become better know since for a string of outspoken remarks. "One guy, Tyson Fury, I like to watch him because he has my name and stuff," Tyson said. "Everybody says 'ah, he's a bum', but I like him. "He beat Klitschko, so what are you going to say? That this guy is still a bum, but he beat the greatest fighter in the last 15 years?"
The 27-year-old pleaded not guilty at Durham Crown Court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming. The winger, who has played 12 times for England, was arrested in March. Johnson, from Castle Eden, County Durham, was released on conditional bail ahead of his trial on 24 August. The three counts of sexual activity relate to a single night in January at two locations in County Durham, while the grooming offence was said to have happened between December and February. Born in Sunderland, Johnson began his career at Middlesbrough before moving to Manchester City and then Sunderland for Â£10m in 2012.
The latest Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 52.7 last month, down from January's reading of 55.6. Any figure above 50 means expansion, but the rise in service sector activity was the weakest since March 2013. The service sector accounts for more than three-quarters of the UK economy. Surveys from Markit/CIPS earlier in the week put the manufacturing sector's PMI at 50.8 and construction at 54.2. "The weaker increase in services activity mainly reflected a slower expansion in the volume of incoming new business," the survey said. Markit chief economist Chris Williamson added: "Survey responses reveal that firms are worried about signs of faltering demand, but boardrooms have also become unsettled by concerns regarding the increased risk of 'Brexit', financial market volatility and weak economic growth at home and abroad." He added that the extent of the slowdown would come as a "shock" to policymakers and would put an end to talk of a possible interest rate rise. Mr Williamson described February's three PMI readings as "a triple whammy of disappointing survey news". Last week, official figures confirmed that the UK economy grew 0.5% in the final three months of 2015, with the services sector highlighted as the key factor driving growth. The Office for National Statistics said the "buoyancy" of services had offset the "relative sluggishness" of the rest of the UK economy. Signs of weakening growth in the UK economy have pushed back estimates of when the Bank of England might begin to raise interest rates. Commenting on the latest PMI survey, Jeremy Cook, chief economist at World First, said: "The May Bank of England meeting had previously been seen as a possible time for a rate hike. The volatility of global markets and the self-inflicted wound of the EU referendum put paid to that months ago. "We still believe, however, that some measures that foresee the Bank of England holding rates at 0.5% until 2020 are little short of absurd." Martin Beck, senior economic adviser to the EY Item Club, said the PMI readings would provide "plenty of food for thought" for the Bank of England's rate-setting Monetary Policy Committee. He added: "Members will have to judge the degree to which the surveys are flagging a genuine slowdown in activity growth, or merely reacting to the negative headlines since the start of the year. In reality, growth may be softening, but perhaps not as sharply as the survey data suggest." Meanwhile, a similar survey indicated that eurozone businesses had their worst month for more than a year in February, bolstering the case for more monetary policy easing by the European Central Bank. Markit's final composite PMI, which is regarded as a good guide to growth, fell to 53 last month from January's 53.6 - its lowest reading since the start of 2015. However, that was better than the preliminary reading of 52.7 and well above the 50 mark that denotes growth.
Sally Shalloe, 51, of Attenborough, Nottinghamshire, died when her bicycle was hit by David Staley's motorbike in Middleton Boulevard in April last year. At Nottingham Crown Court, Staley, 32, admitted causing Ms Shalloe's death by dangerous driving. Staley, of Arnold, Nottingham, is due to be sentenced on 13 May. Ms Shalloe worked as a research fellow at the University of Nottingham, and husband Jim Hill said his wife previously produced studies on road safety. "She was cycling to work that morning," said Mr Hill, who had been married to Ms Shalloe for 16 years. "I had a policewoman walk into my work office and tell me she'd been killed. It was like being split in two with an axe. "It's turned my life upside down completely. I've got a constant feeling of loss." Staley was disqualified from the roads before being bailed ahead of his sentencing.
A software "issue" meant polling cards and some postal votes were sent out to some "non eligible" voters. They are still awaiting responses from six councils so the number could rise. Leave campaigners Iain Duncan Smith and Bernard Jenkin have expressed "serious concerns" about the "conduct of the EU referendum and its franchise". They have written to the prime minister complaining of "many and varied" examples of EU nationals being sent polling cards. On Friday, the Electoral Commission confirmed the numbers affected so far, and said the software provider had since "resolved the issue". Any postal votes wrongly issued would be cancelled and none of those affected would appear as an eligible voter on the electoral registers used at polling stations, it said. EU citizens from non-UK countries are not entitled to vote, unless they are citizens of the Irish Republic, Cyprus or Malta. But Mr Duncan Smith has said a Nottingham City Council officer had emailed a Vote Leave supporter to say the council was unable to check whether people put their correct nationality on an application, and had to assume the information submitted was correct. Kingston-upon-Thames council in south-west London said a Polish citizen in the area - whose case had been highlighted by the Guido Fawkes website - was sent a polling card because he had put "British" as his nationality on the electoral register. British, Irish and Commonwealth citizens resident in the UK and many British citizens living abroad are entitled to vote in the referendum. You can check with your local authority's electoral services team if you are worried that you are not on the register. If you are not on the register you have until midnight on Tuesday, 7 June to submit an application for a vote. The deadlines for applying for a postal vote at the referendum are: . In England, Scotland or Wales, you can register to vote online anytime at gov.uk/register-to-vote. If you are a British citizen living abroad, you can register to vote online in the same way. In Northern Ireland, visit the government's Register to vote in Northern Ireland page to download a registration form. If you are an Irish citizen living abroad who was born in Northern Ireland, visit the Electoral Office for Northern Ireland website to download the correct form.
It is hoped the theatre, founded in 1875, will be used for theatrical performances, cinema screenings, comedy and live music. The BBC studios, at the eastern end of the Palace, will also be repaired and refurbished. If successful in raising funds it is hoped the theatre will reopen in 2018. The theatre and studios form part of a larger east wing restoration project to transform Alexandra Palace into a new cultural destination. As part of the renovations, the glazed east court will become a space for the public and for exhibitions. Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) is contributing £18.8m towards the project, while Haringey Council is contributing £6.8m. The entire east wing will be refurbished at a cost of £26.6m. Alexandra Park and Palace Charitable Trust have committed to raising the final £1m by summer 2017. The theatre, which has languished unused for decades, still has much of its original decor and stage machinery in place. It was created to showcase opera, musicals, plays and all kinds of entertainment, even hosting early cinema screenings.
About 10 hotels, pubs and club houses were also closed, officials said. Some estimates put Lagos' population at around 20 million, creating a constant background of noise - from the blaring of car horns, to the Muslim call to prayer and loud singing in churches. The state government has vowed to make the city, the biggest in Africa, noise-free by 2020. Africa Live: More on this and other news stories . In August, the Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency (LEPA) closed 22 premises after residents complained about noise emanating from them. Following the latest crackdown, its general manager Bola Shabi said the agency would no longer allow people to pray in makeshift buildings and tents. Mr Shabi said noise levels had been reduced by about 35%, but this was not a "pass mark yet". "Enforcement is a continuous exercise and we have set a target for ourselves. We want to ensure that Lagos is noise-free by the year 2020," he said. Mr Shabi said mosques complied with their instructions more than churches because when they are ordered to shut down, they "instantly bring down their speakers or reduce the noise they make''. Nigerians are extremely religious, with a large number of evangelical churches operating in Lagos. Christians form the majority in the city. In 2014, 116 people died when a building owned by popular televangelist TB Joshua collapsed in Lagos.
Harvey, 21, scored five goals in 50 league appearances for the Pilgrims but rejected the offer a new contract. Manager Gary Mills is also considering signing ex-Burton Albion striker Shaun Harrad, who has been training with the Dragons. Harrad is a free agent after finishing the 2015-16 season at Torquay, who are keen to re-sign the 31-year-old. "He's experienced, knows the leagues and has scored an abundance of goals in his career," Mills told BBC Wales Sport. "I managed him at Notts County when he was a younger player so he could well be part of us as well." Full-back Jordan Evans has also been on trial with the National League side following his release from Championship club Fulham. Evans is a product of Wrexham's academy and Mills said the 20-year-old could sign for the club ahead of their opening league game against Dover Athletic on 6 August.
