rather than instructing shareholders to vote in favour of eisner 's deal , the pst and club presidents have told fans to make up their own minds .
khan is one of bollywood 's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 hindi - language films .
plans for a housing development at the site were rejected and earlier this month the developers sought a council review of the decision .
all of those killed were members of the colombian air force .
two other monet paintings were also offered in the sale , la seine a argenteuil which sold for # 8.5 m and antibes , vue du plateau notre - dame , which sold for # 7.9 m.
on 11 and 12 december 1948 - when malaya was still a british colony - 24 villagers were killed by a platoon of scots guards during a raid at batang kali .
the isle of wight council welcomed the plan and said it was currently in discussion with hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of sandown beach for the service .
he had therefore directed the central bank to ` ` immediately issue comprehensive regulations '' for the activities of the firms , ` ` upon which their suspension would be lifted '' .
the toughest period of his career began one december morning last year , when a knock at the door at campbell 's home preceded a dramatic arrest in front of his family , and did not end until nine months later when he was finally cleared of any wrongdoing .
a police scotland spokesman said a disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats .
` ` father christmas will visit our wards on christmas morning and every child in the hospital will receive a sack full of presents .
he graciously handed his over - and rather than trying to ring jony i ve or order 5,000 lattes as steve jobs had on stage , i brandished it at the camera for my ten o'clock news piece .
the woman , who is 41 , has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice .
last month , the welsh government successfully applied for a compulsory purchase order on the former owner of the market hall and the work is being funded by a Â # 2.3 m lottery grant .
ghana 's airport operator said the plane , which had flown from lagos , nigeria , overshot the runway .
` ` hopefully the anglo - welsh cup can be the catalyst to kick on in the premiership .
coach pedro martinez losa said : ` ` we are very pleased that alex has signed a new contract with us .
` ` i was out of contract with dundee united and at the time they were only prepared to offer a one - year contract , '' he said .
the university , which owns the buildings , and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments .
the poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children .
32,000 to hunt lions in the wild .
the petition has been organised as an exercise called a european citizens ' initiative which can lead to a public hearing in the european parliament and require the european commission to give a formal response explaining why it is accepting or rejecting what the petitioners call for .
england test captain cook , who has already scored two centuries this season against gloucestershire and sussex , hit seven fours and a six off england team - mate moeen ali as he completed a more sedate fifty off 112 balls .
they were in our pockets . ''
several appeals for information were made after toilets were vandalised at the game and offensive effigies of rangers fans were hung from the stands .
executive producer chris stafford said : ` ` for us this is something that is the culmination of three and a half years ' worth of work , but also we really hope it to be a fitting tribute to sue , that will really introduce adrian mole hopefully to a new generation of audiences . ''
five bodies were found late on tuesday and emergency workers found a sixth victim some 200 m -lrb- 650 ft -rrb- from the site , minister jorge gomes told portuguese media .
the dean , the very reverend stephen lake , said : ` ` this will ensure that young girls and boys will be lifting their voices in song at gloucester cathedral for many years to come . ''
catch bbc wales sport 's ` ` wales : the road to the euros '' - our very special documentary on the history of welsh football - on bbc iplayer .
` ` to have the opportunity to play for them in the top division is amazing . ''
the 42-year - old man was discovered in wetland at the medmerry nature reserve , in earnley , on tuesday by coastguards .
` ` we would particularly like to hear from two people who saw the man in the early hours of wednesday morning .
the start of the second half mirrored the start of the first with one team dominating but the other one scoring .
he explained that in the emerging economies , apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers .
an ea spokesman said : ` ` after consideration of all the facts relating to the company and the site , the ea has now decided to revoke the environmental permit .
our correspondent says it will decide whether to include the abortion law in its recommended changes to the constitution , which will be put to a referendum .
libya 's government said last year it hoped the hosting of the nations cup would allow it to demonstrate that life had returned to normal in the country and encourage investors .
at 3 - 0 behind fu made the most of a decent opening to score a well - constructed 72 before pinching a thrilling fifth frame full of incredible escapes , missed chances and numerous flukes .
officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend .
the 27-year - old pleaded not guilty at durham crown court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming .
in august , the lagos state environmental protection agency -lrb- lepa -rrb- closed 22 premises after residents complained about noise emanating from them .
evans is a product of wrexham 's academy and mills said the 20-year - old could sign for the club ahead of their opening league game against dover athletic on 6 august .
