on a day - to - day basis mr choe says he still draws on his experience as a young man , who - having been given a scholarship by the shangri - la hotel group to study at cornell university in the us - came back to asia to learn about the hospitality industry .
` ` the accident meant the motorway was closed , making travel to mourneview park impossible for the team and fans travelling from belfast , '' said the irish football association .
questioned by andrew marr , the pm refused to say four times if she had known about the test ahead of the vote .
williams ' lawyer malcolm cunningham told cnn in a statement : ` ` ms williams entered the intersection on a green light .
instead , it told the west african nation to ` ` take all necessary steps to ensure than no new drilling either by ghana or under its control takes place in the disputed area '' and to ` ` refrain from granting any new permit for oil exploration and exploitation in the disputed area '' .
belfast city council is not commenting in detail on the issue , as an investigation has been called into the storing of pallets .
but the bbc has said only one animal was chased by the snakes - with other iguanas only filmed for close - ups .
fellow campaigner anne williams , who died in april 2013 , was honoured with the helen rollason award at the bbc sports personality of the year ceremony in 2013 .
the report was commissioned by the government 's chief scientist , sir john beddington , following the decision last year to halt the uk 's most advanced project , in lancashire , after fracking caused small earth tremors .
nadia rose 's debut album highly flammable is released on 13 january by sony / relentless records .
she said : ` ` i could n't be more excited to join the amazing panel of coaches on the voice uk . ''
dyke also said chelsea could play home games at wembley in the near future .
the men 's and women 's teams had their # 2.92 m funding to support elite athletes removed after london 2012 .
conservative party chairman sir patrick mcloughlin said : ` ` jeremy corbyn has shown once again that all labour offer is a recipe for economic ruin , while they 're totally out of touch with the public 's concerns on immigration as we leave the eu . ''
china 's deployment of long - range surface - to - air missiles to the south china sea is a clear escalation , but it is not a surprise .
head teachers warned that despite the high profile reports following the trojan horse claims , the response had been inadequate .
the mines are closed , the economy is now focussed on some remnants of small industry , retail and elsewhere .
de roon moved to teesside in june 2016 for an initial # 8.8 m fee and played 33 premier league games last term .
omar , the son of refugees from iraqi kurdistan , was featured in the local press there .
` ` regarding the playing , i know in my head that things are slowly coming to an end , '' he told bbc sport .
the governing body will invest # 125 m to improve existing community facilities and is hoping to source a further # 125 m through matched funding .
the state department said mr dawes was turned over to russian authorities .
bhs.com will sell roughly 75 % of the items available on the former online shop , including bedroom , bathroom , cushion and lighting ranges .
clare goulbourn - lay , a royal berkshire hospital midwife , set up the petition to express her concerns about the potential consequences of the scheme .
her boyfriend kyrron jackson , 28 , and his friend nicholas chandler , 29 , were found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years .
the prospect of a second independence referendum has been at the core of the tory campaign , and indeed their entire revival in scotland .
the occupants of all three vehicles were injured , but the extent of their injuries was not known , police said .
the lawyer told the three appeal court judges that the prosecution service would not be making any submissions to uphold the conviction and invited them to exercise their discretion to quash it .
` ` many businesses and a few residents in the area were evacuated .
australia 's honours system
the first leg of that tie ended 1 - 0 to villarreal .
the party 's economy spokesman rhun ap iorwerth warned steel 's troubles were a ` ` canary in the mine '' , warning of deeper problems across a range of industries .
during the court case , the sheriff heard how tempers flared as members of the far - right anti - immigration scottish defence league staged a counter demonstration against pro - refugee demonstrators on 15 november last year .
it 's the fifth coin portrait to have been created during the queen 's reign .
the lion was believed to have escaped on friday , and a farmer who spotted lion tracks on his farm alerted park officials , south africa 's news24 website reports .
the schoolroom is funded with aid from britain .
camilla bought a box of mangoes with a brixton Â # 10 note , introduced last year to try to keep the money of local people within the community .
their findings suggest that 19.6 million people in china could be exposed to unsafe levels in their drinking water , including some living in areas areas not previously thought to be at risk .
watch : england v south africa highlights iplayer
the anglo - welsh cup did not take place last year due to the 2015 rugby world cup .
it has also fed into ongoing discussions on the tricky issue of how best to remember lee kuan yew , a beloved idol who hated being one .
the woman said one of her biggest wishes in life was to start a family .
davis , who played the role of wicket in the third of the original star war movies , is also appearing in the forthcoming star wars : episode vii .
the india today website quoted police as saying that the men were charged because of the anti - india slogans and not because they were cheering for pakistan .
the jnr is the militant wing of a far - right movement known as the third way .
defeat for la rochelle was the french top 14 leaders ' first at home this season .
three of the victims were 15 and two were left with life - threatening injuries .
a police scotland spokesman said a disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats .
the remains are believed to be those of men and boys who died of contagious diseases on board floating prisons , known as prison hulks , which were moored off the isle of sheppey more than 200 years ago .
the 29-year - old scot has signed a two - year contract with the gloucestershire outfit .
in other words : it just did n't really catch on .
voges remained unbeaten at the close on 128 alongside john simpson -lrb- 28 -rrb- as middlesex finished the day on 342 - 3 .
` ` as a council , we are delighted that the llanbedr airfield site has been selected as one of eight possible locations for the uk spaceport , '' he said .
a north wales police spokesman issued an appeal for motorists who drove along the main a548 towyn coast road between 23:30 bst on monday to 09:00 on tuesday to send any footage they have .
a study led by goldsmiths , university of london , found british army infantry troops spent less than 47 % of their time on the western front between 1914 and 1918 .
it was n't just the weather that made the stevensons leave the uk .
speaking in an interview with bbc newsnight 's diplomatic and defence editor mark urban , he said uk policy in syria had been hampered by ` ` wishful thinking '' - and officials underestimated the staying power of president bashar al - assad .
hamilton admitted ferrari ` ` did a better job '' than mercedes in melbourne .
pte james was one of four soldiers found dead at deepcut , in camberley , between 1995 and 2002 .
he admitted six counts of sexual activity with a child , one of grooming and one of taking indecent photographs of a child .
allegations of collusion between the trump team and russian officials during the election have dogged the president 's first five months in office .
a report to the local authority described publication as ` ` the most important stage of the project for determining the programme and successfully obtaining funding '' .
the new advice comes after the asa decided some of britain 's youtube stars broke advertising rules .
both were found to have died from immersion pulmonary oedema - when a diver experiences an accumulation of fluid in the lungs .
this new rocket was part of nasa 's effort to contract out ` ` routine '' cargo resupply to the international space station .
he set himself on fire outside the holiest buddhist shrine in the country - the temple of the tooth in the central city of kandy .
nevertheless , sniffles aside , president calderon nominated mr carstens to be the next head of the bank of mexico , a post he has held for the past year and a half .
another west yorkshire teenager , hasib hussein , was almost 19 when he blew himself up on a london bus in the 7 july 2005 attacks .
caram kapp , one of the artists , told the bbc : ` ` in this graffiti we are trying to call for a more differentiated view of the region , and we 're also trying to say that things are n't as simple as they seem on this show . ''
during his trial at the old bailey , the jury was told he forced a 14-year - old girl to perform a sex act on him after getting her drunk .
canon philip barratt said all the hymns and readings at the funeral , which was also open to members of the public , were chosen by warren .
warnock has outlined his proposals to owner vincent tan and hopes the malaysian businessman backs them .
ms blake added : ` ` the oldest carnival in europe is here in leeds .
one group that is particularly exasperated with the candidates appears to be younger voters , with one survey finding that many of them would rather see a giant meteor destroy earth than vote for hillary clinton or donald trump .
perhaps it 's because men are squeamish , or do n't like to talk about their health or visit the doctor , but prostate cancer has long been dubbed ` ` the cinderella cancer '' .
the scale of the criminal operation has been detailed by the three sources , who say they were employed by two front - companies set up by a gang of professional fraudsters .
the big bang theory 's kaley cuoco was the second - highest paid actress , earning $ 24.5 m -lrb- # 18.6 m -rrb- .
in april , tata sold its long - products division , based in scunthorpe , to greybull capital , a uk - based investment firm .
hook 's return to ospreys comes after fly - half sam davies and back - row forwards justin tipuric , dan baker and dan lydiate all signed new deals with the region .
the voter turnout in sunday 's election was an abysmal 7.1 % - the lowest in decades - and came as a huge setback for the region 's mainstream parties .
however , jason doherty 's goal helped mayo take control early in extra time .
as a result of the dispute between the government and the bma , there were four strikes by junior doctors in england affecting routine - but not urgent care - between january and early april .
earlier , an audio recording was released of what was said to be communication between air traffic controllers and pilots at san francisco 's airport on 7 july .
` ` the best we will get out of nile is probably a week 's work and that wo n't be enough for him to be fit for the -lsb- start of the -rsb- season . ''
` ` i do n't want the pressure of being the top man in snooker any more .
hong kong had the priciest petrol , while amsterdam was the most expensive for a daily car rental , the report said .
at 17 , he started as a plasterer 's apprentice with ellesmere port borough council , where he became a plasterer .
the ex - salford forward takes charge after a season which saw haven relegated from the championship , despite winning three of the final five games in the super 8s .
the use of gaelic in the email is poor , according to speakers on the isles .
leicester 's development team travels to cheltenham on 10 january , in a second - round match postponed because of the foxes ' champions league schedule .
in a statement , they said : ` ` our father has sadly passed away whilst in france supporting northern ireland at the euros , surrounded by all his friends and family .
` ` it 's up to radio 1 to get that next generation of broadcasting talent . ''
when the blanket ban took effect , it became illegal to advertise , sell , supply , import or export psychoactive substances in the republic of ireland .
zyro is the third wolves player to suffer a serious knee injury this season .
hythe ferry runs between hythe and southampton , serviced by a train which runs along a 640 m -lrb- 2,000 ft -rrb- pier .
buttler leads england for the first time in a one - day international as the team look to make amends for the 15-run defeat by bangladesh in adelaide that knocked them out of the world cup last year .
but the apple watch is different .
the shifting focus of the front raises two questions - one related to domestic politics and the other of eu - wide significance .
clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned .
` ` the financial reporting council which controls the cadbury code , and is a rather timid body , should get stronger , '' lord myners told the bbc 's today programme .
harris , though , told reporters the bbc should have ` ` a dedicated books programme '' .
the council of state is an advisory body that aids and counsels the president .
how she heard of the attack while enjoying a day out on a french beach to the north with friends , the alerts pinging on their phones .
life expectancy is going up all round , but the rates for men are increasing faster .
connor williams , 17 , and conor tiley , 18 , both from aberbargoed , died in a crash on new road , tir - y - berth , hengoed , on 3 january .
with time ticking down , wales messed up another line - out in the australia 22 , and the wallabies broke out from their own line through mitchell .
more than a dozen people were killed when it erupted in 2014 .
` ` we support people 's right to dress and appear as they want so , while we regret jeremy paxman 's decision to shave off his gravitas - adding beard , the choice should be entirely up to him , bbc pogonophobia notwithstanding . ''
world number three mcilroy scored the joint - lowest round of the day , along with american rickie fowler - who moved into a tie for 11th .
` ` the first is to keep the club in ligue 1 , and then i would also like to win a trophy with lille . ''
there were also examples of parents being abusive on social media , it added .
images from chennai show the difficulties people have been facing to access essential services .
this quiz is day seven and asks questions about the month of july 2016 .
it will now be an offence to be a member of any of the groups in the uk .
williams , 25 , suffered the ankle injury during wales ' win over south africa .
but to lose a big boy like that is an opportunity for someone else . ''
four - time major winner mcilroy is the only two - time winner of the race to dubai - the european tour 's season - long event - having claimed titles in 2012 and 2014 .
neville said the scheme would make a ` ` significant contribution '' to the growth of manchester city centre and create 1,500 jobs .
this picture from feras kilani shows the destruction of a neighbourhood on the outskirts of the city .
phillips , the joint stadium and welsh rugby union chief executive , added : ` ` we 're in conversations with various boxing promoters .
the employees , who worked in four takeaways , are alleged to have been living and working in the country illegally .
` ` as of 1 may , amazon eu sarl is recording retail sales made to customers through these branches in the uk , germany , spain and italy .
conte announced in march that he would step down as italy coach after euro 2016 .
a turkish fighter jet was shot down by syria over the mediterranean in june 2012 , after syrian forces said it had entered the country 's airspace .
the metal gates leading into his winery remain securely shut throughout our interview , and inside the winery 's main building , images from across his vineyard flicker on a bank of screens .
the inquest heard mr stanley was snorkelling in a bay when a rigid inflatable boat started up .
flappy bird has been downloaded more than 50 million times , making it this year 's most popular mobile game so far .
that is going to be a headache for spacex 's many customers who are waiting patiently for a ride .
other teams in the united states have created human - pig chimeric embryos but none has allowed the foetuses to be born .
the scot said he was impressed by leipzig 's desire to become one of europe 's top clubs and together they could be on the fast - lane to the top .
goodwin has until wednesday to respond to the complaint , with a hearing set for thursday .
but when paul gascoigne appeared on bt sport 's fletch and sav show , everyone listened , including russell .
eid al - fitr means : ` festival of the breaking of the fast ' and it is one of the biggest celebrations in the islamic year .
the court heard that morris and the schoolgirl - who can not be named for legal reasons - met at a tournament in liverpool when he was 27 and she was 14 .
initial results from a press association survey of town halls shows families in some areas are more likely to gain a place at their top choice than in others .
sea watch , a german organisation , said in a statement : ` ` the violent intervention of the libyan coast guard caused a situation of mass panic on board the rubber boat in distress .
the gang carried a handgun , a crowbar and a machete as they burst into the kirkcaldy home of dwayne kinner , who was with his cousin nicholas roberts .
it is to be auctioned in manchester on 16 october .
defeat in their first league game since winning the johnstone 's paint trophy means barnsley are now six points off the league one play - off positions .
the missiles were fired into the ` ` territorial waters of south korea along the east coast , '' a us military statement said .
` ` interest rates are entirely a matter for the independent bank of england , the monetary policy committee there , '' mr osborne said .
the colleague said he had been contacted by mr kennedy asking him to change the email 's classification level in ` ` exchange for a ` quid pro quo ' '' .
stephanie , a mother - of - eight , said convicted child sex offenders who remained on social media posed a huge risk .
pfa scotland 's chairman , former dundee united midfielder john rankin , told bbc scotland in april that gambling is ` ` rife '' throughout scottish football .
march figures indicate imax has 239 theatres in china , hong kong and taiwan , but the company says it is planning to build another 219 theatres in china .
but the deal collapsed because the government and the opposition were unable to agree on the power - sharing mechanism under the arrangement .
he was appointed chief constable of west yorkshire in april 2013 .
islam slimani -lrb- leicester city -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
although it will be several years before facebook hopes to have the technology ready , the maps could allow it to work out where the drones would have the most impact .
a police spokesman said : ` ` based on an assessment of the animal it has been put to sleep .
a heatwave in spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the uk .
germany 's exports were up by 2.4 % , but that was outstripped by import growth of 3.4 % .
` ` i was talking to the police officer in charge again .
three australian states - queensland , new south wales and victoria - already require children to be immunised , or be on an approved catch - up programme , to enrol in childcare centres .
det sup david swindle , who formed the operation , said anyone with information regarding peter tobin would still be able to contact the anagram incident room via e - mail which would be monitored daily .
he graciously handed his over - and rather than trying to ring jony i ve or order 5,000 lattes as steve jobs had on stage , i brandished it at the camera for my ten o'clock news piece .
elliot harvey tweeted : ` ` any ideas if it was planned to bring down the tall chimney at the power station , or is it another accident . ''
just before the barracks attack , a video released on social media showed the uniformed men saying they were rising against the ` ` murderous tyranny of president nicolÃ ¡ s maduro '' .
the second test against the all blacks is on saturday , 1 july .
one case resulted in a jury ordering gawker to pay hulk hogan $ 140 m -lrb- Â # 97 m -rrb- after it decided the publication of a sex tape featuring the ex - professional wrestler amounted to an invasion of privacy .
npd members have taken part in a series of anti - immigrant marches in germany .
spending on the nhs should also be paid for by a dedicated tax marked on every payslip , the former health minister suggested .
the wkbl says lee will be suspended for life and her records annulled .
the road has reopened after a security alert in the area .
kingsmill is among dozens of inquests dating from the early days of the troubles that face delay because not enough money is available to investigate or there is nobody to oversee fresh hearings .
dominic cavendish of the telegraph was among those won over : ` ` the spirit is one of send - up ; and scrooge is , perhaps for the first time ever , having a laugh - albeit at the expense of the poor ... .
he shot dead fritz bicknese , a chemist and father of 12 ; frans kusters , a dutch resistance member who owned a bicycle shop ; and teun de groot , who helped jews go into hiding .
lambing season is a busy time for farmers , with thousands of baby sheep being born across the uk .
hilary won the theakstons old peculier crime novel of the year award in harrogate on thursday .
a supreme court judgement in 2013 overturned this ruling and opened the way for a high court hearing .
donald trump has called mexico an enemy of the us , but on wednesday he said mexican president enrique pena nieto was his friend .
a force spokesman said the injured man was in a ` ` critical condition '' in derriford hospital .
scott harrison -lrb- hartlepool united -rrb- header from very close range is close , but misses to the right following a corner .
district judge bridget knight said the law had previously ruled that sleep walking was not a defence for drink driving .
elsewhere , a man in his 30s died after the car he was driving hit a fence at knockanour , castlebar , county mayo .
after his appointment as successor to graeme smith in june 2014 , amla captained the world number one side in 14 tests .
` ` he has the qualities to play at the very highest level . ''
lawro has been pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season and his opponent for the final round of fixtures was drummer ben thatcher from rock band royal blood .
pope benedict , who for the previous eight years was one of the world 's highest profile public figures , now keeps deliberately out of the limelight .
at tuesday 's campaign event in kenansville , the white house hopeful said : ` ` we 're going to rebuild our inner cities because our african - american communities are absolutely in the worst shape they ' ve ever been in before .
a man arrested in connection with the deaths has been released on bail .
isabelle linden -lrb- birmingham city ladies -rrb- header from very close range misses to the left .
the city 's biggest music venue is the famous colston hall , which can hold about 2,000 people .
swansea came into the match without a win in six games and fell behind at villa park to a jordan ayew strike .
lord harris , a former met police authority chair and member of the joint committee on the national security strategy , said the review was ` ` timely '' .
the norm has been for a number of months that the rate in wales is lower than the uk average , reversing years of it being the other way round .
staff at breckland council will not be paid in future for the time they take to have a cigarette after the proposals were given the go - ahead .
the royal couple are known to be fans of tennis and have previously been spotted attending games at wimbledon .
we just pray he stays here for another season . ''
victory - the 28th of his career in the top category - gives marquez a clear lead over second - placed rossi , with four races remaining .
kent police said he grabbed the woman , tried to cover her mouth with his hand , and forced her to the ground in the early hours in church lane .
rohingya muslims have been fleeing sectarian violence in myanmar for many years .
there is a huge amount at stake for both men in sunday 's final , with murray again looking to match fred perry , britain 's last male champion in 1935 .
russia did not receive a blanket ban from the ioc from the 2016 olympics in rio , opting to leave the decision to individual sports ' governing bodies .
on sunday labour said a different member connected to the row had been suspended .
a police spokesman said the attacker pulled the machete out of a sports bag as he approached a guard post outside the police hq .
she said she does n't ask for anything in return , and only hopes that the dpp will help her protect taiwan 's sovereignty ; she wants to keep being a taiwanese person . ''
his wales team - mate davies had a fine series .
but madigan added his fourth penalty to give leinster a four - point cushion , although scarlets at least had the consolation of a losing bonus point despite being dominated in the second half .
hodnet parish council has suggested brian wood takes a companion with him , to help pick it up .
in the past five years , three out of somerset 's 13 community hospitals have been replaced .
for more viewsnight , head over to bbc newsnight on facebook and on youtube
to see the taking of hundreds and hundreds of eggs from an important colony is quite sickening , '' he said .
` ` instead of clapping , the students are free to punch the air , pull excited faces and wriggle about on the spot .
the blogger was arrested in january 2014 for an article in which he lashed out at those who use religion as a means of discrimination against members of certain ethnic groups .
when a police ombudsman investigator examined police files , he found that the issue lay with an incorrectly recorded date of birth in a handover information pack provided to the officer who organised the search .
` ` they got in touch and asked if i could make a cake in the shape of an engine to mark the opening of their new engine plant .
it is an absolute disgrace that a british world number one has not been selected for the london olympics by either his governing body or olympic association .
crickhowell high school approached powys council offering to manage the town 's library to benefit pupils and the community .
the majority of the birds this year were found in a tiny field in kilmoluaig .
in almost all cases , campaigners say , the criminals are never identified , found or tried .
this is a pope who has been hailed as the champion of a church for the poor .
the rates of stomach cancer and prostate cancer decreased , while mesothelioma rates increased by almost a third .
this is the moment sierra leone has been waiting for .
kkr 's new bid is a joint venture with fellow us private equity firm rhone group .
rtÃ ‰ reports that a number of flights have been cancelled at cork airport and weather warnings are in place .
the 12-member jury had spent more than six hours deliberating before being discharged on wednesday .
now , i ' m reluctantly believing # banksy is trolling those after tickets for # dismaland . ''
he included photographs of a fairytale castle cake and a number of smaller cakes decorated to look like disney - style princesses .
rule the world , who has twice broken his pelvis , was the first horse since the 19th century to claim his maiden win over fences at the grand national .
centre - back anderson , 27 , has cancelled his barrow contract by mutual consent to join their national league rivals .
davies , who is two years older and was on his second loan spell at rugby park , played against berwick rangers and albion rovers in the challenge cup .
the wildcats were hoping to move to a purpose - built stadium for the start of the 2015 season but work has never started on the project .
the safety of patients at high risk of suicide had been deemed inadequate but has now been improved .
the conscript 's attack had previously been attributed by a defence ministry spokesman to his ` ` difficulties in adapting to military life '' .
even though the uk as a whole voted to leave the eu , in scotland most people voted to remain .
he said he had a call from a lady in the cat charity shop to say his tools were there to collect , but with ` ` no explanation of how , why or when '' .
one of the identified stars learned she was a victim of the leak through the news media .
mr ghandour was told chairman massimo cellino saw neil and lucy ` ` as a pair '' , the hearing learned .
it involves candidates hoping to become the world 's most prominent diplomat .
since 2009 , pakistan have played their ` home ' test series in the uae after a terrorist attack on the visiting sri lankan team led to a boycott on tours to the country .
` ` it was only a few touches , but it 's nice to feel like a football player again . ''
the organisation , which works to protect marine wildlife in the area , wrote in a facebook post -lrb- in spanish -rrb- : ` ` the animal was subjected to the curious who wanted to photograph and touch it . ''
it is the only managerial contract signed by both the final line - up of the beatles - john lennon , paul mccartney , george harrison and ringo starr - and their manager .
both rbs and barclays surpassed that mark in the latest test .
lloyd will not feature for chester in saturday 's game at maidstone as jon mccarthy 's side look for back - to - back victories in the national league .
` ` a range of devices that have been in the news recently , in relation to a hack , are children 's toys , that children can interact with , '' he told the committee .
in july 2011 , the death of a disabled street vendor who was reportedly beaten by local law enforcers sparked a riot in guizhou province .
meanwhile , the boss of patient watchdog north wales community health council -lrb- chc -rrb- said the health board needed a ` ` greater level of external support and direction '' .
the 22-year - old signed for leicester from port vale in 2014 , but did not feature for the first team .
finally , in injury time and with an atmosphere of chaos engulfing the game , moss pointed to the spot for the slightest touch from carroll on schlupp .
india 's health ministry said it was drawing up plans to regulate online drug sales .
mcallister is carrick 's eighth signing during the current transfer window with aaron smyth and kyle mcvey already among the arrivals .
he confirmed the suspect has been a pupil at the school for a year .
the nottinghamshire golfer partnered masters champion danny willett on the sunday at augusta , then dustin johnson on the final day of the us open at oakmont .
the scottish national squash championships at edinburgh sports club is part of the team scotland series which brings together 17 scottish national championship events in 2017 across 12 commonwealth games sports .
but the colourful 44-year - old from mendham in suffolk was unable to clinch his first major professional darts corporation title , losing to van gerwen , who also beat him in the 2014 world championship final .
austin brady , of the woodland trust , said such woodlands were irreplaceable , adding that ` ` turning this into a hole in the ground is bad for everybody '' .
we need to change the mentality .
mr littlejohn also noted in his report that historic scotland had underlined that ` ` the process can not be allowed to perpetuate '' , and that a decision will have to be made .
the club is challenging for champions league football in its first ever season in the top flight .
we ' ve learned a lot about the end of the journey , the slave camps and mass graves in the jungles of thailand and malaysia .
officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend .
a big day in the oscar pistorius murder case .
in january , dozens of people took advantage of a cash machine in fintry road , dundee , which also paid out double the requested amount .
now , the 23-year - old is working for the hugely popular game grumps channel in los angeles , which has over 3.1 m youtube subscribers .
st johnstone midfielder murray davidson hit the crossbar as the home side pressed for an equaliser but united held firm .
the pdp 's decline has been reinforced by results from saturday 's elections for governors and state assemblies , reports the bbc 's bashir saad abdullahi from the capital , abuja .
he was speaking as the uk 's highest court heard a second day of argument in the historic brexit legal challenge .
the towpath will be open outside these hours from monday to saturday and will be open all day on sundays .
since august 2014 , private landlords in five councils - dudley , sandwell , wolverhampton , walsall and birmingham - have been required to conduct checks to establish new tenants have the right to rent in the uk or face face a penalty of up to # 3,000 .
the mcs said putting a charge on the bottles of up to 20p , which gets refunded when they are returned , would change behaviour , and called for the uk government to explore the potential of such a scheme .
the cia would not comment on the authenticity of the information released by wikileaks , but a spokesman said americans should be ` ` deeply troubled '' by the organisation 's actions .
twenty - five performances will take place across august , with a combined live audience of 220,000 people .
john witherow , editor of the sunday times from 1994 to 2012 , said gill had been extraordinary and unique .
former tottenham striker and bbc match of the day presenter gary lineker tweeted : ` ` choked to read that jimmy greaves has had a severe stroke .
it will be the first time since west berlin in 1987 that germany has hosted the opening stage of road cycling 's premier race .
she added : ` ` the state gave kids company money to do the job it could n't do .
john swinney could sweeten the pill by allowing them to raise council tax - as george osborne did south of the border , allowing a 2 % council tax rise if it is to pay for social care .
in the statement , she said : ` ` i have to face up to reality , there 's no way they 're going to allow me to put my name on the ballot paper ... i ' ve now given up hope of becoming the next leader of ukip . ''
his first game in charge as permanent manager will be the home national league game against barrow on tuesday .
her killer has never been found and west yorkshire police are treating the death as murder .
chelsea have done the job they set out to do at the start of the season , which is to win the title .
the public furore around the makani case has caused a stir among the authorities who fear it could put the cultural integrity of the country in jeopardy .
the decision to call off the match was taken at 12:35 gmt following an inspection at sportsdirect.com park where part of the league one club 's pitch was still frozen .
housing minister margaret burgess said : ` ` homelessness in scotland is falling and the number of homeless applications from the private rented sector has actually fallen by 21 % since 2008/09 .
the victim was threatened with a knife and handed over a sum of money during the incident in windsor avenue .
then , the startling september surprise of russia 's air sorties into syria set the stage for the most determined diplomacy of syria 's crisis .
he is targeting a third race to dubai title in four years and leads england 's danny willett by 271 , 214 points with three events remaining after the turkish open .
a spokesman for the fire service said it had received reports that a 28-year - old man was stuck up a tree in green lane as he tried to recover his pet .
at this meeting in hobart , australia , the commission for the conservation of antarctic marine living resources -lrb- ccamlr -rrb- agreed unanimously to designate the ross sea as an mpa , after years of protracted negotiations , new zealand foreign minister murray mccully announced .
but some students take it to stay alert .
roedd llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud yn flaenorol y dylai ' r sefydliadau datganoledig gael penderfynu a ddylid datblygu fframwaith gyda san steffan yn dilyn brexit .
but , after seeing a specialist , the # 55 m former wolfsburg player said : ` ` i 'll be out for around 10 weeks . ''
ding , who last reached the semi - finals in 2011 , has dropped down to 17 in the world and had to qualify for this year 's tournament .
italian media say two families were living in the four - storey building that collapsed in torre annunziata district .
the main areas of concern on the new track , which joins both the new and historic old parts of the city and is expected to be the fastest street circuit in f1 history , are turns three , seven and 15 and the pit - lane entry .
he added that it was ` ` of particular note '' the article was published the same day he criticised iran in parliament .
sam amin , 18 , fell into the river after a night out in bath last september .
the scottish daily express said nicola sturgeon had been warned that there would be ` ` no more excuses '' for failing to deliver for scotland as the snp ` ` swept to an historic third term '' in the holyrood election .
the ` ` low - risk '' season begins in october with ` ` high - risk '' starting in november .
it has suggested that departure terms and the uk 's future relationship can be negotiated together .
lee schofield , rspb site manager at haweswater , said : ` ` habitat restoration is often a slow process and we normally do n't see the benefits of our work for years and sometimes even decades .
about 200 staff will be recruited by the end of this year with a further 500 expected by 2017 , the firm has said .
by the end of next year , that figure will have fallen to # 51.8 m - a cut to the scottish sporting budget of 20 % in just three years .
she used the council 's child protection unit petty cash fund for debts , expensive gifts and luxury holidays .
the swan had been shot through the wing with an arrow which narrowly missed its vital organs and spine .
he revealed the existence of vlakplaas in 1989 when he was smuggled out of south africa to write his story .
avon and somerset police closed the lower bristol road in bath at rackfield place outside the first depot after the crash at 03:00 gmt .
the video showed each room of the house where the toddler lived with rachel and nyomi fee .
boris epshteyn , the communications director for mr trump 's inaugural committee , confirmed on thursday that the mormon tabernacle choir and the radio city rockettes would join her .
as we drove down in the coach from jaffna , in the north , to sri lanka 's capital , colombo , the pounding those fake leather shoes had taken meant that the buckle snapped again .
despite the pressures in a&e they said staff were observed to be effectively prioritising clinical need and patient care .
an optional update that removes the restriction on unofficial cartridges will be available ` ` within two weeks '' .
nicolas salhan , 36 , of haybridge avenue , stourbridge , and jonathan davies , 42 , from old bridge walk , rowley regis , have been charged .
the 18th century road bridge is expected to take up to 12-months to repair at a cost of # 3 m .
` ` i reconstructed the skeleton to see what it might have looked like and then began to reconstruct the muscles and how they connected with the skeleton .
the plan by the economy minister has now been formally submitted to the department of finance for approval .
the new stand also opens up the possibility of saints hosting a european champions cup quarter - final .
with jamie murray through to the semi - finals of the men 's doubles with brazilian bruno soares , it is the first time two brothers have reached semis in singles and doubles at the australian open .
he said the picture of him pulling carrots on the organic farm was a ` ` marketing blunder '' .
measuring 50 cm x 76 cm -lrb- 19.6 in x 30 in -rrb- , it was bought by a welshman living in england at rogers jones & co auctioneers in colwyn bay on saturday .
in july , brazilian justice minister alexandre moraes said a jihadist attack in rio during the olympics was a ` ` possibility '' but ` ` not a probability '' .
the england knights player made his tigers debut as a 16-year - old in 2008 , and went on to make 44 first - team appearances for them , scoring 16 tries .
from 1942 to 1945 , the royal air force and us bombers carried out massive raids on german cities , often round - the - clock , designed to sap the strength of the nazi war machine .
uk sport says investment in the five olympic sports and two paralympic sports added for tokyo 2020 is yet to be confirmed .
marriott got his second of the game after with a composed finish .
speaking ahead of the event , joe and jake said they were quietly confident their song could do well - despite the uk 's recent track record .
the punishment was imposed following an independent regulatory commission hearing , with the club also warned about future conduct .
new zealand 's josh junior claimed finn gold after defending champion scott , 28 , who won the opening race in palma , fell out of contention after his rudder pinned on the first lap of the second race .
air safety investigators say the device , designed to slow down the craft , activated at the wrong time without a command from the pilots .
and he proved he has n't lost his touch in the short video clip , catching a sliotar , the small leather ball used in the game , before sending it into the distance as he roared on the ruairís .
in the second set i 'd already qualified for the semis , so maybe it was easier for me to play more free than him . ''
the eastbound section is due to open next weekend .
an inquest will be opened and adjourned on tuesday to allow further tests .
frayssinous , 40 , is a former catalans and france stand - off who became the first french coach of the club when he replaced trent robinson in 2012 .
` ` lee 's an experienced goalkeeper and has spent the last few seasons with motherwell and has played in europe for them . ''
` ` if you take me back to 1995 , when doping was completely pervasive , i would probably do it again . ''
mr ashley , who sits on the council and audit committee of the institute of chartered accountants of scotland , said he was excited by the prospect of leading britain 's only independent savings bank ` ` to a new future '' .
there are 10 million people over the age of 65 in england , the review said , and more than 3 million struggle with tasks such as washing , dressing , eating and going to the toilet .
but the fact that we know a british plane has dropped a british bomb in syria , on british citizens may mean , earlier than expected , the battle lines in this debate are drawn .
chase also praised the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- for the support they offer players who are struggling with mental health - related issues .
` ` this additional reduction of over half a million pounds has forced us into a corner . ''
the dolomedes plantarius spiderlings were released into suitable dykes at castle marshes between lowestoft and beccles on wednesday .
mr ved detailed his experience in a post on the linkedin site saying that he had been keeping an eye on google - related web domains for some time because he used to work at the search giant .
foul by omar bogle -lrb- grimsby town -rrb- .
a police car reportedly came under fire and a person was hurt in an apparently unrelated shooting in the same area .
attacking midfielder christensen , 22 , has played more than 50 games for the london side , but has not started a championship match this season .
its story begins in the 1890s with sir sidney kidman and his elder brother sackville , who embarked on an ambitious venture that would transform agriculture in australia .
mr stewart 's discovery has been dubbed a new hiding place for the loch 's mythical monster , nessie .
according to the index , norway comes on top and the worst country is afghanistan , followed by mozambique .
winter mortality was especially high for bees in belgium -lrb- 33.6 % -rrb- and the uk -lrb- 29 % -rrb- in 2012 - 13 .
one woman was consoled by a police officer as she laid a floral tribute at the scene along with two teddy bears .
after he has served his sentence , he will be deported to kosovo and barred from re - entering the us .
he said : ` ` one of the most significant tasks a lifeboat station must undertake is observing sea conditions to make judgements on the equipment lifeboat operators will need .
a shocking claim , based on figures from the office of national statistics .
in the final instalment , nick hill from the service says that now is the time to start thinking of money resolutions .
with fresh snow on the slopes , cairngorm mountain expects skiing during the first weekend of june .
the closure of wargrave station in wokingham borough was deferred for a year , but pangbourne station in west berkshire is to close permanently .
created by aberdeen inspired and breakneck comedy , the festival is using more than 20 city centre venues .
mother - of - four joanne thompson , 33 , was found at her old mill court home in newtownards on wednesday by a relative .
the 18-year - old , who can play as a striker or winger , spent the first half of the campaign on loan with town 's league one rivals oxford united .
mr cameron has pledged to reform britain 's relationship with the eu before holding a vote on membership and will discuss his aims with mrs merkel as part of his continuing negotiations with european leaders .
a 41-year - old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries .
michael evans , defending caffrey , said : ` ` he was a teacher for a number of years and , outside of these offences , a very good teacher . ''
clay 's second after 51 minutes was the pick of the bunch as the rangy lock ran in from a keira bevan break out of defence .
cox has already held initial negotiations with league two side crawley town .
the cyber attack on talktalk 's website happened on 21 october , it added .
successful candidates will be provided with staff accommodation in the royal mews at buckingham palace , as well as meals and travel .
police say 540,000 people rallied in barcelona , the capital of the region in north - east spain , while the rest gathered in four other catalan towns .
` ` you have personal ambition , but i think it 's almost out of order that he wants to jump in for that job , '' said keown .
english - language newspapers on the island say the area is popular with british tourists .
how could anyone complain when england have won their past 10 six nations matches , and are about to take on a team who have n't won in south - west london in 34 years ?
the 2022 world cup will be in qatar .
mrs may , who campaigned to stay in the eu , also said : ` ` brexit means brexit and we 're going to make a success of it . ''
but ms dodds said everybody should have fair treatment , asking ` ` do you want border security guards on hospitals ?
osiris - rex - mission to asteroid bennu
inverness broke on the counter attack with just under a quarter - of - an - hour gone and a fine pass by andrea mbuyi - mutombo released tremarco .
the lawyers are representing families who have joined the campaign group action for ashes .
ms papini 's husband had reported her missing after she failed to pick up their children from day care .
anne ross , sales director at barratt homes for the east of scotland , said : ` ` 2014 has been buoyant year for new homes sales and we are pleased to be launching these two new developments in the edinburgh area , to allow us to keep up with demand .
police in hong kong are generally well - respected and incidents of police violence are rare , though there were accusations of heavy - handedness during the protests .
` ` people are realising that one day it could be someone that they know who needs a bone marrow donor , and the more people that are on the list , the better everyone 's chances of finding an unrelated donor area . ''
it is a tremendous step forward .
in a statement , his family said : ` ` andrew excelled as a respected and dedicated academic , with a love for art , poetry and music .
under existing law ams can call a referendum on powers to vary income tax , but in 2015 mr osborne offered those powers without a referendum .
` ` we are all pink floyd fans , and we always said if we would find a pink one , a new species of pink shrimp , we would name it after pink floyd . ''
ministers have warned of a risk that banning fees would push up rents .
us secretary of state john kerry spoke by phone with his russian counterpart , sergei lavrov , as voting in crimea was under way .
trust director juliet lyon said : ` ` in the last few years , prison has been reduced to a punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars .
two hundred and sixty people have already been convicted .
rahad hussain , 23 , has been charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon , namely acid .
cotter , whose side face australia -lrb- 12 november -rrb- , argentina -lrb- 19 november -rrb- and georgia -lrb- 26 november -rrb- in his last autumn internationals as scotland head coach , says the ` ` big year '' ahead should keep the players focused .
ferry operator condor said a mezzanine ramp was fixed and the vessel departed at about 10:10 bst .
more than 40,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands displaced since the pkk began an armed uprising in 1984 .
the church of england does not directly invest in tobacco , pornography or payday lenders .
homeowners have been increasingly signing up to mortgage deals , especially by remortgaging , in anticipation of a rate rise .
alan stubbs , whose side moved two points clear of falkirk , resisted the temptation to start stokes following his arrival on loan from celtic given the irishman had not played first - team football since august .
he said there were initially three men on the roof but one had come down .
bauza , who succeeded gerardo martino , said : ` ` my sole intention is to see if i can talk football with messi .
` ` it 's a debacle for angela merkel and her refugee policy , '' said edmund stoiber , honorary chairman of the bavarian - based csu , the sister party of the cdu .
they are accused of forcing mr hughes , 46 , and another man - referred to as mr k - to work for tiny sums .
lincoln , who are second in the national league , will now face a trip to championship side ipswich in the third round , which takes place on 6 - 9 january 2017 .
` ` the danger of surgery was so extreme then -lsb- in the 1920s -rsb- , '' eddie said .
-lsb- the findings -rsb- highlight the need for people to think about how they protect their personal information both on and off line , '' said nick mothershaw , of experian .
paceman milnes , 22 , was part of the team that clinched the 2012 county championship after signing in 2011 .
mr jones urged welsh labour to ` ` fight for the soul of post - brexit britain '' .
ashley chambers -lrb- grimsby town -rrb- left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal .
other winners in the senate elections include jewel howard - taylor , the ex - wife of the jailed former president charles taylor , and the former rebel leader prince johnson .
smyth became the first paralympic athlete ever to compete at a european championships in barcelona in 2010 and his progression on the able - bodied circuit continued last year when he was selected for the world championships in daegu .
devrin carlson - smith said : ` ` i was one of the first to follow ` drawings for my grandchildren ' and told you the story of how i got my mum into instagram .
eight female foetuses were found in 2012 in a plastic bag near a lake in indore city in the central indian state of madhya pradesh .
a wall hanging depicting scenes from his life and work is to be created in a project led by strathnaver museum and mackay country community trust .
on saturday , challenge cup holders csni were well beaten by ciyms who join instonians , lisburn and muckamore in the semi - finals .
private sector delivery of public services is therefore hugely important to the effectiveness of the functioning of the state and to the productivity of the economy .
triple j pointed out that taylor swift was n't played at all on the station in 2014 but would have finished ahead of all alt - j 's tracks if it was n't disqualified .
` ` one of the main barriers to equal access has been a de facto racial segregation of ethnic minority students from chinese students in the public school system , '' says university of hong kong law professor , puja kapai , who carried out the study .
leah has taken a look at nadal 's amazing records in numbers .
` ` jordan gibbons is playing with an injury but he 'll have to play again .
the shift will not affect business schools or professional hires , but is part of a broader move by goldman to use technology in the hiring process .
it 's a type of battery called lithium - sulphur , which - in theory - could have five times the energy density of the lithium - ion forms in wide use today .
after a disappointing first set , in which cibulkova trailed 4 - 1 after being broken twice in her first three service games , the world number eight showed far more intensity in the second set .
the three of them are suspected of plotting attacks in norway and other european countries , according to italian police .
samsung said automotive electronics was ` ` a strategic priority '' .
as she accepted the award , fonda offered some advice on career longevity for the roomful of celebrities gathered : ` ` ask questions , stay curious .
` ` he 's only away for a month .
the panel also heard how mr jackson , who was employed by essex county council but seconded to the north essex partnership nhs foundation trust as a senior practitioner , ` ` no longer wished to work as a social worker '' .
the award recognises places that provide good views of the stars , which are accessible to everyone .
after guardians of the galaxy , gillan is set to star in the western , in a valley of violence .
the gas has recently been observed by satellite and by earth telescopes , and its presence on the red planet is intriguing .
a spokesman for lord derby said : ` ` the secretary of state now has a second chance to determine the application .
those involved in the conservation programme met in thetford on friday to celebrate and welcome the arrival back of the birds .
` ` there will be significant arrests in the forthcoming days - individuals will not go scot free , '' he said .
grants of up to # 50,000 will be awarded to landmarks from durham in the north east to dorset in the south west .
the jury found that hitting a pothole had probably contributed to mr hamer , from ramsbottom , coming off his bike on a road which had several defects .
and lenovo and acer , in particular , have an eye on the business market where employers want their workers to be available for as many hours as possible . ''
in a letter to all party leaders , the equality and human rights commission expresses concern about hate attacks that have taken place since the uk voted to leave the eu in june .
the campaign walk is taking place from black combe where the pylons will be visible , down to the national park 's costal boundary and across the mouth of duddon .
the dup mp criticised those who , he claimed , were using fear tactics in the referendum campaign .
for some of the men and women here this is the first real taste of mexico since they were children .
the study involved collecting data from 12 dark net marketplaces during a week in september 2016 .
he also urged anyone else who has been a victim of a sexual offence to come forward to police to report it .
the world 's most expensive player marked real 's success in milan on saturday night by saying he was now planning to win the euros with wales .
the pirate bay is one of the internet 's most - visited websites , and the film , music and software industries blame it for losses running into billions of pounds .
locals have been told the evacuation could last up to 48 hours .
in 1975 , the labour prime minister harold wilson asked the country if it should stay or exit the european economic community -lrb- eec -rrb- -lrb- common market -rrb- .
the region 's chief operating officer says the claims of head coach sean holley and forwards coach jonathan humphreys will also be assessed .
the film is famous for a camera trick hitchcock invented to represent scotty 's vertigo - a simultaneous zoom - in and pull - back of the camera that creates a disorientating depth of field .
ms jones was concerned she had left it too late to have a baby after filming a documentary , fertility and me .
however , he will continue to use the luxury car used by the previous mayor .
the 32-year - old knows coleman 's side will be tough to beat having improved hugely since two defeats by serbia in the last world cup qualifying campaign .
` ` to have the opportunity to play for them in the top division is amazing . ''
` ` whether this was mistaken identity or a rumour , we do not know , but in any case to subject an elderly man in his home to this , is not just wrong , it was cowardly . ''
phelps , who was denied a fourth successive gold in the 100 m butterfly by schooling , will end his olympic career by competing in the final race in the rio pool .
robertson - mccoy is irish qualified through his grandfather , who hails from mowhan in co armagh .
one rider from the belgian lotto team was clipped by a barrier which came down seconds before the 60kph train sped past .
kim clark , from kinross , died after being hit the car outside an address in south street , milnathort , on tuesday .
clarke and huggins ' sentences were referred to the court of appeal by the attorney general under the unduly lenient sentence scheme .
speaking at the proms last night , you alluded to opposition you faced to becoming a conductor , tell me more about that .
` ` of course , the freedom of information campaign would criticise any review ... .
` ` christopher had extraordinary generosity of spirit , '' christopher purvis , honorary president of the aam , said .
bournemouth 's 3 - 2 win over swansea on saturday leaves them 13 points clear of the premier league drop zone .
the contents were too damaged to be played on a reel , but since the discovery in march , ms cappa has managed to digitise and restore a few frames - enough to show that the documentary was of a key event in bolivia 's history .
at the time of writing it had been retweeted over 350 times .
in august , the lagos state environmental protection agency -lrb- lepa -rrb- closed 22 premises after residents complained about noise emanating from them .
the best of the biometric databases in the world have a single de - duplication check , to ensure that every person is identified and tagged only once .
in 2014 catches had increased to the point where income from fishing reached a sustainable level for the community .
on the day that he had a job to do in parliament over syria it 's ridiculous that the snp 's foreign affairs spokesperson was in edinburgh to look at a picture of himself . ''
natalie towers , 24 , of adams street , shildon , county durham , had earlier admitted a charge of administering poison with intent to procure a miscarriage while 32 - 34 weeks pregnant .
the welsh government said discussions were ongoing on the final report .
it was a brutal response by wolfsburg , who finished the league season second in the bundesliga , after gabon forward aubameyang had fired home ex - manchester united midfielder shinji kagawa 's delivery in the fifth minute .
but the big change will be if leading , campus - based universities begin to compete for mainstream , undergraduate courses online .
he was 11 years old at the time of its release .
the 73rd venice international film festival will close on 10 september with a showing of antoine fuqua 's remake of the magnificent seven .
containing the world 's worst nuclear accident
the possibility of returning is on the minds of many iraqis , as is comes under sustained attack in mosul and is defeated outright elsewhere .
fuel pods were left at the junction of cumsons road and tullygeasy road .
the family was ordered to pay # 150,000 costs .
three more americans , including cia rome station chief jeffrey castelli , were convicted by an appeals court in february .
iskandariya is in a region that was once called ` ` the triangle of death '' and was badly affected by sectarian violence that followed the 2003 us - led invasion of iraq .
the martin ennals award is named after the late british lawyer who became the first head of the human rights organisation , amnesty international .
the body of a man , believed to be in his 70s , was found inside the house .
and sources at the daily mirror have made it clear to the bbc that mr watson was not the source of the leak .
legoland said it had spent more than Â # 10,000 in the last year developing alternative entrance and exit routes .
last month the court of appeal ordered the home office to halt the system immediately after an earlier high court hearing concluded it contained ` ` structural unfairness '' .
as part of its cutbacks gopro is also closing its entertainment division .
the newest glasgow school of art building was officially opened across the road from charles rennie mackintosh 's masterpiece earlier this year .
` ` our ability to secure this signing already is a reflection of our commitment to focus hugely on harlequins ' recruitment needs for the future . ''
but for those who wanted a news programme reflecting the world from a scottish perspective , produced and presented from scotland - the bbc is now delivering what they asked for .
the scottish government is to fund the construction of the new two - storey inverness justice centre .
the number of new enquiries fell most dramatically in london , but also fell in nine other regions of the uk .
read more : aung san suu kyi - power not presidency in myanmar
chief executive of heritage lottery fund carole souter said : ` ` alexandra palace has played a pivotal role in the development of popular entertainment - culminating in the birth of british television . ''
his films included the classic westerns how the west was won and the misfits .
either way , the impression we ' ve got here is that david cameron is trying to trying to bounce the car firm into making a decision .
brentford were the first team to offer free entry for a league game in england when they played peterborough in 2001 .
money spent on homegrown uk films also increased , with # 188 m spent making films budgeted at # 500,000 and above .
planning permission was granted for the new Â # 16 m aerospace museum on the former filton airfield .
the victim 's car hit the roundabout at about 48 mph , propelling it into the air before it landed on its roof , the court heard .
the services sector , which accounts for more than three quarters of the economy , grew by 0.7 % in the quarter .
` ` we ' ve observed him in training and matches and he 's not the david de gea of last year , '' said van gaal .
nazir afzal the north west 's former chief crown prosecutor who brought the case against the rochdale gang said five years on some victims nationally are still not being listened to .
` ` they are both exciting fast bowlers who have the ability to win games for derbyshire , '' head coach john sadler told the club website .
wambach was the 2012 fifa women 's world player of the year and is also a six - time us soccer female athlete of the year winner .
` ` jon has got plenty of experience of league one from his time with crewe , '' said walsall manager jon whitney .
it 's definitely a lot of fun .
there have been concerns that it might make it more difficult for smokers using e - cigarettes as a way of stopping .
` ` from the moment i walked into the stadium i felt comfortable i know this will further my career , '' makris said .
nyong ' o won best supporting actress in 2014 for 12 years a slave and was a presenter at sunday 's ceremony .
` ` at the heart of this programme lies our three ambitions - to create a well , well - educated and wealthier wales . ''
a final decision on the next secretary - general is expected in october , when russia presides over the security council .
police said they tried stopping the car after it was seen ` ` acting suspiciously '' but it drove off at speed hitting the cyclist a short distance away .
mr koc said he was ` ` very sad '' to close the company , and called for more people to support tourism in turkey .
sunday 's bombings of two churches in the youhanabad area left 17 people dead and more than 70 wounded .
hough was sentenced to 12 years and a further three after admitting sexually assaulting a 15-year - old girl in 2016 .
the mutineers have also taken control of the city of odienne , in the north , reports say .
ngoo had loan spells with hearts , yeovil town and walsall during his time with liverpool , before leaving anfield in the summer of 2014 .
mr alexander told the andrew marr show he wants organisations that encourage or facilitate tax evasion to face the same penalties as evaders themselves .
on discovering the hcs library stamp inside the book , mrs gillett , who lives near taunton , decided to return it .
bus use has been falling across the uk since 2008 but the drop has been sharpest in wales .
the public inquiry in maidstone is expected to last until 10 june .
bbc ireland correspondent andy martin reports .
hyde is the boro 's fourth signing of the summer , following left - back andrew fox and forwards matt godden and rowan liburd .
` ` the surprising truth is that being in the white house has made our family life more ` normal ' than it 's ever been , '' the president said in an interview with us magazine more earlier this year .
the 1964 album , featuring the songs of both the fab four and crooner ifield , is valued at ? ?
it said mr dare had been ` ` attempting to set a new national record for a 91-year - old '' .
he guided wales to a second grand slam in 2012 after narrowly missing out on the 2011 world cup final .
` ` instead of a clear system of respected vocational routes , we suffer from a complicated patchwork where too many young people are offered qualifications of little worth in a system that confuses employers and is not valued as it should be by society , '' he said .
and the royal college of midwives is concerned that some new mothers are not getting the support they need to encourage breastfeeding .
after assessing the case , energy regulator ofgem has asked for further details to be submitted .
os oes ganddoch chi awr i sbario y penwythnos yma ionawr 28 - 30 mae cymdeithas gwarchod adar rspb cymru eisiau eich help chi .
the 34-year - old will sign a permanent deal until the end of the season in january when the transfer window opens .
at the top , but not in the inner circle .
after the match , kerber revealed that her plan to have her australian open trophy - her first piece of grand slam silverware - sent to her via recorded delivery had backfired .
` ` the idea that these somewhat random connections with fleming and bond should culminate in my writing a new james bond novel is irresistibly appealing , '' boyd said .
it is not uncommon for russia to ban websites .
a year after the invasion , she said mi5 was ` ` swamped '' by leads about terrorist threats to the uk .
about 290 km -lrb- 180 miles -rrb- south - west of mosul , is also holds a string of towns along the iraqi part of the river euphrates in anbar province .
` ` i always felt the everton players were going to turn up on crutches or crawling in the hotel door , and now it looks like we are probably going to have that issue again with koeman .
they clashed with anti - fascist demonstrators , leaving five people with minor injuries .
crews were called to the incident at about 17:00 on friday .
three men , aged 22 , 24 and 46 , have been charged with targeting a former member of the security forces in the craigavon area .
saturday 's world cup final at twickenham , which new zealand won 34 - 17 against australia , was the pinnacle of owens ' 68-test career .
mr dutton said the men would not be relocated to australia .
jack taylor , 18 , from oakley close , grays , has been charged with his murder and is due to appear at basildon magistrates ' court .
hmrc brought the case against lotus because of unpaid income tax and national insurance contributions .
archbishop of westminster vincent nichols said christians were the most persecuted people , but few of them would receive sanctuary in the uk .
mr mackintosh had previously said he intended to stand for re - election .
alliance spokesman bob bull described the courses as ` ` not about safety '' , ` ` more about making money '' and a ` ` self - funding merry - go - round .
he explained that in the emerging economies , apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers .
gatlin , banned once as a young man , banned again in 2006 - initially for life , eventually , after negotiations and appeals , for four years - is a hard man for many in the sport to trust .
the greeks have very little time to prepare for a referendum whose outcome could decide their future in the euro .
lfb has since apologised after its joke about the fire was met with a mixed response on social media .
airbus and oneweb have inaugurated the first assembly line in toulouse , france .
taylor is understood to be a target for torquay united .
in their report , which has been published in a redacted form on waba 's website , the auditors said : ` ` it is our view that in its current state waba is not fit for purpose and does not qualify to receive public money .
dave robins from swanley , kent , leased non - emergency ambulances to coperforma , which was stripped of its sussex patient transport contract on tuesday .
a west midlands ambulance service spokesman said it quickly became apparent to crews arriving at the scene ` ` that nothing could be done to save two men that were in the car '' .
emma hayes ' side face arsenal in the women 's fa cup final at wembley on saturday , looking to defend the trophy they won for the first time last season .
world number one jason day and us open champion dustin johnson also missed the cut at torrey pines in san diego .
while the times of india reports that tamil nadu police already have three transgender constables on their books , reports in other indian media said prithika will become the first officer in the country .
` ` but if a big contract came up from a premier league club i think it would be hard for chris to turn down . ''
the lse said its shareholders would be asked to approve the merger on 4 july .
platini has found himself at odds with the fa over qatar 's successful bid to host the 2022 world cup .
in the decider in fresh breeze and sunshine on san francisco bay , team new zealand edged a tight start and beat oracle to the first mark .
in california , the use of force in a sexual assault results in a mandatory prison sentence .
motherwell 's main threat came from the occasional set piece and stevie hammell 's delivery caused problems for the inverness defence but chris cadden guided the ball wide .
he said he was certain obama loyalists were behind both those protests and white house leaks .
` ` but the fact that more women are becoming nuns than there has been in the past 25 years shows that as a generation we have turned a corner . ''
and the midfielder has now signed a one year deal at mcdiarmid park .
the vehicle , driven by l / cpl ramsden , collided with an afghan national police car by the nahr - e bughra canal .
treating and preventing heart disease is a national clinical priority for scotland .
the first stage in the three - year project follows criticism about the reliability of loganair services .
the turbine , valued at over Â # 500,000 , collapsed on friday evening , scattering debris over a wide area .
the report said the force failed to act on these concerns .
mr parkinson said : ` ` the voters of st peter port north deserve to be represented every bit as strongly as the voters of any other district .
the government has to produce a new air quality plan after receiving a ` ` final warning '' from the european commission about breaches of legal air quality levels in the uk .
the debris has been confirmed as coming from a satellite launched from the kourou base , in neighbouring french guiana , last july .
china has ` ` absolutely recognised that it is a problem of overcapacity in their country '' , mr javid said .
the nurses received a tumultuous welcome , led by their families and the chief minister of the southern state of kerala , oomen chandy .
the nfl had banned brady for allegedly colluding to deflate balls during a play - off game , but on friday a us judge ruled it had ` ` legal deficiencies '' .
after thunderstorms ended play prematurely on friday , poulter completed the remaining four holes of his second round in one under .
bearing two 1980s spanish stamps and a british second - class stamp , it was sent by someone called phyl , to a mrs e leon .
several high - profile figures have had images stolen from their icloud accounts , including actress jennifer lawrence and singer rihanna .
foul by robert snodgrass -lrb- hull city -rrb- .
36.7 c -lrb- 98f -rrb- recorded at heathrow between 15:00 and 15:30 bst on wednesday
bayern munich manager pep guardiola , who is set to reveal on saturday if he will stay at the german club beyond the end of the season , is among the possible permanent replacements .
` ` he 's a lot more money than that , and now we ' ve got three and a half years he 's worth a lot more money . ''
a spokesman for middlesex - based galliford try said as with any project of the level of complexity that the pontio building represents the construction team has faced ` ` a number of challenges throughout the build programme '' .
about 40 % of the budget is spent on pay and with the nhs facing a ? ?
figures from the world of football , dutch politicians and royalty were among those to pay tribute on thursday .
ms nikam 's twitter communication with konkan railway , a division of indian railways , happened on 12 march , but the story came to light after the ministry tweeted about it on thursday .
the three men arrested on wednesday are aged 24 , 41 and 48 .
but the scottish and welsh governments have to give ` ` legislative consent '' to the bill before it can become law - something they have said they are not willing to do .
thousands of israeli high school students travel to memorials at world war two death camps every year .
one hard drive alone contained more than 150,000 images and videos .
the study concluded that elite firms are ` ` systematically excluding bright working - class applicants '' from their workforce .
` ` he 's the obvious candidate .
danny delasalle , 32 from stevenage , who was driving a flatbed transit van , had to wear a neck brace for three and a half months after the crash , the court was told .
though america is contending with the rise of the rest - china , india , brazil , germany and russia - it has not yet been overtaken by emergent rivals .
these offences were linked to the seizure of drugs in a car park in east belfast .
a judge in the city of provo gave her the maximum sentence of at least 30 years and up to life in prison .
in a country with one of the highest murder rates in the world , this is a sobering scenario .
police said it was too early to say how long the body parts had been there .
full details of the planned new bridge have been published online and views from the public have been sought .
a department for education spokesman said there was no legal framework for a council or council - run school to sponsor a school unless they opened a trust - and this would involve converting to academy status .
he will miss both legs of the semi - final against sheffield wednesday and , if the seagulls progress , the championship play - off final on 28 may .
the app is released alongside research which suggests wi - fi in six million homes and offices is not running as fast as it could do .
a sign at ladbroke grove station said ` ` owing to the safety of the tower '' the lines had been partly suspended .
` ` liverpool in the 60s was vibrant - the beatles , 50,000 in the stadium , 28,000 in the kop swaying to their songs .
prosecutors are also appealing against pistorius ' murder acquittal .
only the old city of homs and a few other districts are still held by the opposition .
the ambulance service said a patient had been taken to bristol royal infirmary .
but ruiz jr 's promoter bob arum said the wbo has sanctioned the parker bout .
the 20-year - old came through milan 's youth academy and spent a month on loan with leeds in 2014 - 15 , making two appearances as a substitute .
husman admitted drugs and misconduct offences on 7 august .
` ` building the new unit at royal glamorgan hospital will also ensure that patients have access to specialist tests and treatment more easily without the need for unnecessary transfers between hospitals when they are often too unwell . ''
she also says there is a lot more demand for consumer goods and services within the country , but too few manufacturing companies .
mr burke said a specialist centre in wales would give seth access to all the help he needed , all under one roof .
dawn clements urged people to get vaccinated after the death of england and birmingham city footballer jeff hall from the disease in 1959 .
van der nerwe previously played under somerset director of cricket matthew maynard in the caribbean premier league , for st lucia zouks .
officials at grade ii listed guildford cathedral said last year it was at risk because of deteriorating plasterwork , which contained asbestos .
earlier this month , indonesia expressed anger over reports that australia 's jakarta embassy was used as part of a us - led spying network in asia .
cherries manager eddie howe said defoe 's signing is a ` ` huge moment for the club '' .
the pound jumped by 0.85 % , or more than one euro cent , to â ‚ ¬ 1.4072 , although against the dollar the pound was down 0.26 % at $ 1.5783 .
previously , the fbi had asked apple to write new software that would allow it to gain access to farook 's iphone .
fans of the samba school , which is rooted in rio 's mangueira favela , screamed with joy as the results were read out .
mighty 's report says olam and temask could be unwittingly encouraging unsustainable palm oil trading practices that may contribute to the haze that is caused by the fires .
what is behind the us - cuba thaw ?
sunday 's fa cup match between tottenham and aston villa is live on bbc one from 15:35 gmt , and full match commentary will be available on bbc radio 5 live from 16:00 gmt .
` ` the championship is definitely relentless , a completely different game , it 's saturday - tuesday every week pretty much and the lads need to be mentally tough .
adams will make her professional debut in manchester on saturday when she fights argentina 's virginia carcamo .
officers were called to leith walk at about 06:00 following reports about a man with a neck injury .
other countries want more details of her plans for britain 's life after the eu .
several people die each year in japan after choking on rice cakes .
in the first half of the year , uk food and drink exports rose faster to eu countries , up 9 % , than to countries outside the eu , with growth of 7.6 % .
the number of deaths in police road traffic incidents rose by 11 to 32 - the biggest total in eight years .
the sentences come as russia prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the world war two victory .
daniel jason shepherd , 23 , from skewen , neath port talbot , pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of jonathon robert thomas , 34 , who died following an incident on princess way in november .
and that will come at a political price , which is that those of their critics who see them as irredeemably spendthrift will believe that the budget responsibility lock will be picked the moment the political going gets tough .
officers said they were keeping an open mind as to a motive for the shooting .
she told the sun her three rivals were all ` ` continuity miliband '' candidates who would not connect with aspirational low and middle income voters .
they would also review the number of high - speed , high - stakes fixed - odds betting terminals allowed on bookmakers ' premises and would take steps to make the machines less addictive by requiring pop - ups and breaks in play .
a small crowd of protesters accused him of taking sides with sinn fÃ © in and the orange order against a majority of local residents .
callaghan was capped for the republic of ireland at under-21 level .
part of the reason for the popularity of vinyl records may be that you can actually sell them in shops .
the north carolina primary in particular was viewed as a test of the republican establishment 's ability to exert its influence on the nomination process and keep more divisive tea party candidates off the ballot in november .
` ` by assessing the resilience of the uk banking system against a major external shock , we will improve further our ability to identify vulnerabilities and we will ensure that banks have plans in place to address a wider range of possible stresses .
simmons played 26 tests as an all - rounder for the west indies between 1988 and 1997 , and became head coach of their senior squads in march .
he won this tournament at castle stuart in a rain - shortened scottish open in 2011 , when he was the top - ranked golfer on the planet .
she said the vehicle has now been seized for examination .
mr haines , who was born in yorkshire and educated in perth , was killed by is earlier this month .
b3 was tested on staphylococcal infections , such as the potentially fatal mrsa -lrb- methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus -rrb- .
the plane landed back at edinburgh at 15:30 , after circling the airport for 10 minutes .
there was a gap of about four weeks between his wife 's trial and the verdict , he added .
mr garner will join nationwide in spring 2016 to replace current chief executive graham beale , who is retiring .
police said they were given ` ` false and malicious information '' suggesting an officer was to ` ` be kidnapped as part of a terrorist plot '' .
in the men 's team pursuit , gb were beaten to the bronze medal by italy .
but mcgregor said on sunday : ` ` happy to announce that i am back on ufc 200 . ''
the transformation followed a # 1.6 m grant from the heritage lottery fund and # 400,000 in council funding .
the arrival of the domestic freezer , of washing powder , and of cheaper imports all affected the sort of items on sale and popular among uk consumers .
when he stepped out of the meeting , the uk defence secretary said that 12 countries had spoken and half were against the eu military headquarters , including sweden , the netherlands , poland , latvia and lithuania .
algeria has always been a big supporter of western sahara 's polisario front and it had wanted morocco to accept independence of the territory as a condition for readmission .
carlisle admitted failing to provide a sample to police and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence .
however , he claims arguably the most testing fixture in england 's euro 2016 group does not mean a completely fresh start as he looks to build towards the european championship finals in two years ' time .
the khmer rouge ruled cambodia for four years , from 1975 to 1979 .
the 37-year - old man has been charged with causing an explosion .
doncaster - born morrell is in his second spell at the racecourse after being re - signed by saunders in june 2010 .
the woman 's husband was rescued from the blaze and is being treated in hospital .
in the run - up to this year 's contest , singer jamala warned that ` ` we should expect more provocations -lsb- from russia -rsb- because our victory hurt them a lot . ''
it claimed it could result in a ` ` large negative impact '' on the welsh budget - about # 50 m a year - if the higher uk figure was taken as the benchmark for income .
only last week , scientists published observations of three major die - offs of coral at the great barrier reef in 2016 , 2002 and 1998 .
scottish fisheries secretary richard lochhead said : ` ` i am pleased there has been an increase in the quota of these key stocks for next year which is in line with the recent scientific advice that the stocks are in good shape .
other people at the asylum information centre are deciding to stay in serbia - for now , at least .
more than a dozen people died in protests in pakistan .
` ` the alcohol flowed like water in fleet street .
team sky 's froome is aiming to become the first man in 38 years to win the vuelta and tour de france in the same season .
the 16-year - old , of dundee , admitted a charge of assault to injury on 28 january .
on this historic day as the church of england announces the first woman nominated to be bishop , i am very conscious of all those who have gone before me , women and men , who for decades have looked forward to this moment .
the company said it was in talks with staff about the ` ` transfer of employment '' and ` ` relocation of roles '' .
leicestershire police said a 50-year - old man was questioned and released .
russell hobby , the general secretary of school leaders ' union naht , said : ` ` mr reed is one of the longest - serving heads in the country .
the cst was asked by prime minister david cameron for the latest evidence on the risks and benefits of gm technologies in agriculture , and for advice on uk and eu regulation .
kennaugh recorded the first stage win of his career on friday and the manxman did not relinquish the leader 's jersey .
aden flint -lrb- bristol city -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
almost 7,000 jobs were created or safeguarded by foreign direct investment during the same period .
but there is a growing demand in madrid for the government to engage with catalan leaders .
the bbc 's guy hedgecoe in madrid says the parliamentary session is not expected to look at the causes of the accident .
the cypriot parliament may delay again today voting on a bailout deal that has brought protesters onto the streets .
` ` we feel premier league clubs have turned the corner , and are entering a new era of sustained profitability .
the bbc has so far not commented on the future of hammond and may .
security researchers also pushed for copyright liability protection because computer programs are ` ` pervasive '' in modern machines and devices , including vehicles , home appliances and medical devices .
the bbc understands that this is not the first time google has removed reviews in the netherlands , nor is it understood to be the first time it has been ordered to hand over internet protocol information , which identifies computers online .
the 35-year - old will be assessed in the next two weeks to decide whether he will need an operation .
he said both his father and grandmother fully supported the fact that he was not yet fully engaged with royal duties , but when the time came to accept more responsibility he would do so . '
` ` it was a great experience to work with the national team set - up before , under alex , and we came really close to qualifying then .
votes are being cast in council elections in knowsley , sefton , st helens and wirral .
linfield went into the crucial top - of - the - table clash on the back of a formidable record of just one defeat in their previous 15 premiership fixtures .
he said : ` ` these despicable individuals preyed on a vulnerable man who clearly could not stand up for himself and has been left absolutely traumatised by what happened .
is - linked news agency amaq also said raqqa 's water supply had been cut .
the ships are expected to leave portsmouth in the autumn .
world powers have suspected iran of secretly trying to develop a nuclear bomb - a charge iran strongly denies .
a lot of students will have received grades which may be lower than expected at as and still go on to achieve fantastic results in their a2 exams .
carnival corp , which operates the ship , was also the owner of costa concordia , the cruise ship that ran aground off the italian coast and sank last year , killing 32 people .
i am driven to the unpalatable conclusion that the identity of the alleged perpetrator - leon brittan - may in some way have influenced treatment of the case .
1989 : walkers bought the factory from smith 's crisps
the discovery of the town lying along a hill - slope near winterborne kingston has been described as ` ` extremely significant '' by archaeologists .
he is currently a partner at private us law firm kirkland and ellis , and it was from here that he was chosen by fifa in 2012 to lead the investigation into the bidding process that awarded the world cup to russia in 2018 and qatar in 2022 .
gareth southgate 's men opened the tournament with a 1 - 0 win over portugal on thursday , chelsea midfielder lewis baker scoring the winner .
so , for example , a jehovah 's witness who has mental capacity can refuse a life - saving blood transfusion .
the cathedral 's provost , the very rev kelvin holdsworth , has said readings of the koran in the cathedral were part of efforts to build relationships between christians and muslims in glasgow .
but asked if his players would be better for the experience , gatland said : ` ` yeah , absolutely .
bielik , 17 , who underwent his medical at arsenal last week , signed for legia from their polish rivals lech poznan in july and has made six appearances in all competitions this season .
those were major victories on the road and that is now the world that glasgow have been plunged into in the wake of saturday 's loss to the saints .
home depot sales were also helped by unusually warm winter that has allowed more people to continue home improvement projects throughout the winter .
q -rrb- where did you watch heather watson 's match against serena williams and were you on your feet shouting ?
historic england said west yorkshire 's mills are ` ` important landmarks which need to be cherished '' .
but in the weeks since the paris attacks , the prospect of extending bombing strikes into syria from iraq has taken on a reluctant inevitability .
five years ago , the environment agency commissioned a new app to track japanese knotweed , using the crowd - sourcing principle .
raymond van barneveld -lrb- 12 -rrb- v phil taylor -lrb- 4 -rrb-
instead they slipped to a fifth defeat in their final six games before the super 8s / qualifiers split and dropped a place to fourth by virtue of hull fc beating huddersfield on friday .
taylor carried out the ` ` frenzied '' knife attack ` ` fully aware '' there were two young children also present at the house , she said .
in the letter , seen by bbc look north , ms thompson said : ` ` i just feel like i do n't want to be here no more . ''
a spokesman for mr corbyn said a majority of scottish labour members would be backing him in the ballot .
swansea canal society and the waterway recovery group are doing the work along the canal , supported by glandwr cymru .
ads will appear in a few months and involve just a handful of firms .
his resignation could harm ms gillard 's slender majority , which relies on votes from independent mps .
the man , who had said he flew to rome for a short holiday , has been detained on charges of smuggling seven kilograms -lrb- 15.4 ib -rrb- of narcotics into italy .
you 'll have to reach page 13 of the paper to read its first non - political story of the day : ` ` teen scrambler gets 18 months for killing mum , '' reads the headline .
burns took the count of eight to gather his senses and to his credit had the guts to hang in there and land a peach of a left hook on beltran 's chin .
in one of the calls , pulido said police were outside and starting to shoot so he described what he was wearing to avoid being mistaken for a kidnapper .
the emperor is the most southerly of the antarctic penguin species and the only one to breed on sea ice in the southern winter .
plans were approved by scarborough borough council 's planning and development committee .
midlothian pig farmer robin traquair said the dramatic price drop could lead to some producers going out of business .
isle of man rider andrew dudgeon continued to set the pace in manx grand prix qualification , the ramsey man posting a time of 117.824 mph on the gsx - r suzuki he will ride in both the junior and senior mgp races .
a 17-year - old arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail .
` ` we ' ve lost robert snodgrass and the diagnosis is he 'll be gone for six months which is a big blow to us , '' bruce told reporters at humberside airport before flying to belgium for thursday 's europa league tie with lokeren
craig tanner -lrb- plymouth argyle -rrb- left footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner .
weymouth college has also been awarded # 0.5 m towards its # 1.5 m project to refurbish two buildings .
jones made 41 league appearances for the clarets last season to help them win the championship title , and he started their premier league defeat by swansea on saturday .
glynn m tweeted : ` ` it 's not been wet enough to canoe on the fast lane of the m1 . ''
the 39-year - old , who was last seen at her home in tranmere on 18 october , was discovered on land bordering poole lane and old court house lane in bromborough on saturday .
edinburgh move to within four points of rivals glasgow in sixth , though the warriors have a game in hand .
in august , us government officials filed two lawsuits against bank of america relating to mortgage - backed securities .
` ` the northern line extension will take the pressure off the rest of our local transport network and gives nine elms official zone one status . ''
` ` i started filming a video diary because no - one talks about it .
so it seems that the next three tests in this series will be about england 's mindset .
` ` xbox smartglass turns any tv into a smart tv . ''
however , the weather closed in again and they did not return - meaning both sides take one point .
there was certainly a greater attacking intent to the home side 's play in the second half and mckenzie swept a shot on target early on , only to see the ross county goalkeeper gary woods save .
mark glendenning , for lee , said his client had repeatedly apologised for failing to send the cue and had previously sold items to fans on his facebook site without incident .
the report states : ` ` the minister agreed that fc wales should adopt whenever possible a more commercial approach to its management of the estate and in particular to be pro - active and imaginative in exploring opportunities for deeper commercialisation when dealing with the private sector . ''
the remaining 27 eu leaders , or at least their teams , began getting diaries together on monday .
committee chairman keith vaz said the government 's immigration cap was having ` ` no effect '' on bringing down net migration - the difference between those coming into the country and those going out each year - but ` ` could have caused a crisis in the nhs this winter '' .
allan submitted a transfer request following the second of those offers from ibrox .
` ` we should not meekly accept the annihilation of the scottish steel industry .
he has been charged with aiding and abetting murder and membership of the ira .
rowling previously said the fantastic beasts film series - based on her book of the same name - would be made up of three movies , but this is the first time warner bros has confirmed the plan .
the 27-year - old woman was found at knowle close , redditch , after police were called early on sunday .
bruno is the perfect fit for what the manager is trying to bring to rangers right now . ''
mr mardon had called 999 , and was still on the line to the police when he was shot , the court was told .
with mageean unavailable , claire tarplee will run the 1500 m in finland with naas athlete claire mooney picked for the 800 m .
a statement from gig promoter aikens said : ` ` we regret to announce that both little mix shows at the sse arena will not take place today due to jesy being unwell and not able to perform .
keane , meanwhile , left united for burnley in january 2015 but mourinho is known to be eager to bring the 24-year - old defender back to old trafford .
the amendment to the bill on teachers ' pay will be debated next monday .
meanwhile at least 173 civilians and possibly many more have been killed in air and ground operations against is this month in raqqa itself , the un 's human rights chief said .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 6 and 13 january .
once kyle abbott dismissed sri lanka captain angelo mathews for 59 in the third over of the day in port elizabeth , the tone was set .
the hospital has also asked the public to not visit its accident and emergency department if they have symptoms of the bug .
firefighters were called to a home in marlborough road just after 22:00 gmt on saturday after a fire developed in the first floor and roof .
hamilton , who has won five times in 10 years in hungary , trails vettel by one point at the mid - point of the season .
roedd jason cooper wedi bod o flaen llys o ' r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio laura jayne stuart , ond clywodd y llys ddydd gwener bod ms stuart wedi marw .
` ` if it happens one more time , i ' m going to leave the pitch , because it 's so stupid , '' the italy international said .
the eight were later charged with showing disrespect to the anthem .
allardyce is still to decide whether manchester united forward wayne rooney will continue as captain .
a labour spokesman said : ` ` bob marshall - andrews has not been a member of the labour party for some years . ''
she also did poetry readings and recited at the gala opening of the welsh assembly in cardiff in 1999 .
the last time blackrock cut a significant number of jobs was in 2013 but the firm ended the year with a higher headcount .
the sky ride offered families the chance to cycle a 5 mile -lrb- 8 km -rrb- tour of the city .
the scottish government said research suggested women from black and ethnic minority groups face many barriers to work and are under - represented in scotland 's labour market .
dr halliday wrote : ` ` following the discovery of a small amount of cannabis on school property , three pupils in f3 have now left the school for their involvement in this incident .
the side had topped the premier league table for a record 274 days ensuring they would be crowned champions for the first time in five years .
hutchison has stabilised motherwell - at a personal cost of # 1 m - and has now left the supporters with the opportunity , and the challenge , of taking over .
the sides meet again in the challenge cup final at the sheffield arena on sunday .
his mother , steph bridge , claimed the spot for the fastest female in three hours , three minutes and 24 seconds .
in a third of cases , the cancer will spread to the brain .
three other men who were travelling in the peugeot were injured and taken to hospital for treatment .
car owner craig chevelleau , 33 , was jailed for 23 months after being convicted of perverting the course of justice at manchester crown court .
` ` i am being targeted and it 's a clear case of conspiracy against me , '' he said .
both the centre - right candidate and his welsh - born wife deny any wrongdoing .
the woman told the court : ` ` i do n't want any money , i do n't want his wretched money .
dr young believes the risk of being sent to prison will discourage medical staff from speaking out in future , even if no prosecutions are launched .
all were cautioned after admitting publishing the name of the woman - who has lifelong anonymity under the sexual offences -lrb- amendment -rrb- act 1992 - after the retrial verdict .
` ` i was looking for a new challenge and i ' m delighted to get the chance to play for such a big club , '' middag told the women 's super league leaders ' website .
the victim , 40 , suffered severe head injuries including a fractured skull and had a finger partially severed .
` ` school meals can be a great way to help parents encourage their children to try new foods and to increase the variety of foods in their diet . ''
the 58-year - old moved from his position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year .
he was eventually pinned lbw on the back foot , allowing taylor and stokes to push the innings into a higher gear .
newport rfc chairman will godfrey said both county and newport squash club , who are also based at rodney parade , are protected under their current agreements .
` ` the idea is to let children and adults know that the army , navy and air force do n't go around killing people , '' he said .
berahino has appeared five times for the baggies this season and has yet to score .
de kock and amla ignored the thunder and lightning rumbling around the stadium to get south africa off to a perfect start .
jw : ` ` each year adobe runs a digital marketing summit in the us and here in emea .
` ` our understanding is that the four men accused could have planned to carry out an attack together , '' mr steltner said .
bill palmer , from southampton , called the alex dyke show on bbc radio solent about his life after his wife went into a nursing home .
so a few weeks ago , i emailed narelle lancaster .
he said 50 % of sales were into the eu , whereas 85 % of the company 's workers were in the uk , showing it 's possible to get more out of the trading bloc than is put in .
granada will finish bottom of la liga and adams said : ` ` this season has been a disaster , we must not make the same mistakes .
mr pena nieto said he had made a commitment to help 300 artisans who had stalls at the san pablito fireworks market and had lost their livelihoods .
stanley are 20th in the table , four points above the relegation zone .
two men , aged 22 and 24 , have been arrested and bailed over the crash .
` ` in the meantime , we are both extremely excited to be part of a new era for swansea city and working with huw jenkins and the supporters ' trust in taking the club forward . ''
` ` i was so sad that a brand new park would not be automatically inclusive and so proud of my eight - year - old for standing up for her brother .
clint hill -lrb- rangers -rrb- is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
he is a proper match - winner and , for me , the best player in the tournament .
the work at the corn exchange is part of a project to restore the royal pavilion estate buildings and gardens .
the university student was freed hours after us basketball star dennis rodman arrived in north korea , but fred warmbier said the professional athlete 's visit had nothing to do with his son 's release .
a new website has been launched for farmers to find practical advice on dealing with the disease on their land .
the friends of arthur machen literary society said its members , who include comedian stewart lee , actor barry humphries and writer alan moore , are writing to the local authority .
nouri played 15 league and cup games for ajax in 2016 - 17 , scoring one goal in a dutch cup tie .
` ` air quality in scottish cities is in our sights as much as the rest of the uk and the scottish government should be aware that it could face legal action should it fail to act . ''
the problem arose from a promise by mr hollande - made in his speech to the united houses of parliament after the attacks - to strip of their french nationality convicted terrorists who are ` ` bi - nationals '' , in other words who have a second nationality .
that sentence may have been written more with scotland in mind , but it does prompt the question : which powers ?
monarch 's flights to sharm el - sheikh are still suspended and it does not expect them to resume before next year .
but their english counterparts have different rules regarding work permits .
however , their other top - six rivals northampton saints play saracens on sunday .
a draw would have seen atletico climb above barcelona to the summit going into the 10-day winter break .
although the figures have risen steadily over the six years , this year 's were slightly down on 2016 but still double of that in 2011 .
in 1965 , with the help of john geddes , a senior house officer , and technician alfred mawhinney , prof pantridge invented the world 's first portable defibrillator , using car batteries for the current .
in february , parliament granted powers to build phase 1 of the line - between london and birmingham - which is due to open in december 2026 .
ceding control of arm is an example of the city mindset of ` ` do n't back -lsb- the -rsb- british economy '' , he told the bbc .
on thursday , the firm acknowledged it read the anonymous blogger 's emails in order to identify an employee it suspected of leaking information .
before the shooting , miller founded several white supremacist groups and later ran twice for elected office on a white power platform .
second half ends , huddersfield town 3 , norwich city 0 .
tshibola , 20 , came through the royals ' academy system and signed his first professional contract last summer .
during the visit , scc signed a memorandum of understanding for ` ` trade engagement and partnership '' with senior officials from the yantai municipal government .
jenkins won the world title in 2008 and 2011 , and represented team gb at two olympic games .
this is not the first time a james dyson award has gone to a robotic appendage .
the olympic stadium deal allows west ham to host all of their home matches at the stadium .
` ` everybody was concerned , '' said strachan , about half - time in malta .
` ` on his day he is one of the best in this league , if not the best , '' mccann told bbc radio cambridgeshire .
but the game seemed to be heading for extra time until former stevenage and hartlepool defender hartley came up with the winner in front of the argyle end .
police gave no other information on why they thought the nautilus was deliberately sunk , but it contradicts mr madsen 's explanation that there was a technical fault .
polling traditionally shows that a majority of young people vote labour .
a wada independent observers report recently highlighted ` ` serious failings '' with the ioc 's anti - doping programme at the rio games .
the wba says joshua and ortiz have 30 days from 3 august to agree the fight .
eubank jr will be defending his british middleweight title for the first time .
there are around 200 suicides a year of people cared for by crisis teams - three times the number in hospitals .
these events caused great harm to the economy - the tourism industry in particular - and fiji 's international reputation .
he said people in the local community regard the health board 's proposed changes to a years - long set up as a further downgrading of health services in the far north .
blaze , who won the elite league five times in eight seasons between 2003 and 2010 , finished sixth last season .
blake created the majority of his books from a printing studio in the hercules buildings in hercules road , lambeth .
he told me he came upon it in the corridor and its was like a sauna - a boiling hot water pipe had burst above two classrooms .
in his speech to a group of financiers and executives in the city of london , mr valls said sections of the british media and business classes needed to get past a ` ` caricature '' of france .
a league cup winner with the buddies in 2013 , van zanten , who also had spells at hibs , morton and hamilton , made 18 appearances last season .
marquand has racked up 68 wins across the last 12 months , prompting his trainer hannon to make the comparison with moore .
between working with police in the uk and research at the natural history museum , amoret also works at the anthropology department at the university of tennessee in knoxville .
the drop - off point could be widened to provide a walkway on the right side for foreign - registered coaches .
other north korean observers have also said in recent months that the plant appears to be working again .
anyone with a british passport who lives down under is eligible to participate in the uk 's referendum on exiting the eu if they have registered to vote in the past 15 years .
the children - who are european migrants - were removed by social workers who accused the unnamed couple of belonging to a ` ` racist party '' .
and houston is hoping his new charges can grab fourth place , and a play - off berth , at least .
prof crowther thinks it is because the gas and dust in the region has become compressed as the large magellanic cloud has skirted the edge of the milky way .
independent director frederic salerno has contested the move , and mr dauman remains chief executive .
we just were n't good enough in that first half and there 's no excuse for that .
isle of wight council said it has started the formal process of appeal to the high court for clarification on a matter of law .
broady and watson struggled to make an impact in their first final as a pair with the top seeds from chinese taipei winning in just over an hour .
` ` our card 's maxed out , nothing in the savings account , pockets emptied out and nothing down the back of the sofa . ''
last year , his brother was jailed for life for plotting to behead someone on remembrance sunday .
in a statement scotland yard said : ` ` shrien dewani , 34 , has today , 7 april , at approx 20:00 hrs been extradited from the uk to south africa . ''
` ` in last year 's state of maternity services report we reported on an emerging shortage of midwives in wales .
` ` the last few weeks have seen a whirlwind of activity in ely and caerau focused around our beautiful iron - age hill fort , '' he said .
these are external links and will open in a new window
mrs schlafly 's death , in st louis , was announced by the eagle forum , a conservative group she founded in 1972 .
as well as an annual record , gambling revenue also set a monthly record in december 2010 of $ 2.36 bn - up 66 % year on year .
` ` although qualcomm is disappointed with the results of the investigation , it is pleased that the ndrc -lrb- national development and reform commission -rrb- has reviewed and approved the company 's rectification plan , '' the tech giant said in a statement on monday .
the bodies of ronald kidd , 40 , and holly alexander , 37 , were discovered at a tenement in rosefield street , in the city 's west end , at about 21:00 on sunday .
in the context of this trying background , a 39-year - old pastor called evan mawarire , based in the capital , harare , took to social media last month and called for zimbabweans to re - own their flag , to stop wishing they lived in another country , and to force the politicians to answer questions on their lack of accountability and corrupt ways without fear .
the southbound stretch was closed after the crash and reopened at about 10:00 .
baker , whose address was given as maghaberry prison , admitted the rape and assault of the woman over an eight - year period .
steven rodriguez , who was better known as a$ ap yams or yamborghini , died aged 26 on 18 january at brooklyn 's woodhull medical centre .
the 24-year - old tunisian had opened fire , wounding one .
we see it all at cardiff city . ''
a host of stars joined him for the final show , including the singer bruce springsteen .
at the high court in glasgow , mr whyte heard that he is currently the only person being prosecuted .
` ` berra is the best defender in the league , for me , without a doubt , '' mccarthy told bbc radio suffolk .
it is the first time a single party has won enough votes to govern alone since democracy was restored in 1989 .
it already has plans , revealed in january , to increase footfall to 18 million passengers a year .
the green lions , hosting the first ever cup match on the island , forced the preliminary qualifying round tie to a replay with a 2 - 2 draw on saturday .
oldham athletic 2 , wigan athletic 1 .
` ` brewdog and the portman group have a long history ... we do n't expect them to like us , but we were pleased to see they have started relabeling their products . ''
if a motorcycle taxi driver is nearby , he can respond to the emergency .
dr june raine , of medicines watchdog the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency said : ` ` the benefits of statins are well established and are considered to outweigh the risk of side - effects in the majority of patients .
` ` it was a tank for holding farm slurry , but on this occasion we were using it for the festival sewage and it was starting to leak .
` ` to score a header like that is not the easiest thing , '' added houston .
the vote does not bind the government unless the house of commons also agrees to such a move .
president jacob zuma 's delayed willingness to pay back the money spent on the upgrades to his nkandla residence could be a calculated move to avoid embarrassment at the constitutional court hearing expected next week .
in the first year , doga visited more than 700 students in five schools .
blackwell , 26 , retired after suffering a bleed on the skull in march .
jones said that he wanted england to be ` ` brutal '' but legal in his first match at twickenham since taking charge of england in november .
after his spell in rugby union , tomkins ' brother joel returned to warriors this season from saracens .
` ` we are delighted to confirm that jamie hamill will be returning to rugby park after signing a deal which will keep him at the club until 2017 , '' a kilmarnock statement confirmed .
phoenix said he was dreading the upcoming hollywood awards season which culminates with the oscars in february 2013 .
laurent sanguinetti is a french - australian illustrator who bases himself between sydney and paris .
` ` he said that being dragged down the aisle was more horrifying and harrowing than what he experienced when leaving vietnam . ''
det sgt kevin mulvenna , of police scotland , said : ` ` this was a completely unprovoked and senseless attack on this woman , which has left her blind in one eye .
` ` the lighthouse sculpture has been installed to help spread awareness of the lane thomas foundation , which was established to provide assistance and support to families whose children need organ transplants , '' walt disney world said in a statement .
mr maduro accused the oas chief earlier this week of being a cia agent and a traitor himself .
izac tsai , 26 , who lives on the fourth floor of the dorney tower , is waiting outside the leisure centre after being told he will receive a call once staff have found him alternative accommodation .
he was found guilty by doncaster magistrates in may 2010 , fined ? ?
` ` unknown comedian norman collier won a standing ovation for his act in the royal variety show , '' wrote the daily express , of his critically acclaimed turn .
and i will bet that the great evolution of the adult comforter has not ended at the smartphone .
however there are fears that the suspects captured or killed in this operation could have been inspired by the killings in france to accelerate their own plans , the bbc 's chris morris in verviers says .
it is the first prosthetic she has had and fits on her hand ` ` like a glove '' she said .
if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk .
` ` the man is accused of making islamist statements on the internet using a false name and of revealing internal agency material in internet chatrooms , '' the spokesman added .
` ` lord coe says he is the right man to lead the organisation but given the report said the ruling council , which coe was a member of , could not have been unaware of doping problems , that is going to be a significant issue for him .
match of the day presenter gary lineker tweeted : ` ` newcastle have finally put steve mcclaren out of his misery .
about half of his ear has completely disappeared .
the hacker said he did not intend to abuse the access he had gained to the printers .
but , the church of england survey found that four in 10 people did not believe jesus was a real person , with a quarter of 18 to 34 year olds believing he was a mythical or fictional character .
the isle of wight council had asked the high court to clarify whether a seven - day absence amounted to a child failing to attend regularly after mr platt , 44 , took his daughter on holiday , despite her school refusing permission for the trip .
asked by the bbc 's victoria derbyshire about a survey that showed many myths about hiv endure in the uk , sir elton said he was not surprised considering the dup 's trevor clarke said this week he did not know until recently that heterosexual people could contract hiv .
this huge 2,000-year - old lump of butter was found in a bog near drakerath in ireland last year .
the ulster rugby statement said ` ` players and supporters respectfully observed a minute 's silence prior to the fixture against newport gwent dragons on sunday '' .
capt schettino has accepted some degree of responsibility , asking for forgiveness in a television interview in 2012 as he talked of those who died .
ralph lauren and airweave both stressed that they would continue their support of the us olympic and paralympic teams .
van gaal felt his side improved as the first half went on and could have scored more goals .
mrs taheer , 21 , has been charged with assisting another to commit acts of terrorism by providing her bank details to purchase a knife .
they are ready to continue .
hours after the air strikes in hajjah , coalition warplanes targeted the headquarters of the special security forces in the southern sabaain district of sanaa .
the two mothers said the boys went fishing offshore when the weather turned and ` ` something went amiss '' .
in a statement , the mqm party denied any association with the suspects or involvement in the murder of dr farooq and accused the pakistani government of political victimisation .
the marine conservation society -lrb- mcs -rrb- described it as an ` ` embarrassing u - turn '' for the welsh government , and has called for better protection of seas .
she has used laser cutter technology to make cases for the computers she uses for her projects and has even used a 3d printer to design a vacuum - formed chocolate mould for a friend 's birthday party .
karen downes said she is taking legal action over a 13-year gap in releasing cctv images of the teenager 's last day alive .
it is still possible but the europa league is easier i think .
she worked as a backing singer for the likes of jarvis cocker and pulp before gathering the courage to upload some of her music to soundcloud .
but once he took office , thein sein 's government began a process of change that surprised his critics .
` ` it 's not cheap and a side effect is that it 's not recommended to consume the coconut milk or jelly for a year after a tree 's been treated , '' mr murphy says .
baroness o'loan , a former police ombudsman , argues that it 's only by confronting the past that people in northern ireland will drag themselves clear of it .
at the same time , the proportion of crown court cases resulting in a conviction fell below the 80 % mark for the first time since 2010 - 11 .
amari'i bell fired into the side - netting for the hosts , while richard chaplow scuffed a chance for rovers .
this is because the election result could have a huge impact on who runs the next uk government .
tour de france director christian prudhomme added : ` ` this is the victory of a complete rider .
celtic 's head of youth , chris mccart , added : ` ` we were all delighted to see karamoko make his debut for the development squad against hearts in what proved to be an entertaining game .
he said there are currently 626 staff waiting for a parking space .
at least 17 people died in the disaster at grenfell tower in north kensington , west london in the early hours of wednesday .
the tamils settled in moreh hoping one day to return to their homeland - but those dreams have never been fulfilled .
lafferty made one league appearance for norwich last season , and played six times for birmingham city on loan .
several of those suits name usa gymnastics as a co - defendent , claiming they had not done enough to prevent the abuse .
belatedly , the bbc has responded to some of the criticisms .
he was also handed a three - year sentence for the serious injury charges , which will run concurrently , and has been banned from driving for eight years .
ai weiwei at cylcadic is the artist 's first ever exhibition to be displayed in greece , and closes on 30 october .
` ` i ' ve been champing at the bit these last few camps , training hard . ''
the minister owes that to the public , to sport ni and to the committee . ''
the number of hours spent by the yas to handover patients was about 12,000 in 2013 - 14 and about 16,000 in 2014 - 15 .
overall , mr gardner forecast average house price growth of between 3 % and 6 % nationally in 2016 .
` ` they are the best team in europe .
he apparently woke up in a confused state before contacting greater manchester police at about 15:00 gmt .
if you submit a picture , you do so in accordance with the bbc 's terms and conditions .
european athletics set up a taskforce to look into the credibility of world records in january .
in 2006 , one of the websites she formed took the decision to publish cartoons of the prophet muhammad which had earlier been printed in a danish newspaper , sparking widespread protests in several countries .
` ` discussions have taken place with natural resources wales regarding possible options to reduce the risk of a breach at this location .
but , in a statement read to the court , miss thompson 's mother lisa harrison said her daughter did not say she had a problem being in a men 's prison .
emily lenham , from the cps , said : ` ` a very dangerous man has been convicted of a brutal and senseless crime . ''
villa manager tim sherwood said : ` ` i knew there was interest from manchester city and few other clubs who had shown a lot of interest in fabian as i expected for such a small fee on the buyout clause .
two men in their 20s were arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and possession of ammunition .
one of the main changes through the course of the 13th century was the difference in the way people paid for things .
they hope the technology could eventually be used to save lives .
serbia will have to play their group i euro 2016 qualifiers against denmark and armenia in an empty stadium .
villar , who denied all the allegations , has been suspended for one year by the spanish football federation .
hiddleston has been speaking about his first emmy nomination for the night manager , saying it was ` ` fantastic '' to to be up for outstanding lead actor .
alex wurz , the chairman of the grand prix drivers ' association , was not immediately available to respond to ecclestone 's claims .
injuries led to a recall for their final game of the season against middlesbrough , when a 1 - 1 draw denied brighton automatic promotion , and he retained his place for the play - off semi - final defeat by sheffield wednesday .
second half ends , mansfield town 0 , barnet 1 .
mr drumm moved to the us in 2009 , the same year anglo irish bank had to be bailed out by irish taxpayers .
morata played in back - to - back champions league finals , having appeared as a substitute in real 's 2014 win and scoring in juventus ' 3 - 1 defeat by barcelona in 2015 .
scotrail alliance managing director phil verster said : ` ` i am pleased that we have reached an in - principle agreement with the rmt and aslef unions that , if formally agreed , will bring this dispute to an end .
macdonald made 67 league appearances for national league club torquay after signing in 2014 following the collapse of previous club salisbury .
general rios montt was found guilty of genocide and war crimes two years ago , and sentenced to 80 years in prison .
in 2011 , services in the city were ranked ` ` adequate '' .
gold has since deleted the tweet , but the prankster has pinned a screen grab to the top of his twitter timeline .
born in 1904 , reinhard heydrich was a decorated german naval officer in the weimar republic .
it was the second time the life - sized doll had been stolen from the nativity scene in the past two years .
chinese grand prix coverage details
she has been given a caution order for 12 months .
the muslim council of britain said it had compiled more than 100 incidents of reported hate crimes since the result .
anne hidalgo said the people of paris had been ` ` insulted '' and the city 's image had been ` ` damaged '' .
he and other russian opposition politicians have described the sniper video , which appeared after the chechen leader called mr putin 's critics ` ` enemies '' and ` ` traitors '' , as a murder threat .
` ` i really believe that president trump is not beyond redemption , that he still has an opportunity to rise to the majesty of the office . ''
chelsea director marina granovskaia added : ` ` antonio achieved incredible success last season , adapting to english football very quickly and leading us to the premier league title .
norwich , who were relegated from the premier league in may , signed the 22-year - old from birmingham city for # 3.2 m in july 2013 .
but trescothick , playing characteristically powerful cover drives , and trego , who capitalised as the middlesex bowlers often dropped short , compiled their huge fifth - wicket stand to drag the hosts back into it .
among the highlights of news day , was an interview by school reporters from west bridgford school with bank of england governor sir mervyn king .
` ` fe gafodd y ganolfan ei gwagio gyda chymorth ein partneriaid , ac fe gafodd un dyn ei arestio - mae ymchwiliad yr heddlu ' n parhau . ''
dr mckeown said that by the time current first year students graduated there would be a pressing need for new gps in scotland .
it focuses on the death of lt colonel rupert thorneloe in 2009 .
an export request was filed for the painting in december 2012 to move it to london , but was opposed by spain 's culture minister .
a cricket ireland statement read : ` ` he will miss the games against sri lanka , but we would be hopeful he will play a full part in the five - match one - day series against afghanistan in july . ''
it was immediately clear that he hated the whole process , refusing to move from behind his laptop to a more spacious room where the shot would have been much better .
he has been bailed to appear before hastings magistrates ' court on 1 july .
corbisiero , 24 , was part of the england squad currently in argentina for the two - test tour , but has been released immediately to join gatland 's team .
the carriage transported churchill 's coffin from london to oxfordshire in 1965 .
it is the second time in under a year a wartime bomb has been discovered in the park .
richard michael walsh , 43 , of no fixed address , has been charged with two counts of attempted murder and one count of assault .
the princess commented on the auction page : ` ` i ' ve been amazed by the amount of attention the hat has attracted .
he said reuben was left on the bus in may last year and left at school the following december .
the defeat left boro in 19th place after 30 games , seven points behind hull , who are one place above the relegation zone .
greenwood , 22 , featured in the 2015 women 's world cup and is the club 's eighth signing of the transfer window .
contributed to the economy in 2014/15
an fo spokesman said : ` ` we are urgently working with the authorities in thailand to establish whether a british national has died in phuket . ''
it would see the creation of a new campus with all education for children aged from two to 18 in the area taking place on one site at hartrigge park .
the female driver , who was the only person in the vehicle , was taken to aberdeen royal infirmary for treatment .
aberystwyth and cardiff metropolitan both scored 83 % in the 11th national student survey .
about 150,000 people have a stroke in the uk each year and more than 100,000 heart attacks are recorded annually .
the target was reached on monday after the freemasons in derby donated # 10,000 with a new target set at # 75,000 .
delegates at the alzheimer 's research uk conference heard that the university of nottingham is now developing a quick and easy test to do in clinics .
samye ling was the first buddhist monastery to be founded in europe and students later included david bowie and leonard cohen .
the university of gloucestershire - based all golds , who are in the third tier of rugby league , currently play in cheltenham but want a permanent home .
hard when coming on at 3 - 0 down .
so the communities secretary sajid javid went out of his way to sound no - nonsense and tough today .
according to tim montgomerie , the assiduous student of backbench opinion who writes for the website conservative home , a third of those now on the conservative benches would like to see a fundamental renegotiation of the uk 's relationship with europe , and another third would like britain to come out altogether .
hopkins joined the centurions from amateur club leigh east and has been a regular for the championship side since 2011 .
there have been concerns the poles are too large and bids for planning permission have now been submitted .
however , it found that they failed to properly examine the extent of the child sexual exploitation taking place and their attempts to find and stop the abusers was - in the words of the review - ` ` limited and inconsistent '' .
` ` electrical stimulation is unlikely to turn you into the next einstein , but if we 're lucky it might be able to help some people to cope better with maths . ''
six people were rescued after their vehicles got stuck at a flooded roundabout on woodgrange drive .
but fitzpatrick , 21 , who has led since day one as he seeks a first european title , picked up his fourth birdie at 15 to join the thai at 12 under .
` ` we would strongly urge businesses not to read an employee 's personal messages , apart from in the most exceptional circumstances . ''
at 81 , justice ginsburg is the oldest serving judge on the supreme court .
buses were organised to take passengers between newcastle and edinburgh , with people advised to avoid travelling if possible .
` ` having known jonny since he was a youngster and seen his development for myself , i know he 'll fit right in here , '' said bath coach darren edwards , who worked with evans at dragons and with wales u20s .
whedon also denied the accusation that he quit twitter because of specific criticism from campaigning group feminist frequency .
mr gill said ` ` it would have to be the leader '' asking him to quit a role .
speaking to today programme presenter john humphrys , he accepted that in retrospect it would have been better to challenge the intelligence used to justify the war , but stood by his decision to join the invasion .
mr swinney will give a statement on tuesday .
pan gyhoeddwyd canlyniad y bleidlais gyhoeddus ym mrwsel nos fawrth , fe ddaeth derwen brimmon - coeden tua 500 mlwydd oed ger y drenewydd - yn ail i goeden 650 oed yn wisniowa yng ngwlad pwyl .
the healthy women , who ranged in age from 58 to 83 , were monitored over the next eight years and any disease - related deaths were recorded .
the death of mr meles has raised new anxieties among the regional allies with troops in somalia .
the taxi driver tried to raise the alarm while walking to the bank by telling a passerby : ` ` i am a taxi driver - there is a boy in my taxi with a gun .
the incident happened at the edenderry industrial estate on the crumlin road on wednesday afternoon .
a comedy club chain may be responsible for forcing one of the biggest tv hits of the past 10 years to change its name .
it was the first time the single transferable vote -lrb- stv -rrb- system had been used to select two members in the same ward in a by - election .
at great expense , young chinese have chosen to move from the confines of china 's tightly - controlled education system to the ` ` fresh air '' of campuses which cherish tolerance and which offer all the tools to explore a range of different narratives of their own place in the world through reading and debate .
manchester united
including the # 560 m hit , and other costs and gains the bank considers to be one - offs , third - quarter profit before tax fell to # 861 m from # 1.22 bn a year ago .
the target for treating people diagnosed with cancer within 62 days fell from 85.8 % during the previous quarter to 84.4 % in the first three months of 2014 .
of his 100th birthday celebration , mr jones quipped : ` ` i 'll be glad when it 's over because of the fuss they 're making . ''
it stresses the uncertainty surrounding the forecasts , but concludes : ` ` the impact of brexit on the uk energy system is very likely to be negative . ''
last year , the un accused islamic state for the first time of committing genocide against yazidis in iraq and syria .
hamilton , 30 , won a thrilling united states grand prix to seal the drivers ' title with his 10th victory of 2015 .
by the late 1990s , according to the high pay commission , the ratio of top pay to average pay had risen to 47 times .
lord porter , lga chairman , said : ` ` following the horrific fire at grenfell tower , councils with tower blocks in their local area have been working with their local fire service , and undertaking urgent reviews of their high - rise buildings .
the home office said it was ` ` encouraged '' that so many retailers had been ` ` denied the chance to profit from this reckless trade '' .
winning designer stevenson , who has lived in peru for five years , attended his first ayr match in 1979 and went on to design the club 's match - day programme .
speaking after its failed talks with the union on monday , merseyrail 's managing director jan chaudhry - van der velde said the strikes would ` ` do immeasurable damage '' as the ` ` eyes of the world will be on liverpool '' during the grand national .
` ` it is difficult to fight for the premier league if you show that lack of desire to play for a win . ''
` ` i think he 's the best left - back in the country . ''
her mother mother alison hind , 28 , died in the crash .
britain 's joshua then beat american charles martin to win the ibf belt in april .
` ` for tel aviv people this is a bit of a shock .
with a general election in the offing , the government last week asked the judge for permission to delay the draft plan .
the joint venture will be two - thirds owned by the australian company , with the remainder owned by the london - listed domino 's pizza group , which already has operations in germany .
for hibs , lennon represents substance and profile .
` ` the alliance will retain and strengthen france 's presence in the energy business and reinforce alstom transport , '' said ge 's chief executive , jeff immelt .
however , mr dragasakis added that the eu and imf still wanted greece to cut pensions - something athens has said it would never accept .
` ` the jury was distressed by the company 's conduct . ''
` ` but the most likely cause leading to death may be shock . ''
but in peshawar even people who witnessed the attack hesitate to blame the taliban by name .
deborah steel , who was 37 and ran the royal standard in ely , was last seen in the early hours of 28 december .
the mint in llantrisant , rhondda cynon taf , announced earlier this month that children who shared the birthday would be able to receive one of the coins .
but there are about 500 deaths a year in the uk from cardiac arrest among the under-30s .
the ex - defence minister said that ` ` years ago '' a seaslug aircraft missile was ` ` fired into wales '' by mistake .
the former hearts captain recently left leeds , having moved to elland road last summer despite a trial at rangers .
during his absence , senator ludlam will be offered a ` ` pair '' in the australian senate .
while nottinghamshire 's hales averages only 38 in first - class cricket , he is the only england batsman to have scored hundreds in twenty20 and one - day internationals , and also made a half - century in the warm - up match against south africa a.
the locomotive has also had its british rail number , 60103 , repainted on its cab .
she died at her home in the northern city of verbania .
miss bradley told the court he was a bright boy who worked hard within his family and understood what he had done was wrong .
three years ago , one of the president 's best friends , then interior secretary juan camilo mourino , was killed in a plane crash in mexico city .
but today , nearly half of the dutch firm 's business is focused on healthcare .
sara mendes da costa has been the voice of the speaking clock since winning the last competition in 2007 .
originally conceived as a way of advancing the development of artificial intelligence , the ultimate aim is for a team of robots to take on and beat their human world cup winning counterparts in 2050 .
in the same month , two members of the saudi security forces were killed in separate bombings in awamiya .
the teen then pulled out a machete , which was shown to the court , and held it to the driver 's neck .
` ` initially we would like to reassure those living in or visiting the town centre that we are taking positive action against youths causing repeat issues of anti - social behaviour in and around the town to ensure that they are not plagued by the behaviour of certain youths .
in 2002 , 19 people , including 11 german tourists , were killed in a bomb blast at a synagogue in the resort of djerba .
hackney council is providing temporary office space for up to eight people in the canopy of a tree in hoxton square from june .
this year 's total was less than the 75 million at uk sports events in 2012 .
the full interview with the chief executive of royal bank of scotland ross mcewan will be broadcast on bbc newsnight at 22:30 gmt on friday 12 february .
the six - month deal saw iran agree to scale back its nuclear programme in return for sanctions relief .
` ` we have an epidemic of zero - hours contracts in our country - there 's been a 20 % increase in the last year alone - undermining hard work , undermining living standards , undermining family life .
and he warned that the election was ` ` not just about the future of the uk but about the very existence of the uk '' .
` ` we will have a network to rival the best ones , like manchester and nottingham and even south london .
a guide for patients is also being developed with the long term conditions alliance cymru .
assisted by lewie coyle with a cross .
it reads : ` ` we are particularly concerned about the volume of complaints we have received ... we believe that the majority of these complaints are caused by students on their way to or returning from a night out .
at least two paralympic medals are also expected .
land rover bar started the qualifiers with two points and oracle team usa with one after finishing first and second respectively in the 2015 - 16 america 's cup world series .
` ` this is a quiet area and we do believe that the attack was targeted , however , even so , this was a vicious attack on the man , '' he said .
operating profit fell 7.5 % from the previous quarter .
mr rennie added : ` ` it 's a tremendous result for the liberal democrats in north east fife . ''
` ` they -lsb- the russians -rsb- are trying to destabilize democracy all over the world , not just here .
a foreign office spokesman said : ` ` we are in contact with local authorities in peru following an incident involving a british national in machu picchu . ''
lawyers will now be allowed to present new evidence on two fronts : the reliability of mobile phone records and the testimony of a potential alibi .
sheriff frances mccartney issued a warrant for his arrest .
the family told medical staff they travelled to the uk in order for their son to receive hospital treatment .
the online petition gained more signatures than any other on the parliamentary website in the wake of the eu referendum result .
` ` we have appointed a special manager and we are sure he can bring some special times to celtic . ''
an eight - year - old girl was among those killed in monday 's suicide bombing at manchester arena , at the end of a concert by us singer ariana grande .
during world war two , wajda joined the polish resistance .
` ` it was just a targeted , what 's called extra - judicial killing . ''
labour welsh government deputy health minister vaughan gething said : ` ` the nhs is a real dividing line between labour and the tories this may .
eight houses in galashiels , hawick , kelso and selkirk were searched during the investigation of people suspected of being involved in the sale of drugs .
however , advanced ticket sales of just 700 compared with 5,000 sold in 2015 prompted the decision to cancel .
the foi shows 46 illegal immigrants were detained or arrested at dover - one of the main gateways to britain - between january and april this year .
in july , the hall was damaged in another paint attack .
poland 's tussle over abortion ban
an investigation is being into emstrey crematorium 's failure to return babies ' ashes to bereaved parents .
in november , watches , and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen during a raid at the store 's branch in yarm .
williams was the first black woman to be named miss america in 1983 but resigned after a magazine published nude photos of her without her consent .
the central bank blamed a decision to move the press conference to a small venue .
i hope the internet will continue to play a complementary role in activism .
the names of the victims will be read out ahead of a minute 's silence at 13:22 gmt - the exact time of the crash .
the 27-year - old knows they must win in dublin to boost their chances of qualifying for a first world cup since 1958 .
meanwhile , moldovan canoeist serghei tarnovschi has been provisionally suspended for failing a drug test .
you can make your premier league predictions now and compare them with those of lawro and other fans by playing the bbc sport predictor game .
afghan officials say 2,500 fuel tankers are stranded at the border .
it has never been fully implemented and mr mugabe has previously said many sectors of the economy are exempt .
the 2007 wimbledon runner - up had won her first grand slam at the 47th attempt - the longest wait in women 's tennis before a maiden grand slam .
josh hanson , of kingsbury , north - west london , was stabbed in the neck at the re bar in eastcote , hillingdon .
senior sources at the company say that about 80 % of the scheme relates to openreach , the internet infrastructure provider that bt 's rivals would like to see spun off .
helicopters started removing residents from their homes in deggendorf on wednesday after two levees along the danube and isar rivers broke .
this feature was first published in october 2014 and updated in the wake of dutee chand being cleared to race on 27 july 2015 .
` ` but i 'd like to get out there as well , experience a bit of what is on the world stage , so hopefully some opportunities come up and i can grab those . ''
if you have experienced sexism in sport did you report it ?
a 10 % fall in oil prices should lead to a 0.1 % increase in economic output , say some .
rtÉ has reported that searches are being carried out on ten houses and flats in dublin 's south inner city .
gramoz kurtaj -lrb- hamilton academical -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
she has also overseen savings of Â # 117 m since 2010 and was at the helm as northumbria police reopened no crime rape reports following an audit .
staffordshire police said the dog had been taken to specialist kennels .
four us tourists and an australian pilot died after their light plane came down on a shopping centre on tuesday .
the first phase of the # 56bn railway is due to open in december 2026 , with trains to travel at high speed between london and birmingham before continuing on the existing west coast main line .
cliff richard , the celebrity photo hack and oscar pistorius were also in the top 10 .
the symphonie fantastique is one of the most remarkable pieces .
` ` we are supporting the family of a british national who has been hospitalised in thailand , '' a spokeswoman said .
they 're also increasingly participating in a war of words over illegal immigration and how the candidates could best address the more than 11 million undocumented workers currently living in the us .
andy james , chairman of children are unbeatable , a campaign group in favour of a smacking ban , accused the group of ` ` scaremongering '' .
` ` the snake was thought to be a green mamba , one of the deadliest snakes in the world .
the statue of cecil rhodes has become part of a symbolic struggle at the university of cape town , one of the the highest ranking universities in africa in international league tables .
substitution , manchester united .
africa 's middle class is expanding .
russia 's main media outlets are state - owned or controlled by loyal oligarchs .
sheffield city council put up a commemorative plaque to the women in 2011 , while plans for the sculpture were already under way .
prof johann de bono , a professor of experimental cancer medicine at the institute of cancer research , said : ` ` these drugs are already in clinical trials for several types of cancer , and i am excited that our work suggests they could also benefit men with prostate cancer who have otherwise run out of treatment options . ''
` ` angharad passed away peacefully today with her family at her bedside in london , after a long battle with pancreatic cancer , '' her family said .
it means that parents will now have to seek permission from the school and head - teacher to take children on holiday during a school term .
gotland and guernsey have shared the table tennis gold medals between them for the past decade .
throughout the inquiry , police have been investigating whether the gang was tipped off that kardashian west 's bodyguard was not at the hotel residence at the time of the robbery .
the company said like - for - like sales were up 4.7 % in the four weeks to 7 january .
` ` for the last month my family and i have been subject to a vicious smear campaign with racist overtones , '' he said .
the 1998 tetley 's bitter cup was the only silverware to follow .
irish and quins are due to meet again at the madejski stadium on sunday 1 may , on the penultimate weekend of the season .
` ` to be here inside a club that looks so wonderful from the outside is a dream , '' said the 27-year - old ex - porto player .
energy stocks fared the worst on wednesday , as oil prices slid following a new report that showed a rise in us production .
` ` it 's an opportunity for the deaf people to come along and see in their first language , which is sign language , five parties and their representatives giving some information about their manifestos and their political policies , '' she said .
she told the bbc scotland news website : ` ` we have four guides at the moment but will be training up more in september .
that is the legacy gartside has left .
` ` i ' ve got high hopes for him -lsb- cathro -rsb- , '' levein said .
while the model may be able to read my lips better than a human , it can only do so when i say a meaningless list of words from a highly constrained vocabulary in a specific order , '' he writes .
the egyptian investigation committee said the data recorder had been ` ` retrieved in several pieces '' by a specialist ship , the john lethbridge .
guidolin , however , is in the dark about his future .
the attack , claimed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , was the deadliest in tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of long - serving ruler zine al - abidine ben ali in 2011 .
the report goes on to say that abortion should be decriminalised in northern ireland ` ` in all circumstances '' and that the executive should ` ` review its legislation with a view to ensuring girls ' access to safe abortion and post - abortion care services . ''
northern ireland under-21 international rooney , 20 , has played just three times this season but scored twice against the pools on his argyle debut in may .
the possibility of brexit was one of the factors that led the us federal reserve to keep interest rates on hold , chair janet yellen said .
the focus is on the river wye and its tributaries , the last remaining native crayfish stronghold in wales .
its control , ethics and disciplinary body dismissed the case after a hearing including experts from world anti - doping agency - accredited laboratories .
1884 - spain colonises western sahara , an area formerly populated by berber tribes .
he was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003 .
england boss hodgson said : ` ` michael has got a severely twisted ankle which normally means ligament damage .
the 37-year - old suffered the injury on 4 june during the first innings of sussex 's county championship division two win over worcestershire .
his last century for england in any match was 154 -lrb- retired out -rrb- against australia a in hobart on 6 november , 2013 .
one of the big problems which the authorities faced when trying to sort out the refugees with new homes was the fact that many children travelled across europe - and were living in the jungle - on their own .
since its launch in september 2010 the bikes have been hired 2,270 times - a daily average of about two rentals .
he will also coach the women 's under-19 and under-21 sides .
jack mudd , 19 , who planned to go to a us university to continue his golfing career , died in the crash .
the authorities estimate more than 1,000 hectares of agricultural land have been devastated by the locusts .
second half ends , mk dons 3 , bristol rovers 3 .
auditors also found the health board failed to follow procurement rules when appointing suppliers for the event .
` ` i spend almost 10 hours a day on the river bank , with my eyes fixed on the coins thrown into the water .
a private benefactor has paid for the purchase of the flags .
the letter will be auctioned during the anderson and garland 's fine art sale from 22 to 24 march .
` ` we have five huge games coming up and i think we need to win all of them if we want a shout of the play - offs or even the top six , '' said dickinson , 32 .
snowdon race tweeted its congratulations to one couple who got engaged after finishing the event .
officers said he had a silver stud in his left nostril , a scar on the knuckles of his left hand and spoke with a foreign accent .
he was further charged in connection with a separate hare coursing incident in the pathhead area on 23 march .
a number of people were taken to hospital after the crash .
y farwnes anelay sydd wedi cymryd ei le fel gweinidog gwladol dros adael y ue wrth i ' r prif weinidog theresa may roi trefn ar ei chabinet newydd .
rocks meet phoenix in the play - offs , after the cheshire club marked the final league game at northgate arena with victory against sharks .
private derby xxx was promoted to the rank of lance corporal at an event in chester marking eight years of the mercian regiment .
asked if he talked about other things , she said : ` ` the other women that he cheated on me with . ''
and technology is ` ` transforming the meetings and events space , '' says mr aggarwal .
conservative councillor ian gillies said the scheme was designed to enforce traffic restrictions in place on coppergate since the 1960s which were ` ` only enforced infrequently '' .
mr duddy 's work as the secret peacemaker '' was almost done - and the good friday peace agreement was signed four years later .
though now , it 's not enough to merely like a music video - you have to remix it .
most of those who arrived before march 20 , the start of the eu - turkey agreement , are free to come and go , but can not leave the island .
` ` we are all preparing for our game and obviously yids is in limbo at the minute .
during his evidence , mr downes said he had asked king and his friends in the close to keep the noise down because his children were sleeping .
` ` it is testament to the excellent work being nurtured in the county structure and through the england lions , that there is a depth of quality pushing the nucleus of the current group . ''
mr larkin sought to refer the verdict against ashers bakery to the uk 's highest court under devolution issues .
some of the protesters were received by the city hall and later said they were encouraged by the meeting .
members of the public told police the shot was fired at a dark coloured car by a white man in a grey hooded top who was on foot .
undaunted , she decided to take part in another national pageant weeks later .
what liverpool lack at the back is a leader , and their goalkeeper does not give them much help there .
only mr brelo was charged because prosecutors said the pair in the car were no longer a threat when he climbed on to the bonnet of their car and fired 15 shots through the windscreen in 7.4 seconds .
this year , the scots , who had anthony mcgill in place of maguire , failed to reach the knockout stages after finishing third in group d.
while russia and ukraine will dominate the discussion , ms merkel can not afford to ignore the snowden issue and neither should mr obama .
the second most - watched video on youtube - baby by justin bieber - lags behind gangnam style by more than a billion views .
brazilian melo would have regained his individual number one doubles ranking with victory alongside dodig of croatia .
his body was found on wednesday and workers who carried out the search formed a guard of honour as it was driven from the site in the early hours of the morning .
mr trump has accused univision of stifling his freedom of speech in order to boost the democratic party frontrunner , hilary clinton .
bauke mollema finished sixth to go second in the overall standings .
with just 50 days until the election , mr osborne has to hope he 's done enough with this budget to woo voters in marginal seats while not alienating traditional tory voters in the south east .
she said the creams can cause a variety of health issues , such as ` ` acne , thinning of the skin , glaucoma or cataracts if applied near the eyes '' .
an imperfect ending , but with its own little perfections too .
january to march 2010 : while manager of inter milan , mourinho is fined three times in as many months by the italian football federation .
banahan 's late charge allowed cueto to touch down for a try at the death , but with flood 's conversion sliding wide england needed a converted try to force extra time - something they could neither conjure nor say their performance deserved .
gloucestershire struggled in turn as the bowlers remained on top all day .
the conservatives want a report into the spending on the 218 ` ` procurement cards '' used for government spending .
` ` it is one of those unfortunate accidents of history that it has become associated with duns scotus who in many ways is certainly one of scotland 's most important philosophers and one who is still making headlines in both theology and philosophy . ''
a munster statement said o'connell , 36 , would provide ` ` invaluable technical expertise and advice '' to the irish province 's next generation of players .
the girl was forced into a dark - coloured vehicle , thought to be a land rover , and taken to an unknown location , believed to be outside the county of hertfordshire , where she was sexually assaulted .
janos lazar said hungary would offer buses to those walking along the main motorway to vienna , as well as to migrants still at budapest 's keleti railway station .
the british - born writer , sister of actress joan collins , died in los angeles , her spokeswoman said .
he has agreed a four - year deal with the gelsenkirchen team , although neither club has revealed details of any fee .
all affected patients have been spoken to and care plans are now in place for their ongoing treatment , a hospital spokesperson said .
a short time later a man in his 30s was arrested and remains in custody .
the 30-year - old made 219 appearances for the cherries in a five - year spell for the club between 2006 and 2011 .
four blasts in sayyida zeinab killed at least 83 people , according to state media .
on wednesday , it was announced pietersen had signed a fourth - month central contract , with a period of ` ` re - integration '' built in .
` ` there have been claims that i fell for a religious cult or had -lsb- shamanist rituals -rsb- performed in the blue house , but i would like to clarify that those are absolutely not true , '' the president said .
thames valley police made the discovery after being called to the property in iffley road at 14:58 bst .
after the pre - season transfer window from 1 january to 18 march and the first half of the league campaign , manchester city women lead the wsl 1 table ahead of defending champions chelsea ladies and third - placed birmingham city .
turkey 's penal code states that anybody who insults the president can face up to four years in prison .
the uk prime minister is facing resistance from france and germany over his plans to create fresh eu agreements .
the head of the metropolitan police , sir bernard hogan - howe , has also previously said he would not cycle in london .
but there is no known evidence of collusion between russia and the us , and president donald trump has dismissed the story as ` ` fake news '' .
action fraud said reports of scams had risen consistently over the past five years .
dave smith , from developer st modwen homes , said : ` ` we understand that the victoria ground is an important site for both the people of stoke - on - trent and the city council .
the caixin / markit manufacturing pmi was up to 48.3 , from 47.2 in september .
it would make non - payment of the licence fee a civil matter , with a fine for offenders set by the government .
singapore 's stock market resumed trading as normal on friday after a major disruption the previous day .
the announcement , by the judiciary of scotland on twitter , stated : ` ` glasgow bin lorry fai : determination to be issued at 12 noon on monday 7 december 2015 .
` ` it is a good thing for a woman to read gloria steinem but has emma watson ? ''
if the deal goes through , he will be new manager claudio ranieri 's first signing for the club .
` ` alan will be our head coach and that is part of the new structure in place at the football club ; a continental - style model designed for continued long - term success . ''
but bank stocks lost ground ahead of the release of quarterly earnings this week and a day after the us consumer financial protection bureau unveiled a rule making it easier for customers to file collective lawsuits .
an ea spokesman said : ` ` after consideration of all the facts relating to the company and the site , the ea has now decided to revoke the environmental permit .
the panel concluded smith was not suitable for approval to be a foster carer .
the hackers also announced an end to rochester 's dickens festival .
the news of bisma 's death put social media in pakistan on fire .
the attendance at the 55,000-seater mestalla was 16,200 .
the 26-year - old defender joins team - mates michail antonio , dimitri payet , adrian , and cheikhou kouyate in committing his future to the club .
turkey and armenia began edging towards a restoration of ties in 2009
it is correct to carry out a burial at sea when someone dies on a sea journey , he says , but in this case there was no sound reason for it .
mary hampton 's bicycle was taken while she did her weekly shop in waitrose .
his decision to run for london mayor in 2008 added excitement to the contest .
can you identify the genuine f1 drivers from the imposters ?
the stations where passengers will be compensated are sandwich , deal , walmer , martin mill and dover priory .
the uk government has said it intends to appeal against thursday 's high court ruling .
the lights switch on earlier this month also attracted a record attendance with 37,000 in leicester 's south asian area .
but the crew agreed to take back their pagers at a meeting on friday night .
brendan boland said he thought cardinal brady 's refusal to resign was wrong .
he added that it was more than a flood protection scheme and could create a ` ` high quality public open space '' to encourage the use of the whitesands .
the road reopened in the early hours following an initial investigation , said north wales police .
` ` children are being taught on the cheap .
obviously , the public trial of the bo case is a political show , '' says the apple daily .
` ` congratulations serena on number 23 , '' said venus , who at 36 is the oldest australian open finalist in the open era .
mr haughwout , 19 , blamed his expulsion on the notoriety that followed the posting of the drone videos and is taking legal action in the new britain superior court in a bid to be allowed to return , ap reports .
the report , by cambridge econometrics for renewableuk , said wind power saved the uk Â # 579 million in fossil fuel costs in 2013 .
the council plans to centralise welsh - medium education for mid and south powys in builth wells high school , which is a 40 mile round trip .
it is the latest addition from klm since it started inverness - amsterdam flights last year .
this mapped the growing north - south divide at gcse level , but also showed there was much less of a gap in primary school .
the local authority involved , the london borough of tower hamlets , rejected a report in the times newspaper that said the foster family did not speak english .
justice thomas has said in the past he prefers not to ` ` badger '' lawyers as they present their arguments in court .
` ` we need someone who can put the ball in the net , '' added davies .
mr pugh 's body was found in the water at peterstone lakes golf club , near newport , after he lost his breathing equipment and drowned in february 2016 .
police found the child after being called to at a home at bromsgrove cottages in faringdon at around 13:20 gmt on tuesday .
murray has only played one grass - court match this year , suffering a shock first - round defeat by world number 90 jordan thompson at queen 's .
profits in yum 's chinese business had dropped in the second quarter because of higher costs but rebounded in the third quarter , rising by 22 % .
if someone has been hit by lightning , call for help as they will need urgent medical attention .
the save our falmouth group organised the event in response to the latest planning applications for large scale student accommodation .
` ` it 's great for me to have that experience on the end of a phone .
the reaction of the oil market to the algiers agreement is telling .
` ` i thank god for the opportunity , '' said oshaniwa of his move to edinburgh .
revised growth figures for the eurozone on tuesday also underpinned confidence .
the adaptation of leo tolstoy 's novel averaged 6.3 million viewers , peaking at 6.7 million .
` ` he 's been up there for three months now , he 's enjoying himself and he wo n't come down , '' mr hamilton said .
margaride rufino , 38 , and anthony roberts , 37 , were found dead at an address in cross road , idle , on sunday evening .
premiums in the third quarter of 2012 were # 406 on average , according to the association of british insurers -lrb- abi -rrb- .
a blue plaque has been unveiled recognising the work of edward ` ` taffy '' bowen , outside his childhood home on stepney lane , cockett .
johanna konta walks around the court very confidently and having the crowd behind you like she has is a big extra factor .
` ` but i put it to you that the smoking ban has destroyed more communities than any any pit closure has done because when people do n't have a place to meet , a place to socialise , they retreat in .
at least 20 buildings were damaged in the derailment and explosion , spokesperson nikolay nikolov told bulgaria 's nova television .
in the weeks that followed , russia annexed crimea , in ukraine 's south , and pro - russian separatists took control of donetsk and luhansk , declaring independence .
the first letter was left after she had dropped her shopping in the supermarket and felt she was at the ` ` end of her tether '' .
` ` one of my experiences is , when you are about to make a major initiative as leader of the party , the last thing you need are voices off ... if you forgive me i am not going to queer his pitch . ''
the storyline of the final series has centred around the rape of trish winterman - played by former coronation street actress julie hesmondhalgh .
earlier this month , american ambassador to syria robert ford briefly crossed into northern syria to meet opposition leaders - in his first visit to the country since he left in february 2012 when the us closed it mission there .
the theatre , which has languished unused for decades , still has much of its original decor and stage machinery in place .
andrew steele , from dunfermline , turned at a police station and confessed to and raping one girl and touching another between 1996 and 2005 .
barclay , 30 , led his 14-man team to victory in friday 's last - four clash as they became the first away side to win a semi - final in the league 's history .
` ` that 's good and it 's not easy to do that , '' strachan told bbc scotland , though he is not getting carried away with his side 's improvement .
ricciardo and vettel are respectively 60 and 117 points behind leader lewis hamilton with 150 still available .
more from farai sevenzo :
local news agency stimme reported that the elephant had previously injured at least two people - including a man who was thrown in the air and a 12-year - old boy who suffered a broken jaw when he was hit by its trunk .
the foreign office said it was providing assistance to a british national who had been detained and to the family of sukhjit singh .
but the charity confirmed no one had been authorised to fundraise in the area .
the team , formed after the collapse of scarborough fc , has been playing home fixtures nearly 20 miles away in bridlington .
the us and uk called on russia and iran , which back the syrian government , to use their influence to ensure the air drops could proceed safely .
` ` this would effectively be my personal contribution of # 300,000 to the main stand fund , '' she said .
in 1974 edwards was named bbc wales sports personality of the year .
` ` any attempt to close it would be a declaration of war on warsop and we would fight it hard . ''
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for mr osborne 's resignation and conservative mps have spoken out against the leadership with mr duncan smith 's former ministerial team divided in their responses to his resignation .
jihadist attacks on shipping in the middle east
nhs digital was unable to suggest what nhs staff may be searching for using google .
` ` i hope nobody will object to a film if it centres on my life story , my struggles to become a boxer , '' mary kom said .
the court of protection , which rules in cases when people are unable to make decisions for themselves , heard the woman has no contact with any of her six children .
she reclaimed the toy on a visit to the house of commons on wednesday .
former arsenal trainee emmanuel - thomas has previously had spells at ipswich and bristol city and spent time on loan at blackpool , doncaster and cardiff .
inspectors in abattoirs used to be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for signs of disease .
the islington - born midfielder , who featured in a trial match for carlisle against barrow , will return to his parent club on 20 february .
wales head coach warren gatland is ` ` optimistic '' williams , 24 , will recover in time to take part in the world cup .
west yorkshire police staged a twitter reconstruction of lindsay 's last movements in november , on the 20th anniversary of her disappearance .
many - especially those with an affinity with western lifestyles - chafe against such restrictions on daily life , but others support the idea , and growing religious conservatism has led to pressure for similar forces to be created in countries that do not have them .
orient , who are 21st in league two , face mansfield on saturday .
the incident comes six months after united 's premier league game against bournemouth at old trafford had to be called off at short notice when a suspect package was found in a toilet in the corner of the stadium .
police said the 29-year - old man was attacked at the gorbals venue 's island bar at about 01:30 .
but despite that , warnock says he will not be rushed into a new contract to keep the midfielder .
the questions pile up : will venstre form a government on its own ?
the charity said it would have told police of any allegation it knew about .
these can cause a heart attack or stroke if they stop the flow of blood .
over the longer term , the population of northern ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2034 .
in north america , ford 's f-150 trucks and suvs were a major contributor to the company 's profit growth .
the 60-year - old was a passenger in a car that was involved in a collision with a van on the foreglen road in claudy at about 16:00 bst on tuesday .
syrian and lebanese politics have been deeply intertwined throughout the history of the two states .
bbc radio manchester also understands the sale of the trotters ' training ground at euxton has yet to be finalised , with league one side wigan making an approach .
the a483 , north of welshpool , was later shut after a crash involving five vehicles just before 15:00 and the road remained closed into the evening .
with disagreements all around , and the extraordinary divisions between labour 's supporters and members and their mps , a silly photograph on the eve of the event may prove the least of mr corbyn 's concerns .
garath mccleary -lrb- reading -rrb- left footed shot from outside the box is blocked .
so when ali 's people lowered the boom about his death at the weekend , one of the first thoughts was for that wee man in 1993 and what happened when we eventually got to the top of the queue and entered the bookshop , like children heading into santa 's grotto .
hitting back , he accused the us of ` ` defamatory aggression '' .
tidal energy specialist nova innovation said this was the first offshore tidal array in the world to deliver electricity to the grid .
this is a wake up call for the un to swing into action in full force and stop north korea 's obsession with nuclear bombs .
a spurs statement said : ` ` we are delighted to confirm the signing of roberto soldado from valencia after he successfully completed his medical . ''
the first part of the finale , shown on christmas day , had 6.7 m viewers overnight .
the amber warning has been issued for counties antrim , armagh , down and londonderry .
rochdale began 2016 - 17 with a 3 - 2 home defeat by peterborough on saturday .
` ` it is mine and ed barnard 's natural game to try and get on with it and , in the end , we can be satisfied with finishing 50-odd behind on first innings from the position we got ourselves into . ''
we ' ve been hunting down activities and sports for all of you , and now it 's time to get inspired .
the fa said it is alleged ferdinand ` ` used abusive and/or insulting words and/or behaviour towards a match official in or around the tunnel area . ''
first we lose lemmy , now news that brad from the specials has passed away .
he is one of 249 men suing the catholic church over alleged historical sexual abuse at st william 's residential school in market weighton .
joshua does not believe klitschko has underestimated him , saying : ` ` he 's coming game , he 's coming ready , and the body does what the mind tells it .
there 's an unpleasant story on the front page of the daily mirror .
after dunne handed himself in , lisa rodrigues , chief executive of sussex partnership nhs foundation trust , said : ` ` we were concerned for mr dunne 's welfare and we worked closely with sussex police throughout their investigation . ''
north korea last fired a long - range rocket in 2012 to put , what it said was , a communications satellite into orbit .
st mirren are eighth in the championship , seven points clear of bottom side alloa .
khan , of pendle street , accrington , has also been charged with breaching a sexual offences prevention order and inciting a girl under 13 to engage in sexual activity .
doosan expects its offshore wind plans in scotland to create up to 1,700 new jobs .
nottinghamshire police said in a comment : ` ` we received a report of a hate incident alleged to have happened at a premises in broadway , nottingham , on saturday 28 january 2017 .
one user who stood out was huckle - given the number of children he had access to and his aggressive attitude .
axel springer , which failed to buy london 's financial times in july , is paying $ 343 m -lrb- # 226 m -rrb- for an 88 % stake .
of those born in 2012 , 135,000 men and 156,000 women are expected to still be alive by age 100 .
the rapper had taken to the stage in a red deel - a mongolian robe - embroidered with a swastika .
the sydney morning herald 's chief political correspondent james massola tweeted ` ` on strike for a week '' , while his colleague judith ireland urged that ` ` quality journalism needs actual journalists to do the job '' .
there were the ones that made me laugh .
she said she can not move the budget bill required to give stormont officials the legal authority to carry on spending money after the end of july .
they say that armies train to fight the last war they fought and military plans do n't survive the first contact with the enemy .
the vicar has been suspended for the duration of the investigation by the bishop of leeds , the diocese of leeds said .
verily chief technology officer brian otis said : ` ` bioelectronic medicine is a new area of therapeutic exploration , and we know that success will require the confluence of deep disease biology expertise and new highly miniaturised technologies .
goodwillie scored just eight goals in two seasons at aberdeen , and spent the final part of last season at argyle boss derek adams ' former club ross county , for whom he scored once .
world 's christians celebrate christmas
the study , published in plos pathogens , showed the drug was ` ` highly potent '' at reactivating hidden hiv .
seven years later , southampton midfielder david prutton was suspended for 10 matches after admitting two charges of improper conduct , having pushed referee alan wiley and attempting to confront another official .
the celtic manager led stromsgodset to the norwegian top - flight league title in 2013 , but says progressing in the europa league would be a more significant achievement .
spectre 's producers confirmed the screenplay was taken as part of an attack on sony pictures in november .
the first scottish boat race took place on the river clyde in 1877 .
stephen beadman , 29 , of george avenue , ibstock , admitted raping and murdering the teenager at a hearing in april .
sutton united 5 , north ferriby united 1 .
harriers have endured a turbulent season on and off the field , with the departures of gary whild and dave hockaday as managers and the pressure of severe financial difficulties .
newsnight has learned that mr cameron telephoned the german chancellor to ask whether she would be willing to issue a statement with fellow eu leaders granting the uk concessions on free movement .
the premier league has made the loan player manager 's role a requirement for all clubs .
spokesman will cairns said it was expecting more people to take part this year in the sea , rivers and lidos .
in february , the trust declared a ` ` black alert '' for about a week .
well , if i were asked by colleagues then of course i would do my best .
` ` the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- and the prudential regulation authority -lrb- pra -rrb- have decided to start investigations into certain former hbos senior managers , '' the regulators said .
there was no medal success for enniskillen 's holly nixon in the women 's quadruple sculls .
many other websites , including the bbc 's international offer , feature unskippable 30-second ads on video content .
eastenders took the top soap prize in a year that saw its first live episode .
brothers jesse and jackson george are not believed to have snatched the monkeys from their enclosure , but they were charged with trying to profit from the theft .
chan winner florent ibenge , who also guided dr congo to third place at last year 's africa cup of nations in equatorial guinea , is desperate for positive results against group leaders angola .
that , however , has been rejected and the rfl and administrator remain in talks over the future of the club .
` ` if i was derek mcinnes , what would i think of that ?
he made his return to the newcastle first team for the 1 - 0 defeat by manchester united on 4 march as a substitute .
, the suspect has been forced to wear a face guard because he kept spitting at prison officers .
the council said that the road closure on the a372 langport road will remain in place next week for the removal of flood pumps .
swansea council bought the oceana building - which was once at the heart of the city 's nightlife - in may and it is understood it has been earmarked as the potential new home for the civic centre and central library .
` ` for dawid to start like that and build an innings , when you have 140 on the board before you lose a wicket you 're going to win a lot more one - day matches than you lose .
canadian troops are part of a multinational coalition to halt the advance of is militants in iraq and syria .
officers investigating the circumstances of his death arrested a 25-year - old man in coleraine just after 17:30 gmt .
some say he simply could n't resist the opportunity for an image that will undoubtedly appear in newspapers around the world tomorrow morning .
no date has yet been agreed for the rearranged fixture .
that is the way markets are reading it today , but as we know , markets can be pretty terrible at reading politics and it is certainly not a done deal that theresa may will use any consolidation of her position as an opportunity to peddle a softer line on brexit .
the soldiers complained of being ` ` led by muppets '' , the court martial heard .
detectives said the man had suffered head injuries and has not yet been formally identified .
the isle of wight 's conservative association executive council met for over three hours on friday evening to debate whether they should ` ` rescind '' their choice of mr turner as the parliamentary candidate .
bg agreed to be bought by royal dutch shell last month .
the # 20,000 samuel johnson prize was won last year by helen macdonald 's h is for hawk .
it has emerged that some time after the alleged assault , the woman had warned arlene arkinson not to have anything to do with robert howard .
the school was thrust into the international spotlight at the start of term in september 2001 , when hundreds of loyalist protesters tried to block the main route taken by the children and their parents on their walk to class .
mosul and other northern cities in the path of the river would be vulnerable if the dam fails .
in a statement the company said the blaze had affected an estimated 1,000 - 2 , 000 tonnes of recycled wood chip .
` ` it 's been a frustrating few months with the injury but i am 100 % fit now , '' he told crawley 's website .
but business groups have described the levy as a new ` ` payroll tax '' .
the city was handed back from british to chinese rule in 1997 .
they say that having more trees is good for our health as well as the environment .
new south wales deputy police commissioner catherine burn said police believe the men arrested on tuesday were preparing to carry out an attack that day .
michael hefele -lrb- huddersfield town -rrb- header from the centre of the box misses to the right .
` ` ms walker had a difficult life in many ways but the extreme act of violence which ended her life was not justified during an argument over a relatively trivial matter . ''
speaking to match of the day after saturday 's game , arter said he was happy to accept sissoko 's explanation that the contact was accidental .
the serbs lost 6 - 4 6 - 4 to brazilians marcelo melo and bruno soares in rio .
alex baptiste -lrb- preston north end -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
the two specimens have helped to show that titanosaurs were living worldwide by 100 million years ago .
` ` we are saying that because agriculture is already very affected by the impacts of climate change , particularly the countries in the tropical zones .
` ` we are both in absolute agreement that wales should be central to the debate that is now commencing , '' said mr crabb .
bonus bonds are an investment that pays out thousands of prizes to savers , lottery - style , every month .
the ea said it would continue to manage and operate the harbour while negotiations - expected to ` ` take a while '' - were completed .
they included information on the permeability of rocks and soil , on their porosity , and all that is known about water table gradients , which tell you about inputs from precipitation .
an emergency towing vessel has been sent to the scene from the northern isles .
the disorder follows rioting in tottenham which broke out on saturday night and continued into sunday morning .
courses to help young people get into work are held at the spectrum centre on the shankill road in belfast .
he is available for alfreton 's game against welling united on saturday .
with only five entrants in the women 's eight an exhibition race took place to decide the lane draw for sunday 's final with great britain finishing second behind romania .
the promise to provide 30 hours free childcare a week was one of labour 's key election pledges and is now part of its five - year programme for government .
police said it was not involved in the crash , but the driver may have seen the other vehicles before the incident .
he has insisted the # 9 m campaign is ` ` money well spent '' - a little premature perhaps , given that we do n't know the outcome of the referendum yet .
` ` owen farrell has had quite a bit of rugby and he 's pretty important to us at the moment , '' gatland said .
shelter helpline adviser nadeem khan said fear of eviction and living in poorly maintained properties are frequent concerns raised by hmo tenants .
speaking in the build - up to wednesday 's trip to crystal palace -lrb- 20:00 gmt -rrb- , mourinho said he wants to keep his squad together for the rest of the season .
an emoji of the chilean flag is widely available while one of the texas flag is not yet .
earlier , japan 's kei nishikori claimed his first olympic medal by beating spain 's 14-time grand slam winner nadal for men 's singles bronze .
they should be back soon , after the training has been undertaken . ''
cardiff blues scrum - half lloyd williams has been called into the wales rugby world cup training squad as a replacement and will report for duty on monday .
prosecutors said the four tourists , along with six others , climbed the peak to enjoy the sunrise on 30 may and then challenged each other to take off their clothes .
the mother of one of the alleged victims said in a statement : ` ` her character changed from a lovely girl to an animal .
whilst many of mr jones 's friends died on the march , he believes it is no coincidence that those who had been involved in the auschwitz football league fared better .
the two men were murdered two days after a university teacher was hacked to death by suspected islamist militants .
the scientists said chronic pain is a common cause of disability .
he is the ninth player in five months to sign a new deal with worcestershire , who will be back playing in county championship division two in 2016 .
the device is one of many frugal , home - grown devices recently showcased at the institution of mechanical engineers in the uk .
from april 2016 , those in england and wales will have to pay a 3 % surcharge on each stamp duty band .
however , victims of clerical child abuse and former residents of magdalene laundry - style institutions in northern ireland are excluded from the remit .
coach pedro martinez losa said : ` ` we are very pleased that alex has signed a new contract with us .
pogba is the only player in the top five not based in spain , with atletico madrid 's antoine griezmann third at # 132 m and barcelona 's luis suarez fifth -lrb- # 127 m -rrb- .
monday 's meeting at the semiramis hotel in damascus was attended by several leading opposition figures , including mr hussein , anwar al - bunni and michel kilo , who have served time in prison for their political activities .
shining path was largely dismantled after the capture of its leader , abimael guzman , in 1992 .
a boy was arrested in a nearby shop .
woman ` live - streamed her suicide on periscope '
the hospital , which was taken over in 2012 when it faced closure with debts of Â # 40 m , is to be returned to the nhs in march .
xi jinping 's speech at a banquet in seattle was wide - ranging , friendly and colourful , sprinkled with chinese proverbs and references to american culture .
ireland , already out of contention for a world cup place , lost by 36 runs in a rain - affected contest in colombo .
john regis set the british record of 19.94 in 1993 , while adam gemili is the only other brit to go sub 20 .
he will stand trial on friday on two further counts of sexual activity with a child , which he denies .
her appeal against that sentence and the conviction will be heard at the appeal court in edinburgh .
he said paediatric first aid training for all nursery staff was ` ` matter of national importance '' .
gareth southgate called him up after johnson was ruled out of saturday 's world cup qualifier against malta .
leyla yunus was found guilty of fraud , illegal entrepreneurship , tax evasion and falsifying official documents .
both clubs have until 18:00 gmt on 8 december to respond to the charge .
appeals for a new trial because of ineffective counsel are seldom granted , but simpson 's history as a murder defendant in a widely - televised 1995 trial could affect the outcome , analysts say .
in a separate attack , a young female suicide bomber reportedly killed at least 10 people in the neighbouring state of yobe .
` ` i think trust is a huge issue in this election - the difference with our pledges is they are not going to expire on 8 may .
do you have pictures or videos of the lenticular clouds and rainbow ?
1 edvald boasson hagen -lrb- nor / team sky -rrb- 4hrs 18mins 00secs
and former england international murphy added : ` ` not just selected , but build the team around him . ''
chris boardman said his mother was ` ` the most positive , outgoing person you could ever hope to meet '' .
united won the community shield and their opening three league games under the former real madrid manager , who replaced louis van gaal in the summer .
` ` pharmacy is the third largest health profession -lrb- in the health sector -rrb- after medicine and nursing , '' says pharmacy voice chief executive prof robert darracott .
but they have kept clean sheets in their last two home games , and neil said : ` ` that 's going to be key going forward . ''
the quality of the visiting team was soon apparent at the pirelli stadium against a burton side who have had a mixed start to their first ever season in the championship .
the partnership board prioritised 32 cameras in the three towns according to their importance in tackling crime and disorder and their contribution to the community .
during their time in the premier league cardiff sacked malky mackay and replaced him with ole gunnar solskjaer .
the cub will be the first giant panda to be born in hong kong .
a 49-year - old local man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and the attempted murder of a 21-year - old woman .
kaylen hinds -lrb- stevenage -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
last week , a judge threw out claims by graphic card specialist nvidia that samsung and others had infringed three of its patents .
real were without cristiano ronaldo , who is serving a five - match suspension after being sent off in the first leg , and left gareth bale and isco on the bench .
norfolk and cambridgeshire police forces were involved in the pursuit .
rhinos chief executive gary hetherington said : ` ` harry had a wonderful life and touched the lives of so many others . ''
martin has presented a number of tv programmes in recent years , most notably channel 4 's speed with guy martin .
the release of the sites contributes to the government commitment to provide land for 160,000 homes by 2020 , he said .
manager paul lambert has also signed former arsenal defender philippe senderos on a free transfer from valencia .
swindon have won three , drawn four and lost 11 of their 18 games in all competitions since tim sherwood 's appointment as director of football on 10 november .
the son of the former fine gael politician hugh coveney , the cork - born 44-year - old has followed his father 's footsteps to a seat in the dáil -lrb- irish parliament -rrb- .
when her nomination was announced i was with a senior diplomat , who had expected president - elect trump to downgrade the job of un ambassador so that it was no longer a cabinet - level position .
thousands of people gathered in the square outside the town 's main church to pay their respects in front of a long row of coffins .
agnieszka radwanska , wimbledon finalist in 2012 , saw off the challenge of former world number one jelena jankovic to reach the second round .
the uk government has pledged to ensure there will be no return to the ` ` hard border '' of the past .
it is now up for auction in june in covent garden by the sincura group .
` ` but i fear it will be regarded by the irish - american element here as purporting to portray actual life in ireland .
on tuesday , pentagon spokesman capt jeff davis said that initial assessments were that more than 150 fighters had been killed at the training facility .
but in a bbc sport interview , pohorecki said euro 2012 had been a big success .
hart achieved fame as a stand - up before enjoying further success as the star of such films as get hard , the wedding ringer and ride along .
the finds are being shown to united nations heritage experts , who are currently visiting stonehenge .
diabetes uk cymru 's director dai williams said : ` ` over the last decade we have seen the number of people with diabetes rising at an alarming rate and these latest figures are a stark call to action .
he wrote : ` ` i have realised this would have been the last photo ever taken of her .
axiom provides out - sourced legal services .
sam baldock -lrb- brighton and hove albion -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
a statement from the rugby football union said : ` ` the -lsb- british & irish cup -rsb- organising committee 's decision was due to the uncertainty of london welsh 's future , its inability to fulfil the next two fixtures and the uncertainty as to whether the club would be able to fulfil its remaining fixtures . ''
a spanish court has suspended a ban on the former france midfielder and world cup winner , 42 , coaching real madrid castilla .
they have been asked to take part in the scottish family health study , which is recruiting 50,000 people .
in a statement the met said the men were being held on suspicion of being members of a proscribed organisation , supporting a proscribed organisation contrary to section 11 and 12 of the terrorism act 2000 and encouraging terrorism , contrary to section 1 of the terrorism act 2006 .
but one letting agent said a ban could hit efforts to professionalise the sector .
she added : ` ` some mail has just been addressed to ben , please mr postie .
his majority increased significantly from 2,637 two years ago to 15,514 .
` ` we are urging potential owners of exotic animals to thoroughly research what is required in the care of the particular species before taking one on .
the aeroplane is a larger version of its new cseries aircraft .
earlier this year a superfast cymru spokesman said more than 80 % of properties in wales had access to the superfast broadband .
all employers are being warned that they need to offer pensions to anyone who is over the age of 22 and who earns more than Â # 10,000 a year .
but it 's interesting to note that some overtime payments appear to be connected to staff shortages .
a senior afghan security official told the bbc that the attackers targeted the nds unit where suicide attackers and key taliban commanders are interrogated .
garbutt , 26 , was sent off in the 71st minute of his side 's 38 - 4 loss for punching opponent james tamou .
then came ennis - hill the mum , a second world title and her final act , a silver at rio .
the announcement has split opinion among fans on the soap 's facebook page , with some worried they are a stereotypical white working - class family and/or a pale imitation of the millers .
morgan owen , from buckley , flintshire , died after being restrained on 5 december .
cardiff missed the striker 's presence on saturday in a dour stalemate with preston .
crossrail 's chief executive mr wolstenholme said : ` ` we are now on the final countdown to the big east / west breakthrough at farringdon , which will link all of crossrail 's tunnels for the first time .
the union sees a second member of staff on board its trains as ` ` critical '' to passenger safety .
this was chilton 's ninth race in indy lights , his previous best finish being third .
customers choose their tyres online , they are then delivered directly from manufacturers to one of 1,350 independent garages , where the customer then books in a tyre - fitting session .
warrington only need a draw to win the first piece of super league silverware this season .
so it seemed incongruous to stand in front of the courthouse last week , fielding questions from presenters in london about why a country with no interest in football had suddenly assumed the role of global policeman of the global game .
ms barr has been running marathons for ` ` 30-odd years '' and took part in the first london marathon in 1981 .
after his death , the company began investigating a possible redesign and have introduced a ` ` stemguard '' , a device made of foam and a rubber - like compound that clips onto the back of a helmet .
` ` zheng is being portrayed as a symbol of china 's openness to the world , as an envoy of its peace and friendship - these two words keep cropping up in virtually every reference to zheng he out of china , '' says prof wade .
dr peter , who has worked as a gp for 41 years , told the court 46-year - old dr rudling , one of his gps , should have shown more curiosity about ryan 's state .
the researchers says this slow - moving current could continue to divert heat into the deep seas for another decade .
almost 25 % of the world 's food is traded on international markets .
the british museum recently turned down a proposal by unesco , the un cultural agency , to mediate in the dispute .
slade has insisted he is still the man to lead the club but dalman says his position is under scrutiny .
mr price has been contacted for comment .
president nicos anastasiades said refusing the bailout would have led to the collapse of the country 's banks .
` ` if i got into my 40s and 50s looking back on my career without having a proper go at it i 'd have been disappointed with myself , '' he told bbc sport .
the records must be released by 8 september , a us district court for the southern district of new york judge decided .
eighteen - year - old defender axel tuanzebe has been named in united 's 27-man europa league squad .
direct to the home delivery will be replaced by community post boxes installed throughout residential areas , canada post said in its plan .
this election promises to one of the most dramatic in decades in france , a core member of the eu with the world 's sixth - largest economy .
is australia 's cambodia solution ` an expensive joke ' ?
` ` as fifty syrian refugees make their home in wales , they will be experiencing their first festive season in the uk - i ' m sure they 'll get a warm welsh welcome and we wish them well in their new lives . ''
it has been agreed , therefore , that the next parliamentary stage of the scotland bill will be rescheduled .
multifuel energy is a joint venture between power company sse and and waste management company wheelabrator technologies .
factory production - which contributes to the overall manufacturing activity reading - was at 47.1 in july , shrinking for the third month in a row .
thirty others received life sentences for their part in the killings in naroda patiya , a suburb of ahmedabad .
on 12 february 1942 , the 18 pilots left raf manston in six swordfish torpedo bombers to try to stop three german battle cruisers in the channel .
iain valentine , director of giant pandas for the royal zoological society of scotland , said : ` ` the latest scientific data suggests tian tian the giant panda is now pregnant and that implantation has taken place , therefore she may give birth at the end of the month .
m5s senator alberto airola was also suspended for a day for insulting members of government .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 26 may and 2 june .
` ` microsoft is at a point where many of the things that we ' ve been researching for twenty years are starting to add up and produce solutions , '' he says .
routine monitoring by argyll and bute council discovered raised levels of algal toxins in loch melfort and seil sound .
red alerts trigger advisories for people to stay inside , schools to stop classes , and restrict vehicle use .
taylor swift came in second on the forbes list , taking home an estimated $ 64 m -lrb- # 40 m -rrb- .
` ` irrespective of this ruling , the uk and other governments should end their shameless arms supplies to saudi arabia , '' he said .
suren thiru , head of economics at the british chambers of commerce -lrb- bcc -rrb- , said : ` ` the bank of england 's decision to keep interest rates on hold was unsurprising .
why are all the siblings so into playing musical instruments ?
despite being a man down , donegal took control in the second period as macniallais palmed to the net in the 44th minute following a sweeping move after a fermanagh attack had broken down .
` ` on the one hand we are opening ourselves up to the future .
profits fell to # 14 m compared with # 32 m a year earlier .
petricola died at sulby crossroads , becoming the 141st fatality at the races since they began in 1907 .
cardiff crown court heard they failed to check blood glucose levels at least every two hours on multiple occasions .
in a statement , bedfordshire police said : ` ` police can confirm they are investigating the disappearance of a missing family of 12 from luton who failed to return home from a holiday to bangladesh .
great britain last hosted the europeans in 2011 in crawley .
china has one of the biggest air pollution problems in the world .
lincoln crown court heard that police found evidence from chat log entries which showed that he made contact with someone he thought was a 15-year - old girl and encouraged her to have sex with her pet dog .
corner taken by juan mata , nicklas bendtner manages to make a clearance .
no organisation will face corporate charges and no - one from the ambulance service will be charged , said sue hemming , head of special crime and counter - terrorism at the cps .
the captain shinnie rose to the occasion , with a stunning strike right out of the blue from 20 yards that arched its way into the top right - hand corner of the net .
over 100 shops in the coastal town of cumana were hit and at least one person died according to local media .
he was found guilty of two counts of making malicious communications and acquitted of a third at westminster magistrates ' court .
north korea has arrested several us citizens in recent years , including journalists and christians accused of proselytising .
paul horton -lrb- 20 not out -rrb- and arun harinath -lrb- 20 not out -rrb- survived a testing final hour to leave northants needing 10 wickets - and leicestershire 350 runs - for victory on the final day .
and they struggled to hold back their emotion .
their arrests follow a week long crackdown on drug dealing in gloucestershire .
on the lighter side , i have n't covered a campaign before where a candidate -lrb- the uup 's robin swann -rrb- says he was been mistaken for a male stripper while canvassing a house .
rees says they felt there was ` ` no drama '' trailing 14 - 7 at half - time .
while the force wanted them tried for murder , this was now unlikely to happen , the inquiry heard .
a legal team hired by ethiopians in us is headed to rio to try and help mr feyisa , who has a wife and two children in ethiopia , with a request to seek asylum in the us .
but mickelson 's round was the lowest in an open at troon .
gwent police said it was ` ` extremely concerned '' after five incidents potentially linked to heroin were reported between 23 october and friday .
the victims were found in raids at three restaurants in coventry , wolverhampton and west bromwich and an address in handsworth , birmingham .
tuc general secretary frances o'grady said : ` ` these figures show that we must hold off on any further rises in the pension age until we have worked out how to support the one in eight workers who are too ill to work before they even get to state pension age .
a spokesman said two gas cylinders had been damaged in the incident and a 50 m cordon had been set up .
as well as the pilot , some passengers reported the smell of smoke in the cabin but they were able to disembark the plane normally .
he was also a kit man for other scottish clubs , including falkirk and hibernian , before moving to northern ireland about seven years ago .
burhan wani is credited with reviving the image of militancy in muslim - majority indian - administered kashmir , becoming a figurehead for young people .
the man , 42 , and also from milton keynes , was arrested by thames valley police earlier in connection with the investigation and is in custody .
the grant will see six hectares of broadcroft quarry in portland , dorset , restored and opened as a trail .
he also set out plans to bring railways back into public ownership to fix the present ` ` transport nightmare '' .
the guidance tells councils not to confuse home education with truancy .
but now national resources wales has ruled that because seagulls are nesting on the roof , the demolition must be put on hold until the chicks have flown .
the boy had lived with the twin in his stomach his whole life , but went to hospital after complaining of pain .
police now believe that the 26-year - old man from rochdale took a crystallised and unrefined version of the drug spice .
` ` at the end of the season he came to me and it was soon clear that he wanted to return to northern ireland to be closer to his family and to play there again . ''
gosh says it has applied to the high court for a fresh hearing ` ` in light of claims of new evidence '' relating to potential treatment for charlie 's condition .
he first moved to perth on loan from falkirk in 2007 , signing a permanent deal the following year .
dundee west mp chris law was questioned by police in september in relation to his spirit of independence referendum campaign in 2014 .
collette wiggin also suffered a broken neck when hunter drove his volvo lorry into the back of a stationary queue of traffic at 43 mph .
guinea earned their only point of the tournament with a 1 - 1 draw with england on tuesday .
chan - hom is now heading north past the city of shanghai .
the brit awards , so who 's going to be there , who 's performing , and what 's the prize going to look like ?
andrew stevens , who works in welsh prisons trying to secure housing for prison leavers , said the need for accommodation was ` ` chronic '' .
ex - england captains andrew strauss and nasser hussain were linked to the job .
his departure was followed by rumours on twitter , instagram and facebook that one direction was about to break up .
although he was the eldest son of the former north korean leader kim jong - il , kim jong - nam was passed over for the leadership and was living outside north korea at the time of his father 's death .
the gang left a short time later without taking anything from the property .
on 1 july 1916 , british soldiers started fighting in the battle of the somme .
lowest performing secondary academy trusts and local authorities
the financial state of the nhs in england has been debated intensely .
oman , which borders yemen , has helped to facilitate the release of other captives , including american journalist casey coombs , who was freed by shia houthi rebels earlier this year .
city of culture is awarded by the uk government every four years - providing the winner with an opportunity to raise its profile and draw investment .
mr farron had asked the ministry of defence how many militants from the terrorist group had been killed by british forces in iraq from 2 december 2015 to 2 december 2016 .
sri lanka play three tests against england , who beat them in the world t20 quarter - finals last month , in the summer .
next of kin have been informed .
inverclyde council said : ` ` thanks to residents and businesses in gourock for their patience while the cordon and safe evacuation procedures were carried out today . ''
on thursday evening a section of the building collapsed , bringing the entire structure down , police said .
he was driving a citroen on the a249 when it hit the lorry , which was legally parked in a lay - by , a spokeswoman for the force said .
the work is still in the lab but is more evidence that those screens are only going to get harder to smear and easier to use .
he said parents in the wider neath area should also get their children vaccinated .
they said not enough was being done to ` ` investigate individual violent incidents '' and the prison was not dealing with perpetrators and victims .
and he has been a regular in derek mcinnes 's side over the past two - and - a - half seasons .
raul khadzhimba defended the protests , saying : ` ` over all the years of his rule the president did not allow anybody in his circle to do their work .
it is now planned to introduce the 20 mph network over six phases .
the red sea development will be built along 125 miles -lrb- 200 km -rrb- of saudi 's western coastline , according to the vision 2030 fund .
foxall says the hope is that flynn , a former player and local man , will be able to galvanise the county supporters .
baroness newlove said 15 % of victims had been given the opportunity to make a victim statement in 2015/16 .
deputy mark dorey , a former social security minister and a current member of treasury and resources , was voted to replace deputy adam .
control of al - rai allows opposition fighters to lay siege to positions held by is to the north of aleppo and cut the group 's supply lines , a commander of the opposition al - mutasim brigade was quoted as telling local media .
sheffield city council was ordered to pay former worker richard rowe , who was abused by dodds in the 1980s , the sum .
since the manchester operation began on monday it has sucked in more and more national counter - terrorism resources .
williams view button as a leading candidate should bottas leave .
naseer , who was extradited from the uk to the united states in 2013 , was convicted of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al - qaeda and conspiring to use a destructive device .
at the high court in edinburgh , she was ordered to pay back # 587,434 through her ` ` realisable assets . ''
` ` he 's 17 years of age , and one of the things as a manager that you need to know is when to put a player so young and so good as tony into the team , '' said houston .
the airport is in competition with heathrow to win approval for an additional runway .
the waller county grand jury would return in january to consider whether to indict police officer brian encinia , who arrested ms bland in july , prosecutor darrell jordan said .
` ` councils with the greatest spending needs - the most deprived authorities - have been receiving the largest reductions . ''
time will tell if this was the selection that proved decisive in england 's euro 2016 campaign - but the bottom line is when you make a controversial choice such as that , you need to win and hodgson 's side failed .
the remains may be part of a massive emergency burial pit where thousands of plague victims were left 600 years ago .
the story of sumarti : born in indonesia , murdered in hong kong
` ` we are ready to respond to the libyan government 's requests for training and equipping the presidential guard and vetted forces from throughout libya . ''
it makes them the first married couple to win gold medals at the same world championships .
she also criticises catheter manufacturers : ` ` what 's needed is for industry to wake up and invest more heavily in new catheter designs and ... materials that resist infection . ''
unbeaten in 21 professional fights , yafai previously held the commonwealth and british super - flyweight belts .
so it is inside bombay house that the fate of a steel plant , thousands of miles away in wales , will be decided by the board of the company .
he then drove it across town in a bid to get home from a night out drinking with a friend .
channel 4 and the un have documented numerous atrocities committed during the war .
a pirate confirmed the release was made without a ransom payment , according to reuters .
in a statement on the wings over scotland website , mr campbell responded to a report of his arrest which appeared in the herald newspaper .
news corp gets more than half its revenue from outside the us .
chloe grace moretz is n't the first star to highlight the issue of body shaming .
summer wroniecki broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd at duffus park in cupar , fife , on saturday afternoon .
the nobel laureate was no doubt bracing herself for awkward questions about why she was n't doing more to help myanmar 's muslim minority and in particular the 800,000 or so rohingya .
drumanure road , derrygonnelly
domestic demand , which india 's economy is largely reliant on , has also slowed in part due to the political upheaval in the country .
the 23-year - old , on loan from chelsea , saved a penalty in normal time and one in a shoot - out when the chairboys knocked blackpool out of the efl trophy in january .
torfaen am lynne neagle said the welsh government has ` ` serious questions to answer '' , while welsh government said it would be reviewing the situation .
palmer , once described as britain 's richest criminal and thought to have been worth # 300 m , got his nickname after he was arrested on suspicion of melting down gold from the brink 's - mat robbery , although he was never convicted .
mrs may said the vote should take place before the commons summer break begins on 21 july , adding ` ` we should get on with getting it built '' .
the researchers said nicotine altered levels of the brain chemical dopamine , which has already been implicated in the psychosis .
but because it 's adam peaty , he might be able to manage that in a year .
woodburn is in his second season at sandy park after moving from bath , where he failed to break into the side .
in many ways botswana is seen as becoming a victim of its own making .
since the video was posted on social media they have received abuse but ms forbes said the views of the people who had posted ` ` are not going to intimidate us - not at all '' .
eight bottles of the whisky were recovered by a diver in 1987 .
` ` qatar is being punished for speaking freely and supporting the arab spring , '' remarks hamas parliamentarian , yahya musa , at a small rally in sheikh hamad city .
mr poroshenko visited the soldiers who had left debaltseve in the town of artemivsk on wednesday .
the court heard how sibery wanted his wife to experience the feeling he got when he took the heroin .
to achieve this , it said a better system of identifying when visitors and migrants got treatment was needed .
the efl said it would also be donating # 175,000 , with member clubs contributing their share of proceeds from the match .
unions have concerns that the new contract will not protect jobs and pensions .
some of the hardest hit areas were torun , gdansk , and poznan - all in the northern and western parts of the country .
at the end of the interval , the theatre representative returned and said the actress 's voice had deteriorated further and that the performance would be cut short .
the government said the sacking was illegal and dismissed the school board .
one person has been taken to the royal glamorgan hospital in llantrisant .
kwan kee , chairman of the hong kong amateur athletic association and one of the race organisers , conceded that the course was ` ` quite boring '' .
a deal is set to be completed by the end of the year and no fee has yet been disclosed .
since 2013 , the government stake has been sold off at first in a couple of big chunks and then in a gradual trickle and so this moment was bound to happen at some stage .
the 30-year - old joined city for # 13.8 m from celta vigo last summer and made 30 appearances , scoring six times .
police say a man in his 20s was stabbed at an address on croydon road between 22:00 gmt and 22:55 gmt in an ` ` altercation '' with another man .
to initiate the service , the researchers are concentrating on the alpine - himalayan seismic belt .
planes have taken food , water and medical supplies to one of the worst - hit islands , tanna island .
nevertheless , the fact is , neo - nazis are indeed a fixture in ukraine 's new political landscape , albeit in small numbers .
brexit secretary david davis said on tuesday the news that one of the london attackers - rachid redouane - moved there from dublin should not alter existing travel arrangements between the uk and the republic of ireland .
xherdan shaqiri is set to miss an eighth straight game for stoke with a calf problem , despite starting for switzerland last saturday .
some argue the creation of his role in the first place is a sign the issue is being taken seriously .
some of the men come from families with close links to the government .
mike mackey , from the manchester - based firm burton copeland , said they will be lodging an application to seek leave to appeal the conviction within the next 10 days .
boeing is one of many companies working to develop high powered lasers that can be used in military or defence scenarios .
mumsnet chief executive justine roberts responded to the call for recruiters to use things like her website but we 're thinking she was n't being entirely serious .
this story is based on her experiences and those of her two sisters , who are still inside the is - held city .
the lawsuit was filed by armstrong 's former team - mate floyd landis before being joined by the government in 2013 .
the news came as standard chartered announced a third - quarter pre - tax loss of $ 139 m for the three months to september .
the aa said it would look at its fees if the tax increased again .
roger lawson , from the association of british drivers , said bus lanes were ` ` discriminatory '' and without any actual benefits .
another koala got stuck head - first in a car grill three weeks ago when it was hit on a road in another part of adelaide , reported abc .
executive producer chris stafford said : ` ` for us this is something that is the culmination of three and a half years ' worth of work , but also we really hope it to be a fitting tribute to sue , that will really introduce adrian mole hopefully to a new generation of audiences . ''
a ` ` terrorist hide '' was uncovered at capanagh forest near larne after two members of the public found suspicious objects in the woods on saturday .
a year ago , dodson and browne said they would n't be hanging about , that the time for action was now .
caren oxlaide 's son was one of those sent home for not wearing the regulation black leather shoes .
the joshua tree was the band 's take on americana in 1987 , and the element of the gig commemorating that record was accompanied by sometimes haunting images by u2 's long - time visual collaborator anton corbijn on a giant screen behind the band .
australia 's seemingly easier path to a possible final - avoiding south africa and new zealand en route - is reward for a courageous and skilful rearguard action .
mr kenny , who has waived his right to anonymity , contacted the officer who had investigated wright and said : ` ` i ' ve got another victim - me .
he had applied for residency in 2014 , but had been informed in december 2016 that ` ` he had four weeks to leave the country '' , police official jonas hysing said .
a missile was also reportedly fired at the yemeni government - controlled city of marib in central yemen .
the singer played the traditional sunday afternoon legends slot on the pyramid stage at glastonbury in june .
john baird netted his 18th of the season shortly after the break .
the 37-year - old , a podium regular in the grand tours , says rio 2016 will be one of his last competitions .
the boy , who was a rear passenger in the car , was taken to an east london hospital where he remains in a serious condition .
but blackberry faces the problem that its app store is still missing several of the big - name programs available for google 's operating system .
smith said it was better than winning gold at the london paralympics in 2012 .
2015 - charged with ordering 1990s murder of siberian mayor ; says he is considering asking for political asylum in the uk
they were one of only two sides to earn a point at ibrox in the league last season , and duffy insists they will make it ` ` as uncomfortable as possible '' . ''
the event included readings from burma veterans and a performance from the portsmouth military wives choir .
burnell 's disqualification was for two yellow cards - he was unclear why the first was shown , while the second followed a tussle with a rival swimmer .
saracens ' jacques burger has been given a one - week ban for bad sportsmanship .
substitute aiden o'brien fired over from long range as millwall closed the gap on the play - offs to four points .
the charity said online trolls caused misery and humiliation for thousands of children .
christine lacson abad , 27 , of cary , north carolina , was charged with arranging a child sex offence , attempting to groom a 15-year - old in wrexham and two more sex offences .
he also suggested that russia is unlikely to be the only country guilty of doping , saying that ` ` athletics has probably got some other nations to root out '' .
turkey has reacted with anger to the comment made by the pope at a service in rome earlier on sunday .
` ` the study will help us to learn how best to provide the preventative treatment to reduce risks of hiv transmission in wales and answer some of the questions raised by the awmsg around incidence rates , '' he said .
some 160 kilos of herbal cannabis was discovered , garda -lrb- irish police -rrb- said in a statement .
he also suffered lung damage following the swimming lesson .
he added that scotland and northern ireland were offered ` ` better deals '' .
starting in the late 18th century and running into the 19th century , the highland clearances saw townships occupied by generations of families cleared to make way for large - scale sheep farming and the rearing of deer .
many people from the republic of ireland and northern ireland , including relatives of somme veterans , have travelled to thiepval for the commemoration event .
in its summary , the bbc trust said there had been no breach of the impartiality guidelines .
the drug was approved for use in england in december last year , but a decision had to be made on whether it would be available on the welsh nhs .
the baby , known as a ` joey ' , brings the total number of the animals to 251 and was the first of its species to be born at the wildlife refuge for five years .
the reality is that companies are having to make contact with a customer whose habits are dictated not by tv but by the internet .
it has been added to the red list in a survey of the 244 regularly occurring birds in the uk .
the latest figures were collected during september and october 2015 with the rise in the region higher than the scottish average of 2 % .
davies could now face disciplinary action that could affect his chances of facing toulon in their rematch at parc y scarlets , llanelli on sunday .
the region under is control in iraq has nearly 1,800 of iraq 's 12,000 registered archaeological sites .
they are charged with attempted robbery , conspiracy to rob and possession of an offensive weapon .
earlier , glover and stanning made history by becoming the first british women to win an olympic gold medal for rowing .
but a department for transport spokesman said : ` ` the independent laidlaw inquiry published in december identified the unique and exceptional circumstances which led to failures in the west coast franchising programme and crucially what steps the department should take to prevent this from happening again .
` ` it 's about the embarrassment of getting relegated , '' newell added .
the wounded police officer was in a stable condition , police said .
they are now waiting to see whether dana will give birth to a second cub .
the former prime minister denies any wrongdoing and has called the investigation a ` ` witch hunt '' .
mr wheeldon told the high court in aberdeen he could see two men restraining mr grant on the ground outside tonik and stopped to speak to a bouncer .
santa cruz 's wba super world featherweight title will be on the line at the barclays centre in brooklyn .
the case has attracted attention due to social media and the high profile of the football team in the small town .
the plans will be presented to the heritage lottery fund at a later date to seek final approval for the full # 1.2 m grant .
jacob brentnall drove to manchester from his home in nottingham after midnight when he read about the bombing in the news and on social media .
the $ 14.6 bn deal includes discovery 's assumption of $ 2.7 bn in scripps debt .
three men were arrested outside the stadium in connection with assault .
hesmondhalgh said she was proud to have ` ` given a voice '' to rape victims in the eight - part crime serial .
the street parties were intended to bring people together while raising funds for local charities and community programmes .
after appearing to start well , derry lost their way badly in the contest as former brandywell players barry molloy and tony mcnamee impressed in the harps midfield .
officers are now urging anyone who saw the man to get in touch .
he is expected to appear at dundee sheriff court on monday .
pro - russian rebels also held military drills in eastern ukraine last week .
in an incredible chase of 351 to win the first one - day international , right - hander jadhav destroyed england with 120 from 76 balls .
police confirmed on sunday they were investigating the tweet , which contained offensive and racist language , and are treating it as a suspected hate crime .
a representative of the spanish embassy is invited to a civic service on the friday and a catholic mass is held on the saturday .
he shared his tips for young athletes with newsround .
mcqueen , 20 , came through southampton 's youth ranks and has played one first - team game - as a sub against sunderland in the fa cup in february 2014 .
on saturday , a 13-year - old boy suffered burns after his father , who was carrying him , slipped into another hot spring in the park .
but speaking at morton h meyerson symphony center in dallas on tuesday , mr obama urged the country not to despair .
previous studies have shown that people native to the italian island of sardinia are most genetically similar to the pioneer farmers of central europe .
` ` they told us they could get us access to other stakeholders ... the northern ireland executive , people in the republic , '' he said .
guardiola accepts city may have a confidence problem facing barca , given saturday 's 1 - 1 draw against everton in the premier league means they have gone three games without a win .
ospreys need a point in their final game to secure a play - off spot while ulster will have to beat leinster for any chance of making the final stages .
` ` other allegations of summary executions continue to come from all areas of the west and centre of the country , '' it said .
cazorla missed seven months of last season with a knee injury .
the local authority said richard ellis was leaving on friday at the end of his contract .
last year , in the worst shooting in recent us history , a man apparently inspired by so - called islamic state killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in orlando , florida .
irvine said the ` ` aches and pains '' were another factor in his decision to retire .
iridium is apparent in the geological layers around the globe that mark the dinosaur - killing event at the end of the cretaceous period , but to find it in the actual crater would be an exciting observation .
mr allenby , 43 , says he may have been drugged before he was taken from the bar on friday .
it is believed there are about 1,000 websites - or essay mills - which offer students a bespoke academic essay in return for a fee .
it was developed by the property company william ewart , which has been selling assets as part of an agreement with the cerberus investment fund .
tweeters have been using # notosocialmediabill to campaign against the proposal .
sullivan and gold bought a majority stake in west ham in 2010 in a deal that valued the club at # 105 m .
his tour of the 18 first - class counties has been organised by the professional cricketers ' association and the only payment lewis will receive is his travel expenses . ''
that compared with growth of 0.4 % in the first quarter of the year .
source : university of manchester
they had argued that the peak ` ` would be a wonderful gift to our sister nation '' to mark its independence from russia , and not a big loss to mountainous norway , which has much higher peaks .
but the 23-year - old has also encountered legal difficulties in brazil , where a court has frozen $ 47 m -lrb- # 33 m -rrb- of his assets in connection with suspected tax evasion between 2011 and 2013 .
in a related development , the irish national teachers ' organisation -lrb- into -rrb- has accused the department of education of ` ` attempts at bullying '' by writing to a catholic archbishop about the ongoing industrial action .
captain hogan , full - back smith and midfielder mafuta were all regulars for neil aspin 's team .
details of how to register to vote are available online .
he started the parklife set with solo , from last year 's blonde album , but stopped the song three times , at one point complaining about the chunky headphones he wore throughout the show .
under venezuela 's constitution , if president maduro were to be removed by a recall referendum in his last two years in office , he would be replaced by his vice - president , mr isturiz .
dr emma smith , from cancer research uk , said : ` ` this study brings us closer to getting a complete picture of the genetic changes at the heart of breast cancer and throws up intriguing clues about the key biological processes that go wrong in cells and drive the disease .
a security crackdown results in the death of several protestors .
the states is urging boat owners and visitors to respect jersey 's wildlife laws and the ` ` fragile environment '' .
but the new administration 's diplomatic initiative comes as questions are raised about the trump team 's dealings with russia dating back to last year 's election campaign .
sir william explained that it meant no - one was to fall below a certain standard of living .
russia is also set to decline - its share of the world 's graduates almost falling by half since the beginning of the century .
as well as being named as the women 's player of the year , edwards was presented with a silver cap to mark her 200th game as england captain against new zealand in february .
the act test was due to be held at 56 test centres in both south korea and hong kong on saturday morning .
the review of targets was announced by health secretary shona robison in june .
there are no official estimates of the number of illegal immigrants in the uk .
it is the first time that a non - premium brand has come first in the annual study by consultancy j.d .   power .
` ` when he asked me at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state , i was stunned . ''
murray was playing his 11th grand slam final and for the first time he was the favourite , having faced either novak djokovic or roger federer in the previous 10 finals .
in march , a related team sequenced the genome of the fungus that causes die - back .
the royal prerogative is just one of the arguments to be aired in the high court .
they also revealed that after the boat sank in the middle of the night , they swam for eight hours to the shore before seeing the lights of some fishermen and being rescued , their mother said .
miss portal said a manager at easyjet told her the airline overbooks its flights by up to five seats due to people often not showing up , and that it was the last people to check - in , not the last to buy their tickets , who were in danger of not getting a seat .
the christie hospital said in a statement : ` ` there will be no further comment or interviews . ''
many publications around the world said that 2014 marked ` ` india 's first social media elections '' .
ricardo santos -lrb- barnet -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
brazil added : ` ` at this moment in time , i ' m not aware of where the club is in terms of looking for a new manager .
the 31 lenders tested this year - which together account for roughly 80 % of the banking sector - were all deemed to have enough reserve cash to deal with a shock , but the fed found fault with santander and deutsche bank 's financial plans .
federici is the second goalkeeper signed by the cherries this week after artur boruc , joined from southampton on a one - year deal .
in a letter to an unnamed msp , the watchdog said the scottish government had the legal authority to make the grant .
but that plan will not include standing for election again .
the transocean winner rig ran aground at dalmore on lewis in a storm while being towed to the mediterranean .
bayer insists that its contraceptive pills are safe when taken correctly .
police said he is a person of interest in several cases and his warrant is for his failure to appear as directed in a summons .
the underlying idea is much the same as cutting interest rates in more normal times .
the deputy first minister , sinn fÃ © in 's martin mcguinness , tweeted : ` ` sorry to hear that william -lrb- plum -rrb- smith has died .
it is not just the super - rich that are doing well - those whose business is dealing with super - rich customers are profiting too .
it 's understood 29-year - old craig church died after falling down several flights of stairs in the apartment block where he lived in eastern china .
the match will be played at the sse arena in belfast on tuesday , 21 november 2017 and will see the giants play a colin shields all star select .
the new premier league season is due to begin on 12 august .
but further tests showed the leukaemia was still in her blood and doctors told her the best option was a stem cell transplant from a donor , which is needed in the next two months .
they were found in a workshop at the back of their garage .
having previously managed at falkirk , hibernian , hartlepool and livingston , he replaced terry butcher at the caledonian stadium .
there will be live text commentary on all scotland and ireland games in the initial group stage , and on all matches from the super 10 stage onwards .
the eis has queried the review panel 's independence and findings , although both uk sport and gb taekwondo say the review was carried out appropriately .
the life of ` mr nice ' howard marks
bouchalakis had been expected to sign a loan deal with forest .
mr manana has previously apologised for what he called a ` ` shameful incident '' .
mr santos has said recovering from the torrential rains and the damage they have caused is going to be very expensive , and that he is considering calling a national state of emergency if the rains continue .
full year pre - tax profit , which includes one - off charges such as legal costs , fell from # 202 m to # 145 m .
this is the part of the satellite that will do all of the ` ` housekeeping '' in space .
` ` i was just a bit bored at times , '' said kyrgios , when asked why he was not his usual vocal self against querrey .
world championship squad
police said the death is not being treated as suspicious and the coroner has been informed .
the 24-year - old joined the bantams on a three - year deal last summer after being released by blackburn and scored once in 16 appearances .
ian drake is british cycling 's chief executive officer , and here he gives his top tips for how you can get involved in the sport .
ms hamilton said that in the workshops , children were taught breathing exercises , and ` ` how to relax '' , including how to take time out from busy after - school activity regimes .
they offered mr pass free drugs in exchange for using his flat as a base .
speaking for the first time since his appointment at new york stadium , stubbs admitted it was a ` ` really difficult decision '' to leave hibs , but that moving to the championship in england was ` ` the next chapter '' for his career .
black residents in ferguson protested for several days last august after mr brown was shot dead by st louis police officer darren wilson .
the glasgow university study looked to evaluate the impact of the m74 extension on the number of road accidents on local roads during the construction period and following its opening .
the lorry was found by bedfordshire police at toddington services , on the m1 , in the afternoon .
they were arrested in october 2013 , but despite the charges being quashed , a police appeal has blocked their return .
he was wearing a black and white top and sunglasses .
outside the oil industry , the figures show the fall in the nigerian currency , the naira , has hurt the economy .
bishop geoffrey robinson told a national inquiry the church had failed to speak out strongly about the abuse .
-lrb- arsenal -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
the suspected firearm has been taken away for examination .
the scientists found that parts of the lower region of the debris - covered glacier have been shrinking because of loss of ice underneath .
ant & dec - whose full names are anthony mcpartlin and declan donnelly - have hosted saturday night takeaway on itv since 2002 , although the show took a four - year break from 2009 .
lisanne beck , 47 , allegedly performed a sex act on simon murphy , 48 , during a paloma faith set in september .
as a club we move on and he 's a very good player , '' pulis said after the game .
he was also charged with four counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon by a public official , in relation to the other four teenagers , including two of the victim 's brothers , who were in the car .
swansea were promoted to the premier league in 2011 and quickly established a reputation as a well - run club with a team that played exciting , possession - based football .
the centre - back , who played 101 games for the club during his first spell , has left stevenage and signed a contract until the end of the 2016 - 17 season .
the teenager was punched from behind and stamped on as he lay on the ground , suffering facial injuries , including an injury to his eye .
a blaring horn then alerted them to a car upside down in a dyke where they could see a man struggling inside , said mr fryer .
` ` they 're falling short of the standards that they 're capable of , and they have done since the fa cup tie .
l / cpl james brynin , who served with the 14th signal regiment -lrb- electronic warfare -rrb- , was shot while on patrol in helmand province on 15 october .
otto warmbier was returned by north korea to the us last week , more than a year after he had been sentenced to 15 years ' hard labour .
the shows are also criticised , like the slew of entertainment programmes aired during ramadan , for being a distraction from spiritual dedication during the holy month .
the team event was won by usa , with europe second and great britain third .
she grew up in a big provincial family and allegedly asked for loans from friends and family repeatedly .
burgess ' time in union only lasted a year , but chorley - born charnley is hoping he can take to the game more naturally .
wiggins is joined by dylan van baarle as former tour of britain winners in the field .
the big bash competition starts in december and ingram 's participation will not clash with glamorgan commitments .
` ` we have to improve that if we are to have a shot at winning the title . ''
donated by a fan to the son of her original creator , the lady penelope puppet boasts a head made of fibre glass - like the original - and real human hair .
the point of the nato air campaign in libya last year was to protect civilians , so how many innocent people died is still a sensitive issue , bbc diplomatic correspondent bridget kendall reports .
manchester united trainee rothwell , 21 , has penned a two - year deal .
however they will refer cases to powys if they believe parts of the estate agents act have been breached .
nhs managers have proposed a temporary downgrade of the hospital 's maternity and paediatric services to cope with staffing shortages .
nearly 400 horsa gliders were involved in the operation , in march 1945 .
the car had been hit by the bedford to bletchley london midland service .
as such , the fa welcomes uk anti - doping 's decision to immediately launch an independent review into the matters raised by the sunday times .
fans on message boards suggested that clicking on the link within the scam email could infect computers with a virus and leave them out of pocket .
united trail kilmarnock by five points with six games left for play in the quest to remain in the premiership .
back in south africa , the business community is already complaining about the number of public holidays and so would not take kindly to the idea of appeasing minority groups by having any more religious holidays .
the ticket is being auctioned by bonhams on 3 july .
` ` it started probably at the magic weekend with a bit of a rusty win over catalans .
the orchard visitors made a blistering start , surging to a 2 - 3 to 0 - 1 lead with rowland firing in the second goal .
second half ends , dagenham and redbridge 2 , bromley 1 .
more than 300 oil workers were airlifted from the norwegian sector of the north sea after the high winds broke the barge 's anchor .
death from overwork is relatively common in japan , where it has its own word : karoshi .
last week they took part in collections in swansea and bridgend .
st mary 's magherafelt and st paul 's bessbrook must replay their semi - final .
turner rode two group one winners at the highest level in britain during her career , but suffered a number of injuries .
at the turn of the century when jon stewart , newly - installed host , dubbed his show 's us presidential election coverage ` ` indecision 2000 '' few knew how apt the name would become .
i still suspect part of the england hierarchy will want him to stay on for next winter 's ashes series , but it might also be that the likes of strauss and the rest of the management team feel they have to draw the line now .
the police officer added that the 16 petrol bombs had been stashed in colinview street ` ` to be thrown at officers again '' .
security consultant paul moore examined the publicly available information of the uk 's six biggest isps .
it 's a question that occupies the mind of every united fan .
ross ulbricht , who set up the original silk road , was sentenced in may 2015 to life in prison on several charges including distributing drugs .
hull - who won promotion back to the top flight in may - open the premier league season by hosting champions leicester on saturday , 13 august .
the eu has clarified the way the uk can kick start formal negotiations to exit the bloc following thursday 's referendum .
of the 20 people found in the back of the lorry , 16 have been returned to albania .
it means the premiership 's top three sides have been handed home ties in the quarter - finals to be played over the weekend of 4/5 march .
but their signatures alone will not be enough to make the paris agreement operational .
the taliban issued a statement saying it had released the 110 police officers , their local commander and the head of the local border police after making an agreement .
in an interview with the financial times , the former peer said : ` ` i ' ve taken a leave of absence from the lords and am just a non - party social democrat now but i want to help save our country from a tory government cringing to ukip . ''
education minister peter weir praised the staff 's ` ` swift response '' to the ` ` traumatic situation '' .
the 30-year - old aims to break the welsh record , which she currently holds , at cardiff international sports stadium .
academies enterprise trust -lrb- aet -rrb- said it intended to merge it with ryde academy to make ` ` one great school '' .
the 31-year - old has an ` ` outside chance '' of being fit to face italy in rome on 11 february , according to schmidt .
ipswich town 3 , wigan athletic 0 .
defence lawyer martin black told the court ` ` he did n't think he had to be '' when asked why his client was not present .
campaigners have long called for a national defence medal , awarded by the queen , for everyone who serves in britain 's armed forces .
in a statement , the families of the couple said they were ` ` completely devastated '' .
a tenet of islam bans the portrayal of its founder , the prophet muhammad .
chinese grand prix second practice results
he died in glasgow royal infirmary .
` ` a review of charges in relation to the two men in custody will now take place . ''
but it now says that official advice means it had ` ` no alternative but to postpone the tour '' .
the injured eight - year - old was taken to raigmore hospital in inverness .
in a country famous for its entrepreneurial culture , lido beach 's popularity has attracted a range of new business ventures - the most visible being the stalls renting out bright red life jackets to the many less confident swimmers .
public health wales backed the new law and said the restrictions were a ` ` very important development in improving health in wales '' .
` ` this was a nasty and extremely dangerous thing to do , and i urge anyone who recognises the men in the cctv images to contact me as soon as possible . ''
pc keith burgess , 41 , who was based at southampton central police station , also faces three counts of misconduct in public office .
the liaison committee , made up of the chairs of individual parliamentary committees , is best known for questioning the prime minister of the day two or three times a year .
the mercian regiment said private derby xxxi was officially selected by the duke of devonshire from his flock at the chatsworth estate , derbyshire .
its analysis of the european choice was that ` ` it is difficult to imagine that it would help improve scotland 's competitive position to our trade with the eu '' .
` ` she was absolutely thrilled to meet her great icon , and it was such a lovely surprise to see george greet her with flowers and a card . ''
the three officers then faced further criticism over evidence they gave to mps before the home affairs select committee in october 2013 .
angelo fusco , 81 , has been a keen observer of italy 's games against the republic of ireland and northern ireland for decades , and can boast connections linking all three .
mike fox , from shareholder royal london asset management , was n't impressed with friday 's board changes either : ` ` the installation of mike ashley as chief executive , consolidating his influence at the top of the business , is unlikely to reassure anyone . ''
the game gives britain their first point of the tournament but they are bottom of group a after three games .
there were another 21 liberal democrat mps who kept their pledge to vote against the fee increase .
the oft has enabled online agents to discount the hotel 's room price , to promote more competitive pricing .
mr mcilwaine had previously described it as a ` ` privilege '' to lead searches for the disappeared and said their success had far outstripped predictions at the start of the process .
a report by the auditor general said that in 2014 , nrw entered into an agreement with a sawmill operator for eight connected timber sales contracts , in a bid to try to halt the spread of a disease .
he cites the example of uruguay , the first country to legalise the marijuana trade .
southern water said the pipe burst in chestnut avenue had affected homes in the so53 and so16 postcodes leaving them with no water or low pressure .
everton have no need to sell , but the possibility is growing that stones will leave before the start of the new premier league season .
the 50-year - old also says he has made a conscious effort to present the atp finals in a different way to other london tournaments , wimbledon and the aegon at queen 's -lrb- where he used to be tournament director -rrb- .
under current rules , staff are only allowed to look after a specified number of children :
` ` rather startlingly , we found the bone from the bisphosphonate patients was weaker .
griffiths feels he can cope with such pressure despite admitting to nerves as he looks to score his first international goal .
since the court legalised gay marriage nationwide two months ago , ms davis has refused to issue any marriage licences to anyone .
durham tees valley chief executive steve gill said it was a ` ` real shot in the arm for the airport '' and good news for the business community .
but christopher scholefield , from save jersey 's heritage , said plans to demolish the art deco terminal would be a loss to the island .
the scottish government has set a target of doubling the amount of land in community ownership from the current 500,000 acres to one million acres by 2020 .
children 's commissioner tam baillie said : ` ` i am disturbed that we do not yet collect police figures on children who are the subject of sexual exploitation .
hartlepool are one place above the relegation zone having lost three of their past four league matches .
eeyore just would n't countenance it .
he said this was in response to the attack on the us diplomat on 6 june .
the figures from the home office come after the welsh local government association said syrian refugees were expected to have been housed in all council areas across wales by the end of 2016 .
italian police have hailed the assets seizure as a defining moment in its war against criminal networks .
he is answering his critics on the pitch . ''
rail services were suspended as teams worked to clear the lines of snow and schools were forced to close their doors .
england , meanwhile , miss out on the final for the first time since 2010 .
the experiment of having a day - night test in the united arab emirates looks to have failed after a lacklustre turnout across the five days .
five people were on the training aircraft when it was forced to land on yr aran in snowdonia on 9 august .
since last year , the us has been part of an international coalition conducting an air strike campaign against islamic state , which took over large swathes of syria and iraq in a lightning offensive .
google 's aim is to provide connectivity to the around four billion people in the world who do not have access to the internet , particularly those in difficult - to - reach rural areas .
alliance mla stewart dickson said the decision by united airlines to halt its belfast to newark route is a serious blow to northern ireland , in economic and social terms .
after a short break all the flight 73 crew returned to pan am for at least a few years .
the marines were guarding an italian oil tanker when they opened fire , killing two men off the kerala coast .
the so - called tampon tax is a sales tax on feminine hygiene products which are used to absorb menstrual blood .
bromley 1 , torquay united 0 .
brechin city moved above alloa athletic and to within a point of second place by beating stranraer , with the wasps drawing with queen 's park .
` ` paul lambert has obviously come in with a plan .
pembrokeshire - born actor christian bale has also been nominated for an oscar in the best supporting actor category for his role the big short .
the council has not responded to requests for a comment .
fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of the shark .
the court heard mr baines had been out for the day at market rasen races before returning to gainsborough and visiting pubs in the town .
it was the first time northern ireland had qualified for a major tournament since 1958 .
the row was triggered by president martelly 's reaction to a woman at a campaign rally in the port city of miragoane on 29 july .
the young girl was injured by the drug patrol dog in belmarsh prison , woolwich , on 31 march .
group leader andrew rt davies told journalists on tuesday he had ` ` spoken to '' each of the members who were ` ` all signed up to the group position '' .
the father of one serving soldier issued with the equipment got in touch with the bbc to complain .
of the uk 's individual nations , england 's population grew the most quickly during the year , growing by 450,800 people -lrb- 0.84 % -rrb- .
the council said that a first run of postal ballot papers - sent out to more than 5,450 homes - had been printed successfully with the full list of candidates .
` ` i absolutely believe the uk will be hit in the economy and the pound very hard . ''
more than 70,000 fans at old trafford and millions of television viewers saw the player hit hohaia , who lay motionless on the ground just two minutes into the match .
after opposition from muslim groups , a series of hindu practices were dropped from the first world yoga day events in india .
paedophile hunting groups have drawn criticism from both the home office and police , who have said it was inappropriate for the public to conduct undercover work .
` ` i know professionals do n't like this phrase , but across wales older people in care homes , through the inappropriate use of these drugs , are being ` chemically coshed ' .
the 32-year - old , with only three previous first - class half - centuries to his name , put on an unbroken 165 with leaning as the pair seemingly batted a lancashire attack minus the injured jimmy anderson out of the game .
but the former captain of the nigerian side says offering national team players good welfare packages like those available to professional footballers is important too .
a statement from the western trust said : ` ` smoke was reported coming from a ` bed pan washer ' in ward 5 at altnagelvin hospital this morning .
the sunni clerics are believed to have been in trying to negotiate the release of lebanese security personnel held by jihadist militants based in syria .
other bidders are just being blown out of the water by chinese money .
in september the 20-year - old opted to play for england over the republic of ireland and has been awaiting clearance from fifa .
the abuse took place while the boys were living at belmont house , in baker street , stockport , greater manchester , in about 1989 and 1990 .
mr geller , a friend of prince michael , himself donated a spoon once owned by winston churchill .
england needed to avoid defeat against japan to be sure of reaching the last eight .
` ` the chinawhite area is not located on land managed by henley royal regatta but we will continue to assist thames valley police and are working with them to secure cctv footage to assist in identifying the perpetrators . ''
the ftse 250 index closed 112 points , or 0.6 % , higher at 19,520 .
judge iqbal hameed ur rehman , one of three set to hear the appeal , recused himself from the case on thursday .
the gambia recently scrapped its four - day working week , which had been designed to allow people more flexibility on fridays .
he was then interviewed and deported that night .
it is alleged ms mirza sent the extremist material , including a picture of a man holding two severed heads , to encourage terror attacks .
` ` these trains are desperately over - crowded and the conductors are the eyes and ears preventing a major tragedy on the platforms and carriages , '' he said .
the sun apologised ` ` for the offence caused '' and added that it was ` ` unaware of barkley 's heritage '' .
another positive from the world cup has been the boost to crowds in the wsl .
but this is far from the truth .
the teenagers , who have not been named , were bailed while police carried out further inquiries .
recycled waste netted the council # 537,000 in revenue in 2015/16 , but this represented a drop of 45 % in the expected income - more than # 400,000 in lost cash .
he helped the catalans , who are five - time european champions , win the champions league in 2009 and 2011 .
the romanian diners , who had paid a deposit of â ‚ ¬ 900 -lrb- $ 950 ; Â # 770 -rrb- , left the el carmen restaurant in bembibre as dessert was due to be served , antonio rodriguez said .
` ` elsewhere within the warning area these showers will be turning increasingly wintry , with the main snow level down to between 100 and 200 m by the end of the night .
it was concluded that the breaches did not have a significant impact on the outcome of the supergrass trial in 2012 .
st helens ' win on saturday has been overshadowed by the incident and that is wrong . ''
analysis had shown that wikipedia ` ` does not have enough detailed and reliable information about russian regions and the life of the country '' , it said .
ch supt george clarke said women , as well as men , are being deceived into performing sex acts online , which are recorded and later used to try to blackmail them .
` ` it was a joy to watch the team , '' said rodgers .
mr paksas complained that the rule had been passed deliberately to bar him from office .
most women in japan end up taking their husband 's surname , a practice set to continue after wednesday 's ruling .
qualcomm also said it may break itself up .
the man , 40 , was arrested on suspicion of breaking laws protecting endangered species and bailed until september .
london fire brigade said it was called to the arena on millennium way , greenwich , at about 11:15 bst .
the pedestrian died following an incident involving a green car in the diamond area on sunday afternoon .
` ` we have to either come up with a number of solutions , one of which might be the public purse begins to fund the full investment in higher education that is needed , either fees or we have to get back to public funding . ''
boaty mcboatface is 25,000 votes ahead of the second place suggestion , rrs henry worsley .
lukas jutkiewicz -lrb- birmingham city -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
` ` since the wave of demonstrations began in april , there has been a clear pattern of excessive force used against protesters .
the nobel prize for literature will be awarded on thursday .
the electoral commission and the bbc agreed that to qualify for an election broadcast a party has to stand a minimum of 12 candidates in at least six constituencies
a bbc radio berkshire reporter saw the ` pin ' and posted an image on a bbc facebook page .
the report calls for it to be adopted by national curricula .
but material claimed to be from such creatures have never been subjected to modern scientific techniques .
however , those with units at the site say they are worried not enough is being done .
england squad in full :
marko pjaca -lrb- juventus -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner .
ministers announced last year that right - to - buy , previously abolished for new tenants , was to end altogether .
` ` they 're not having a break at the end of a strenuous super rugby season , '' solomons told bbc scotland .
people with a dna variation in a gene called pdss2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee , a study carried out at the university of edinburgh has found .
water poured through from a rooftop room , leaving the top floor under three inches of water and stock ` ` significantly '' damaged .
somerset remain fourth in the table , with lancashire eight points behind them in fifth place .
the burnt - out bus has been removed .
the experienced pilot - who has served with the raf for 30 years and completed 5,500 flying hours - had been using his camera to photograph other aircraft from the cockpit and had taken 95 shots that day .
roslyn condie , of mossdale , near castle douglas , admitted being the owner of a dog which was dangerously out of control last september .
tabled by labour peer lord falconer , the legislation would make it legal for adults in england and wales to be given assistance ending their own life .
the futures of aston and coventry stations were discussed by west midlands fire and rescue authority .
nicole clark used her mother avril stewart 's bank details to set up online accounts .
however , o'neill 's men were unable to make the breakthrough and were hit by norway 's opening goal in the 44th minute .
the coalition built the case for reforming the way the welsh assembly is funded , secured primary law - making powers and passed legislation to protect the welsh language - all key aims of plaid cymru .
china expects economic growth this year to be 7.5 % - which would be the slowest rate in 23 years for the country .
for the first time at the world championships , ` coaches medals ' will also be handed out to recognise those who prepare athletes .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- has had to halt deliveries to the red sea port of hudaydah .
wawrinka , 30 , brought an end to djokovic 's 28-match winning streak as he claimed his second grand slam title .
rates of sexually transmitted infections as a group also went down slightly , totalling 434,456 .
she then buried the bodies in the garden of her parents ' home and at her own home nearby in villers - au - tertre .
when questioned about weekend staffing during the hearing , the trust 's dr sadasivam loganathan agreed it was ` ` a major concern '' .
online , art by harry potter fans depicting hermione as black or non - white has been circulating on sites like tumblr for a while .
some passengers were kept on planes for two hours , but wind speeds eventually dropped , allowing them to disembark .
meanwhile , striker ryan bird has joined from newport , signing a one - year deal with an option of a further year .
the lions , who saw captain sam warburton hobble off with 13 minutes left , defended heroically at times , but must now regroup for a final throw of the dice in sydney .
the money is on top of # 58 m already allocated for 2014 - 15 to a sector which covers more than 230,000 homes .
ultimately the jury agreed and morgan was found guilty of murder .
in 2014 , scores of people were killed when a church hostel belonging to a nigerian tv evangelist collapsed in the city of lagos .
a 25-year - old man is expected to appear at kirkcaldy sheriff court court on monday .
since making his debut for middlesex in june 2009 , simpson has made almost 250 appearances in all formats .
the report also found that the former justice minister alan shatter had handled the sergeant 's complaints in an ` ` appropriate manner . ''
` ` a hideous crime was committed , but was it a freedom of speech issue for pen america to be self - righteous about ? ''
but mccann expects much better in the upcoming league cup matches against cowdenbeath and dundee united , with the dens men starting their premiership campaign at home to ross county on 5 august .
the much - travelled and vastly - experienced camara has previously played for french outfits rennes and sochaux , greek club paok and spanish side mallorca .
meanwhile , midfielder shep murombedzi has agreed a new one - year deal with the national league side .
gatland , who on wednesday named his side to face the provincial barbarians in the tour opener on saturday , says each of his 41-man squad is in contention to face the all blacks .
the two new countries also became independent .
` ` this is an alarming incident which only highlights why the scottish government should implement the licensing of airguns as a matter of urgency . ''
what is your reaction to the march against xenophobia ?
pc silver agreed there was a ` ` lack of urgency '' surrounding the letters because of an assumption williams would remain in prison due to a pending court case , which later collapsed .
pieces from the board game , which has n't been played for 1,500 years , have been found in qingzhou city in china .
the 23-year - old needed 6,200 points for olympic qualification and achieved it with ease in austria .
west indies had lost all of their eight previous t20 internationals against australia and in their first final they made a nervous start bowling at the iconic eden gardens .
martin key , british cycling 's campaigns manager , said six months for ` ` causing the death of a human being is a punishment that many would agree certainly does not fit the crime '' .
volkswagen 's chief executive apologised after the scandal emerged .
recently launched to the industry , paul denney , from the company , said as far as they know the new liquids are ` ` the most environmentally friendly falling snow products in the world '' .
mr phillips , a highlands - based whale and dolphin conservation field officer who monitors the moray firth 's resident population of bottlenose dolphins , said : ` ` it 's not completely understood why some bottlenose dolphins attack harbour porpoise like this .
exports fell 2.1 % compared with october , german 's federal statistical office reported , while imports rose 1.5 % .
the trial at mold crown court has heard the attack was the result of a turf war which had erupted between two rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade in the rhyl area .
as the final edition went to the printers , the daily beast confirmed it would be making many of its editorial staff redundant .
during the 2013/14 season , coventry played their matches at northampton town 's sixfields stadium .
there will also be a separate vote by mps in the autumn on whether to permit an increase in tuition fees above # 9,000 .
a british liberal democrat mep , catherine bearder , says the eu must ` ` stop malta from breaking eu rules , by systematically failing to apply the derogation correctly '' .
all the recordings are bursting with vibrancy and life , according to julia hoffbrand who is the curator at the museum of london who helped restore the recordings .
last month , it said prices rose by 4.5 % in 2015 , less than half the halifax estimate .
now after being restored , sir andrew is trying to find out how it ended up in durham .
nottingham , who finished fifth in the table and beat cardiff to win the challenge cup in march , got past belfast in the play - off quarter - finals .
protesters have been gathered since 25-year - old jamar clark was shot during a struggle with police on 15 november .
in a brief statement , south yorkshire police said : ` ` the chief constable 's contract runs until november .
kevin keegan 's management career both started and ended at newcastle united , with stints as england , fulham and manchester city boss wedged in between .
thomas george , a former ` ` toshao '' or village chief of moco - moco , says the lack of jobs drives ` ` young brain - boxes '' to the city , diminishing the community 's strength .
` ` there has been a highly significant arrest involving drugs with evidence that the four defendants have played a part in a joint venture to conspire to bring drugs into this jurisdiction , '' the judge said .
` ` i certainly expect it will cost us a five - figure sum , running into six . ''
he also completed 43 marathons in 51 days across the uk for sport relief in 2009 , raising over Â # 1.8 m in the process .
they imposed their rules : anybody who defied them , anyone who was suspected of talking to journalists or tv channels was immediately taken off to be killed .
sao paulo newspaper folha quoted attorney - general janot as saying that the kickback scheme ` ` could never have functioned for so many years and in such a broad and aggressive form under the federal government without the participation of ex - president luiz inacio lula da silva '' .
mr cameron , he said , became ` ` distracted by a range of other things '' .
the uk power network said it had been working to restore power to homes and about 400 homes were still without power at about 21:00 bst on friday .
mr krebs says he opened the front door to find a squad of policemen pointing a battery of guns at him .
the female was found in the llandovery area last month , struggling with a fever and dehydration .
` ` i think smoking is terrible and should be banned as it is dangerous not just to the smoker but to everyone surrounding them . ''
prof david bell of the university of stirling said : ` ` the fall in the price of oil had a really pretty bad consequence for the north - east , which spread out across the rest of scotland .
ti , an anti - corruption watchdog , said the new measure would ` ` raise the impunity of government officials '' .
` ` the first minister should rule out forcing another independence referendum on the people of scotland altogether , not just for the next twelve months . ''
her album , which was released in 2014 , came out too late to be eligible for last year 's awards so was finally recognised at this year 's ceremony .
wilder is currently on a one - year rolling contract with the league two side .
along with other gulf arab states , saudi arabia has no wish to see yemen collapse and has poured millions of dollars into the country .
jennifer morgan is the global director of the climate change programme at the world resources institute .
more on a dad 's desperate search for a cup , and other stories
of the 170 people found to be involved in online modelling , 29 were warned that they were subject to criminal investigation , the prosecutor added .
tabl y tour de france wedi dau gymal
another whale - watching boat operated by the same company capsized in 1998 , killing two people , including the boat operator and a tourist from germany .
a 29-year - old woman from clacton , who was arrested on suspicion of murder , has been released without charge .
the 54-year - old was convicted of two counts of common assault against the boys , aged 14 and 15 , in a food store in north london , in october 2014 .
` ` sean shows a great maturity with the bat and understands his game well , '' kent 's high performance director simon willis told the club website .
she also set up the joyce banda foundation , a charity that assists malawian children and orphans through education - she has a degree in early childhood education .
on tuesday , the vatican said in a statement that pope francis granted ` ` conditional freedom '' to mgr angelo lucio vallejo balda .
but speaking to the san francisco chronicle , a spokeswoman for the tax office said everything had been above board .
` ` you always have to keep the goal there to get back in the england side .
protesters objecting to both fracking and gas exploration had held a permanent vigil at the quarry .
he denied starting the engine of his car and reversing while the driver 's door was still open , failing to keep control of the car and , while it was reversing , causing it to hit the renault clio eilish was filling up with petrol .
ex - leeds prop bailey , 31 , joined after the start of the season and made 15 appearances for wire .
` ` it is my professional belief that ben needham died as a result of an accident near to the farmhouse in iraklis where he was last seen playing . ''
the russian , who had been on the cycle superhighway 2 -lrb- cs2 -rrb- just before the collision , was the fourth of five cyclists to die in london in nine days .
the treatment , called epidiolex , is based on one of the non - psychoactive components of the cannabis plant , cbd .
this included not promoting ` ` mutual respect and tolerance of those with different faiths and beliefs '' .
since his disappearance was announced , donations on the page have risen to over # 12,500 - more than 4,000 % of the target .
the animal was taken from lathom pets and aquatics in ormskirk on tuesday afternoon , lancashire police said .
the tweets are worlds away from the mood music in russia 's mainstream media , which echoes the kremlin 's belligerent rhetoric towards the west .
` ` since 2010 the number of in - patient mother and baby units which specialise in caring for women during the perinatal period has almost doubled and we have trained more than 600 perinatal mental health visitor champions . ''
naughton came through the academy at bradford , and spent a year at sydney roosters before joining hull in 2015 .
` ` everybody is pulling together in the right direction - it 's a good changing room and if we can add two or three more i 'll be very happy . ''
the afp news agency reports that an overnight curfew was imposed on the eve of the election to prevent any violence .
malala has recovered and continues to campaign for education - but there are still people back home in pakistan who are n't happy about that .
about 50 environment agency flood warnings - meaning ` ` immediate action required '' - are currently in place .
the by - election was called following the resignation of corri wilson , who was elected as snp mp for ayr , carrick and cumnock earlier this year .
in the second half , matt robinson threaded a through - pass to whitely , who controlled and dispatched under ryan clarke with the confidence of a striker - a goal that ended an impressive 10-match unbeaten run for the hosts .
the book was written in 1940 , in the early stages of the war , and she does n't even refer to them as nazis .
ibori , once seen as one of nigeria 's wealthiest and most influential politicians , was arrested in 2010 in dubai and then extradited to london .
mckenzie is the son of former british and european champion clinton and is trained by his uncle , former three - time world champion duke mckenzie .
the liberal democrats ' deputy leader , malcolm bruce , said the budget for free schools was ` ` completely out of control '' and accused the education secretary of being ` ` monetarily obsessed '' .
the uk border agency is now working through a group of potential over - stayers to identify those who have not left .
that this year has been significant at a diplomatic level is in little doubt .
however , gordon richardson - vice chair of the bristol equality forum - said he thought that was ` ` totally unacceptable today '' .
sussex batsman matt machan :
he said : ` ` this is a project to be welcomed , changing dilapidated and neglected closes into useful routes linking different parts of the old town .
however , it appealed against an attempt to access police documents .
no - germany has a long and complicated history of population movement .
previous suggestions for the site , which is in the heart of the city and adjacent to gloucester docks , have included housing , a museum and a hotel complex .
fire crews in south wales have dealt with 623 deliberately - set grass fires since 1 april .
the local authority said it was putting together a planning application for a one million sq ft -lrb- 93,000 sq m -rrb- development at the site .
the bgs said ripon lies in one of the most susceptible areas of the uk for sinkholes because of its ` ` permian gypsum deposits '' .
ms purvis told the bbc that had had no influence on her decision to step down .
mr hollande , whose party was beaten by the far right in last week 's european parliament election , said the eu had become too complex and remote .
the researchers were able to design a device that blends the safety of near - field waves with the reach of far - field waves .
a hospital investigation has admitted failings in the run - up to kayden 's death , and senior staff have apologised to the family .
the fifth came early in the second half , watson coming round the corner of a scrum and blasting his way over .
but once the votes are counted , what can residents expect to pay in council tax ?
voters were initially turned away from all 155 polling stations in the borough because their names were missing from the poll list .
he 's been first class for all the players this season . ''
a statement issued by abu dhabi 's burjeel hospital said a multi - disciplinary team of 20 doctors is treating ms abd el aty .
there is an abundance of oceanic white tip sharks - carcharhinus longimanus - in the red sea .
irish police do not believe the murder of mr ryan , a dissident republican , is connected to the murder of david byrne at a boxing weigh - in at a dublin hotel last month .
` ` so whilst the current council tax has many deficiencies , change and reform is a major undertaking . ''
gareth richards , a dairy farmer from abergwili in carmarthen whose farm has been hit three times by bovine tb , described the government 's efforts to eradicate the disease as ` ` basically terrible '' .
cuadrilla , the firm behind the tests , said drilling had been suspended as a precaution after the 1.5 magnitude tremor - the second in two months .
` ` detectives from the uk who are currently in thailand reviewing the investigation into the murders of hannah witheridge and david miller have completed their work , as far as possible , '' the met police said in a statement .
the rape allegation against say was dismissed by a detective sergeant based at southwark , who said the circumstances did not constitute rape because the woman ` ` consented '' .
the 140-year - old structure was almost completely destroyed by fire in october 2010 .
meanwhile , 35-year - old goalkeeper phil smith , who was the shots ' first - choice stopper for 2014 - 15 , has agreed a new one - year contract with the club .
but that does not mean that the findings of the british social attitudes survey are not important .
progress at the scene has been ` ` slow due to the weather conditions '' , suffolk fire and rescue service said .
the 29-year - old limped off after just seven minutes of the 2 - 0 win over leicester city on sunday .
the ethnic violence sparked off in 1994 made burundi the scene of one of africa 's most intractable conflicts .
ms gray , who is leading the protest at the council 's social services offices , said the scale of the abuse in care homes in calderdale over that period of time was ` ` rampant '' .
doctors , who held the vote after discussing the plans at a meeting on monday , said the recent decision to withdraw consultant - led obstetric and gynaecology services at the hospital for 18 months has left them feeling demeaned .
several companies including apple , amazon and starbucks are under investigation by the european commission over allegations of tax avoidance .
` ` it is nice to be back running pbs over all distances and i am ready to race the trials now . ''
the appeal will be shown on crimewatch later on bbc one at 21:00 bst .
the survey found more than 60 % of scottish firms believe brexit would have a ` ` negative impact '' on them .
the welsh government said its waiting times for mental health assessment and treatment were are already more stringent than those in england .
` ` the five of them were just lying in a row behind the mother , who was injured as well .
the sovereign 's parade at the military academy in surrey formally marks the senior cadets ' completion of their commissioning course , and the prince of wales was representing the queen at the event for a fourth time .
media playback is not supported on this device
a point against the dutch side could keep celtic in the hunt if group a rivals fenerbahce fail to beat molde in norway , but deila feels his team must keep their fate in their own hands .
but rowe scored in the last seconds of the first half to give doncaster something to work with after the break .
you might think that such an unusual massage would struggle to be successfully exported from russia , but the co - founder of the first banya in london says that two years after opening , almost half of its customers are non - russians .
his move from castleford tigers has attracted controversy off - the - field , but on it , his hat - trick took his try tally to seven in his first five matches - a new premiership record .
the 22-year - old won the bbc 's women 's footballer of the year award in 2015 before joining arsenal from liverpool .
from about 800,000 years ago , their brain size increased further , helping them to survive in a changing world .
the barrister turned politician led the home office at the time of the poll tax riots and the strangeways prison disturbances in the spring of 1990 .
` ` we urgently need to see the whole system properly funded and joined up to ensure children and young people receive the support they need , when they need it , '' said roy perry , chairman of the local government association 's children and young people 's board .
he ended last season on loan at forest green and is the second gibraltar international to represent torquay , after goalkeeper jamie robba .
pcso gareth helliwell said : ` ` the five - year - old girl involved in this incident needed reconstructive surgery to an eyelid following this attack and has suffered potentially irreparable damage to her lower tear duct . ''
so you do have to do something outrageous to stand out .
coal prices are at near nine - year lows because of slowing demand from china and the global move towards cleaner sources of fuel .
` ` when we lost that second goal from a set - play it did give blackpool a sense of belief - but we have a number of different qualities to win football matches and that was proven today . ''
so what are the main differences between the macron and le pen visions ?
now in its 36th year , the great north run will have more countries represented in a single running event in history .
there are more than 3,100 mcdonald 's outlets in japan .
england 's waites , a two - time winner , was seeded sixth for this year 's tournament at the lakeside .
they will be asked for their views on a range of healthcare issues , including gp services and dentistry .
the ruling means that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low - income individuals can continue .
parking enforcement in northern ireland was privatised in 2006 .
the percentage of americans lacking health insurance fell to 15.7 % from 16.3 % , the report also said .
sidwell , who had spells at reading , chelsea , aston villa and fulham before joining stoke in the summer of 2014 , becomes brighton 's fourth signing of the january transfer window .
in 2014 , a pair of queen victoria 's silk bloomers sold at auction in kent for Â # 6,200 .
the force said the mother and child were found in the early hours of wednesday .
the 28-year - old was a regular for the managerless latics last season , but was one of seven players to be let go by the league one club in may .
ashes holders england can no longer win the series , but they could secure an unlikely draw by winning all three t20s .
one positive of saturday 's loss was the continuation of the leeds rhinos man 's terrific scoring record , crossing for his 29th international try in 29 games .
ski - scotland said the late start had a ` ` significant impact '' , but added that it was still pleased with the contribution the industry made to the economy .
first prize winners of the bp portrait award are invited to create a portrait of a public figure who has made an important contribution to british history and culture .
according to officials and participants at the cites meeting , the admission from china followed the presentation of a report which gave details of how the chinese government had allowed commercial trade in skins from captive tigers .
the e3 harelbeke , which is on 27 march this year , starts and finishes in harelbeke and covers 210kms of the flanders region .
he says he is still some way from being able to compete in f1 because of the restricted movement of his arm and fingers .
but more than half the increase in arrests was of immigrants who had committed no crime other than being in the us without permission .
eisner 's offer of # 5.67 m for portsmouth plus an additional investment of # 10 m in equity will be voted on by club shareholders and members of the pompey supporters ' trust -lrb- pst -rrb- , who currently own 48 % .
` ` he has started to also score in training , and that is good news because also , in the training , he did n't score so well . ''
the ride , which has been closed since the accident , is to reopen on 19 march when the staffordshire theme park reopens for its new season .
the midfielder , who had been relegated to the sidelines after a bout of tonsillitis and an ankle injury , could return to the team as garde looks to make changes after sunday 's 6 - 0 home defeat by liverpool .
mr bhana said mair 's conviction would ` ` close a sad chapter '' in the lives of those affected by mrs cox 's death .
` ` imposing the restriction would punish responsible dog owners , '' it said .
the tribunal , and indeed the murders , had preceded mr shatter 's tenure as justice minister by many years , but he was still caught up in controversy .
essex slumped to 134 - 6 in the 28th over , with leg - spinner josh poysden claiming 3 - 46 , and it was jeetan patel -lrb- 3 - 32 -rrb- who ended the game by having ten doeschate lbw after he reached a run - a - ball half - century .
officers had been initially treating the death as unexplained , but said they were now classing it as not suspicious .
we have done -lsb- the fighting chance scheme -rsb- four times and this has got to be one of the strongest intakes we have had .
in april another japanese woman , kanae kajima , who was convicted of killing three lovers , lost a final appeal against her death sentence at the supreme court .
wilson , who won his only international cap against northern ireland in 2011 , added : ` ` we 're lucky that we ' ve got two inspirational players in the middle of the park that can take that role .
` ` there are credible threats to tourist areas , in particular to public squares and docks in istanbul and antalya .
celta are ninth in la liga and will face ukrainian side shakhtar donetsk in the last 32 of the europa league .
the proposal to increase council tax is one of 31 recommendations made in green activist simon o'brien 's report .
bangladesh 's only victories since their first test in 2000 have come against zimbabwe and the west indies .
grimsby town 2 , mansfield town 0 .
dunkley , 25 , made 52 appearances in all competitions for oxford last season but rejected a new contract and will join wigan on 30 june on a free transfer .
officers believe the local man , who was working at fruehauf on houghton road , fell from a cherry picker at about 13:45 gmt on thursday .
gianni infantino may well have ` ` overwhelming '' support for fifa 's 48-country world cup plan - but it is not universal .
the 29-year - old boxer , who appeared in court under his real name jamie russan was told his conviction still stands , but that his prison sentence will be suspended for 18 months .
the base in aston , birmingham was largely paid for by a # 30,000 donation from the fund , police said .
` ` at 2.30 pm yesterday afternoon -lrb- mon 26th october -rrb- two thieves entered the liverpool philharmonic via a wedged open side door and broke into the production offices for bill bailey 's live tour , limboland . ''
samson had another year to run on his deal but had lost his starting place to summer signing jamie macdonald .
particularly if the economy looks sickly ahead of the autumn statement .
he could make his debut for guiseley when they travel to wrexham in the national league on saturday .
the bbc has also seen an internal draft report which shows police disciplinary procedures being used disproportionately against black and asian officers in some forces .
the government 's plan involves having natural england issue culling licences .
we 'll see what happens at the end of the season , '' he said .
disturbances broke out in o'connell street , where the rally had been due to start .
nobody said life with the lions would be champagne and roses .
jon stead -lrb- notts county -rrb- left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner .
updates on this story and more from the black country
in palmer on thursday , at about 03:00 an officer told karen and jay priest their son justin , 29 , had been killed .
she has said she will stand down as deputy leader later this year .
south wales fire and rescue service put out the blaze at alexandra docks which came after 20,000 tonnes of wood caught alight on 5 december .
it has given the maximum reward of a million flight miles , worth dozens of trips , to two people .
on thursday , it was announced he had been found guilty of three more rapes , of a dutch tourist and two sex workers .
scientists from the cetaceans strandings investigation programme -lrb- csip -rrb- say there is now a third dead whale off the coast .
mcilroy was ruled out for a number of tournaments in january and february but after returning to action , he felt the injury again at the players championship .
that is what happened the last time they wanted to build a third runway .
it asked how often their child played with a smartphone or tablet and about the child 's sleep patterns .
bates , who has been tigers promoter for three years , has taken full control of the lions and will work alongside co - promoter david darcy .
the municipal engineers are reported to have approved the safety of the building a day before it collapsed .
mae disgwyl i ' r cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger glyn ebwy gostio # 425 m ond mae llywodraeth cymru wedi mynnu na fyddan nhw ' n gwarantu mwy na hanner y gost .
modern appealing clothing said in court documents filed last week that ms trump 's firm has an ` ` unfair advantage '' in the marketplace .
martinez , 42 , took over at everton in 2013 , finishing fifth in his first season but slipping to 11th last term .
for a 2c rise , he found minimal change by the end of this century .
well , how about , if your dog understood a different language altogether ?
det con jen adams , of police scotland , said : ` ` this was a completely unprovoked attack which will leave the victim scarred for life .
one interesting nugget in the employment figures concerns the number of people employed in the public sector .
a report following an unannounced inspection said the overall number of self - harm incidents at hmp woodhill was also ` ` very high '' .
figures obtained by bbc scotland show borders hospitals spent # 3.18 per day per patient on meals and snacks .
police said the person who died was a man in his 30s , but did not reveal his identity .
sir mick and scorsese were among the show 's executive producers , with the latter directing its pilot episode .
that seems to be a major change in philosophy for land rover , which has traditionally been one of the most pragmatic , problem - solving companies in the motor industry .
lawyer robert hinton told ap the charge was expected on tuesday and he expected a judge to set bail .
kent batsman sean dickson told bbc radio kent :
mr corbyn said the party had to do more to challenge the ` ` austerity '' of the snp government , but admitted labour was facing a ` ` big fight ahead and a long road back '' .
colleagues still working in the country told bbc alba that her captors told ms norgrove they did not intend to kill her .
it also felt that it was unlikely heineken would reduce the choice of beer and cider available in the punch pubs , as this could lead it to lose business .
on monday , dortmund signed bayern munich midfielder sebastian rode , 25 .
hank green , a prominent video producer and entrepreneur , said youtube gave musicians ` ` new revenue streams '' .
ranjit banwait , leader of the authority , said the council had committed to keep it open for a year .
he also has investments in a number of media groups in the arab world .
paying tribute , they said : ` ` he had just celebrated his 21st birthday by touring europe on his yamaha motorbike .
the cystic fibrosis trust said it could ` ` improve the lives of many '' .
starting out as a tailor , he build shanghai - based metersbonwe into one of china 's biggest and best - known clothing companies .
a 35-year - old braintree man and a 25-year - man from kelvedon have been released pending further inquiries .
` ` to replace them , it 's virtually impossible , because you do n't have the money to go and replace them . ''
profile : former toronto mayor rob ford - ford remained popular despite his problems with drugs and alcohol
tony andreu -lrb- dundee united -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
the 17-year - old boy was arrested at an address in netherton , west midlands police said , and remains in custody .
many hindus consider cows sacred and the slaughter of the animal is banned in many indian states .
` ` in accordance with international law , the israeli navy advised the vessel several times to change course , '' the military said in a statement , the afp news agency reports .
in 2006 police arrested mr dawson after four other men came forward claiming they were also abused as children between 1964 and 1986 .
no large studies of drug quality have been carried out in china or india - countries that house a third of the world 's population and are a ` ` probable '' source of many counterfeit drugs as well as genuine antimalarial medicines , they say .
the full list of british titles in the running :
arlene foster said the dup was prepared to take ` ` our own action '' if the government did not intervene .
but it was also a chance to see how four individuals - picked from more than 2,000 candidates - could live together in a space no bigger than a netball court .
the context of the debate on the bbc 's future in scotland is , of course , rather different .
however , the distiller reported that jameson 's , the biggest - selling irish whiskey , continued to be the star performer among its premium brands .
no - one else is being sought in the murder inquiry into mrs furneaux 's death , avon and somerset police said .
they will go on public display at the university 's bay campus library on international dylan thomas day - 14 may .
prince harry is currently on a week - long tour of new zealand .
part of the problem is that the older generation has been lucky at the expense of the younger generation .
fedrwch chi ddad - sgramblo ' r lluniau a darganfod p - wy sydd tu ôl i ' r ŵy ?
plus it is loyal to the nominal al - qaeda leader , ayman al - zawahiri , and what remains of the group 's core leadership hiding in pakistan .
haigh said in a statement : ` ` owing to various statements made by and on behalf of the new majority owners of leeds united fc , i am left with no alternative than to resign as managing director of the club .
city 's frustration at what they believed were a series of injustices at the hands of referee anthony taylor boiled over in injury time as aguero caught luiz high and late , which happened after the argentina striker clashed with the defender at a corner earlier .
his new mark remains an unofficial world record until verified by the ipc .
west ham left upton park - their home for the past 112 years - in the summer .
but a statement from the school says the school did not segregate , but was respecting the governor 's choice .
creed was recently voted the best film of 2015 by the black film critics circle , where jordan and sylvester stallone were named best actor and best supporting actor .
the operation was part of an intelligence - led raid and involved the border force intercepting two vehicles on different ferry crossings .
make no mistake , antony jenkins , the chief executive of barclays , has been fired after falling out with the board over the size of the investment bank and the pace of cost cutting .
its shares dived nearly 14 % after the company warned of lower - than - expected full - year profits , partly due to the disruption caused by strikes on southern rail services .
dasilva , 19 , is yet to play for chelsea but impressed in 10 appearances for the addicks at the end of last season .
he is being looked after by staff at the scottish spca 's wildlife rescue centre in fishcross .
` ` i do n't think it is helpful if people are giving a running commentary on issues around this investigation while it is being undertaken . ''
the president also promised to focus more on the empowerment of women and create more jobs for the youth .
chris millar -lrb- st .   johnstone -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked .
` ` the fa 's verdict of no case to answer against referee mark clattenburg was hardly a surprise .
his sherlock co - star martin freeman will play the same role in london 's west end later this year .
mr mcguiness tweeted : ` ` very sad to hear that former taoiseach albert reynolds has died .
` ` i am delighted to be joining paris st - germain , a club where so many brazilians have played and helped write the club 's history , '' he said .
the lower house of parliament gave final approval to the bill by 334 votes to 61 .
the incident was attended by 18 search and rescue team members , west yorkshire police , west yorkshire fire and rescue service and yorkshire ambulance service .
the death toll has risen to over 7,000 and the nepalese authorities have ruled out finding more survivors .
police now have a dna profile for the mother of the girl whose bones were discovered by a member of the public at washlands nature reserve in wakefield .
` ` i condemn most forcefully the rape of the teenager in rio de janeiro , '' mr temer said .
the money will enable the cedar parts to be replaced with oak , which will be treated to stop the infestation of the insects sought after by woodpeckers .
` ` but south australia supplies about 90 % of the world 's quality opals .
it 's a sign of the times that brexit could eclipse what 's normally a highlight of the parliamentary year , but there will be plenty to watch out for in what will be the last full - scale budget in march .
but a more senior officer who ordered the check has been sacked .
after 200 operations , she completed the 226 km -lrb- 140 mile -rrb- hawaii event on sunday
survival in the premier league was our first and only target at the start of the campaign . ''
troy deeney -lrb- watford -rrb- header from the centre of the box is too high .
the air accidents investigation branch -lrb- aaib -rrb- said it had deployed to an accident involving a light aircraft near stoke medway airfield .
brownies and guides currently vow to ` ` to love my god , to serve my queen and my country '' .
two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and the other on suspicion of an assault on police .
united 's ryan flynn volleyed over , only for billy sharp to add a third against a chesterfield side that remains four points above the relegation places .
he said he has been told he has ` ` just several months left to live '' .
the company reported a pre - tax profit of # 7.2 m last year on the back of a 20 % jump in sales to # 948.9 m .
employees managed to dislodge the boy , who suffered crushing injuries to his head and brain , according to a report by the fulton county medical examiner .
` ` this is not the best league in the world , this is football from the 19th century , '' said mourinho .
by far the most famous visit was by henry v in 1416 , who , having placed himself under the spiritual protection of st winefride before the previous year 's battle of agincourt - where his 6,000 men faced a french army six times the size - walked from shrewsbury to the shrine to thank her for his victory .
a university of oxford spokesman said it had ` ` thought carefully '' about how best to mitigate the impact of the buildings .
and edinburgh will place league two bottom side shire over two legs for a place in that division .
` ` i do n't say that independence is a magic solution to everything , '' she said .
but if you turn up to glastonbury with nothing but a pair of flip - flops and a floaty dress , you only have yourself to blame .
they rescued 12 people from inside the building , three from one next door and two from the roof of a neighbouring property .
she left after her gcses to work in a factory but the money was poor , as were the conditions .
durham county council said the closure would last at least a month and signed diversions were in place .
` ` of course we understand the people who have been criticising us , '' 26-year - old aguero told football focus .
watch : how shauna coxsey became the uk 's first bouldering world champion
the centre 's conception stems from the principles of sir ian wood 's report into maximising economic recovery in the north sea .
he was also cleared of giving a false statement about what happened .
he added : ` ` we saw some flights delayed by about half an hour , and congestion in the check - in area which was cleared as soon as the fault was fixed . ''
vogel , who voiced kermit imitator constantine in 2014 film muppets most wanted , will first be heard as kermit - the long - time love of miss piggy - in a muppets thought of the week video next week , the hollywood reporter said .
the search firm has developed a system that adds depth - sensing and motion - tracking cameras to the normal front and rear photo lenses .
` ` the form filling is incredibly complicated and that 's where people have been struggling , '' she said .
it is investigating how a uk exit from the eu could affect northern ireland .
` ` we identified a third of secondary schools have had cuts of 40 % or more since 2010 , with 20 % redundancies in library staff at their school . ''
if there was a competition to find the widest smile at castle stuart last night , the two of them would have been locked in a dead heat .
like large parts of england , nottinghamshire overwhelmingly voted to leave the european union .
ms waters , who founded the sharia watch pressure group , is one of 11 candidates in the race .
leaders of the lower us house of representatives would prefer to pass a bill to end the government 's bulk collection of phone records and replace it with legislation that supporters say protects civil liberties .
more than 8,400 people have died in west africa in the world 's worst outbreak of the ebola virus .
many residents of what is the largest of the chagos islands ultimately resettled in crawley , west sussex .
sir mike , who led the army between 2003 and 2006 at the height of the uk 's involvement in afghanistan , added : ` ` afghanistan is not a military problem per se , the root of it is political .
west midlands ambulance service said the man died at the scene .
` ` has there ever been a 1,000 - 1 winner of the derby ? ''
it will be implemented in all ties in the carabao cup , checkatrade trophy and efl play - offs .
bournemouth have yet to learn their punishment from the fa , but are expecting similar sanctions .
channing tatum took home best comedic performance for 22 jump street and meryl streep picked up best villain for her role in into the woods .
` ` i know dave rennie is one of the best coaches in the world , so it 's an exciting prospect to work under him next season . ''
earlier , johnson - thompson - competing in the long jump after she was unable to qualify for her preferred event , pentathlon , because of illness - opened up with 6.69 m , before eclipsing her previous best of 6.75 m , set at the recent british championships , with 6.81 m .
crocodiles are a common sight on the golf course , australian media reported , and signs warn players of the dangers .
in a statement , he said the rubbish had been unlawfully dumped on his own land before he moved it , and he later paid Â # 4,000 for it to be cleared up from the side of the road .
but today it seems almost inevitable that in david cameron 's brave new world of greater national fiscal self - determination , some english nationalist mps on the right of the spectrum may increasingly view wales - and scotland and northern ireland - as de facto socialist paradises excessively featherbedded by the english .
bywater , whose previous clubs include millwall and sheffield wednesday , has not played for the brewers since signing on a free transfer from doncaster in january .
he added : ` ` this is to ensure best use of precious staffing resources to deliver patient care where it is needed most . ''
syria 's riches
so , certainly no diplomatic disasters on president trump 's first visit to brussels .
northstone showed a pre - tax profit of ? ?
nhs 111 / out - of - hours care
when a misspelt road marking appeared outside a school in chester , the finger of blame was as usual pointed at hapless contractors .
news of the men 's release was confirmed by an international maritime lawyer who is close to the case .
he will now take up his teaching position at wrekin college in shropshire after the final game of the season at newcastle on saturday .
in monday 's telephone call , mr kerry ` ` said china 's introduction of an oil rig and numerous government vessels in waters disputed with vietnam was provocative '' , us state department spokeswoman jen psaki said .
he said he had spent the last 50 years trying to forget the experience , but chose to speak about it publicly for the first time at the conference .
bartlett - the man behind award - winning play king charles iii , recently filmed by the bbc - says he originally intended doctor foster to have a single series .
in february , a man was killed in a hotel that was hosting a weigh - in for a world boxing organisation fight in the city .
the unusually high number of octopuses living together in the colony off jervis bay , south of sydney , allowed a more in - depth observation of interactions than had previously been possible .
it says ni families have # 105 a week discretionary income , the lowest of any uk region and well below the uk average of # 202 a week .
south africa captain mignon du preez : ` ` we knew that we had the firepower in the line - up , even though we had to go at eight an over .
she said she was unhappy with the support from the welsh amateur boxing association -lrb- waba -rrb- .
the funds will be used to expand and streamline production areas within the factory which employs about 80 staff .
arlene foster has previously said that putting a border down the middle of the irish sea , creating a divide between northern ireland and great britain , is something her party will not tolerate .
evans gave the bantams the lead with style early on as he curled home from 20 yards into the bottom corner .
it will be available to 1.7 bn people on the platform worldwide via rooney 's and the manchester united facebook pages .
napoli , chasing their first league title since 1990 , are a point behind juventus , who drew 0 - 0 at bologna on friday .
villa were outclassed by arsenal , whose victory at wembley saw them become the most successful club in fa cup history with a 12th title .
ms khayat accused the court of attempting to silence the lebanese media ` ` in order not to criticise the tribunal in future '' .
a national grid spokesman said engineers were working to decommission a section of gas main where the sinkhole had caused a leak .
a legal challenge blocked the plan to downgrade maternity care at glan clwyd hospital in bodelwyddan , denbighshire .
the two recruits will initially spend a year living in a house on the estate being supported by the church while they take part in daily services and work with local people .
foredowne boarding kennel is facing allegations about how dogs , seized by devon and cornwall police and placed there , were kept without exercise .
about 20 people were evacuated from their homes after the crash in ardingly high street on 14 november .
the vessel incurred a small breach in the hull when it ran aground , which the aad said poses no risk to the ship 's stability or to the environment .
jason manford turned to facebook after he said his dad ` ` could n't even get a job cleaning floors at aldi '' .
it authorised officers to ` ` depress '' her fingerprints on the sensor .
despite more than 900 complaints , watchdog ofcom ruled that channel 4 did not breach the broadcasting code .
their previous best odi run - chase against australia was 270 - 4 at lord 's in 1997 .
second half begins tranmere rovers 0 , dover athletic 0 .
i am voting apc this time , though i voted people 's democractic party -lrb- pdp -rrb- in the last presidential election .
tube web spiders - segestria florentina
the bung was left in place after the procedure at northampton general hospital .
england 's friendly against france on tuesday goes ahead after the terrorist attacks which took place in paris .
the knitwear firm has increased its production to 9,500 sweaters each week , from about 7,500 last year , to keep up with demand .
mr barnes has lived with disabilities from birth after his mother contracted german measles when she was pregnant .
there is no obvious reason why an intelligent and versatile actress such as michelle terry , who is immersed in shakespeare and the globe , should n't make a success of it too .
` ` the malaysian grand prix team orders controversy at red bull is only the latest episode of a long - running drama between sebastian vettel and mark webber .
and earlier this year , a californian man was arrested after attacking a knightscope robot .
bendou , now 39 , and kocher , now 38 , were given life sentences for murder with minimum terms of 14 and 23 years respectively in 2014 .
ricky miller -lrb- dover athletic -rrb- converts the penalty with a.
officers are carrying out a forensic search in the area .
speaking at a rally in north carolina , mr trump hinted that gun rights advocates could stop her taking power .
former corries musician ronnie browne , along with authors christopher brookmyre and lesley riddoch , will also be festival guests .
the 42 year old was remanded in custody until next week .
wsl 2 side london bees will face birmingham city in the other semi - final , with both ties to be played on the weekend of the 3 - 4 september .
but to qualify for rio , brown would have to switch from her favoured compound bow to the recurve , something she will ` ` absolutely not '' do .
the incremental renationalisation policy is expected to leave around two thirds of lines privately run after the first term of a future labour government .
lord ashcroft suffered septic shock leading to renal and liver failure and heart damage , a report from channel 5 tv in belize reported .
according to deep knowledge ventures , vital has already approved two investment decisions .
senior lecturer in special education dr amelia roberts said that when someone with autism loses their means of communication it is a devastating change for them .
jamaica is third highest in the list of foreign countries with nationals serving prison sentences in the uk .
the tour championship is the final event of the race to dubai , with four players still in with a chance of topping the european tour order of merit .
mr kearney wrote : ` ` the political process has now been dragged recklessly by the dup , culminating with the rhi crisis towards an unprecedented tipping point .
` ` it 's been a real team effort between the staff this summer , '' mccann said .
no who killed lucy beale party would be complete without some sort of competition to guess who the culprit actually is .
gen vance , canada 's chief of the defence staff , said in a statement that he ` ` detests any action by a canadian armed forces member that is intended to show disrespect towards the very people and cultures we value in canada '' .
a spokesman for the firm said : ` ` we had high hopes , just like the northern ireland ministers did .
they were later involved in a feud , and mr mcguigan was shot several times in a so - called punishment attack .
esposito was one of those who found presley 's body when he died at graceland , memphis , and broke the news of his death to priscilla and presley 's manager tom parker .
` ` more than half of scots are not familiar with their rights as debt consumers .
i am for equality in the sport . ''
for the islamic minority in sin city , life is not always easy .
kiss of the spider woman , a surreal prison drama , was also nominated for best picture at the oscars , while william hurt won best actor .
the feature supersport event will take place on sunday .
the 21-member panel will examine whether a legal trade in rhino horn may reduce the number of animals targeted by poachers .
lung cancer is the most common cancer in scotland and also the biggest killer of all the cancers , according to the charity .
it 's not entirely surprising that small businesses are quite so poorly defended .
the inquiry in newport heard the scheme would mean about 105 hectares of designated land , set aside for the protection of water invertebrates , would have to be lost .
tablets are now being used , at least to some extent , in 68 % of primary and 69 % of secondary schools , according to the study headed by barbie clarke of the family , kids and youth research group .
no arrests have been made .
south yorkshire police described her death as a ` ` targeted attack '' .
gerrard 's former liverpool team - mate and room - mate danny murphy told bbc sport on match of the day : ` ` liverpool are very fortunate they ' ve got steven gerrard as his two bits of quality have been the difference between the sides and not much else . ''
the drop - off high above the earth was confirmed nine hours and 12 minutes later .
oscars 2017 : full coverage
why not come along , meet and ride henry the mechanical horse at some of the official team gb fan parks during the rio olympics ?
villagers we spoke to were losing hope of finding any more survivors .
social clubs , known as krewes , organise different parades in new orleans during mardi gras .
the 29-year - old spent the majority of last season on loan with wolves , making 19 appearances in all competitions .
in february 2014 , pink panther gang member borko ilincic was arrested in madrid .
but he claims the utility firm could borrow the money required to build the tunnel for around 2 % a year .
the new department subsequently cut their grant to the arts council of northern ireland by Â # 500,000 in july .
a week ago , mr houthi accused the president and those around him of failing to implement political deals which he said should have ushered in a new era in yemen .
mr fillon has stuck fast to his hard - core base for the past six weeks , as an investigation into his wife 's employment whipped up a storm around his campaign .
it would also help if you could include telephone numbers where you can be reached .
it was not clear when the drill was carried out , but the report warned of a ` ` miserable end '' for president park .
the teenager remains in hospital in a stable condition , police said .
the labour party has confirmed she has been suspended pending an investigation .
based on those figures , the researchers calculate that once the new policy is fully implemented an additional 100,000 adults and 200,000 children could face poverty .
this represents around 90.4 % of expected total payments for those schemes .
the 62-year - old , who scored almost 15,000 runs for derbyshire between 1977 and 1988 , will rejoin the team in june , a month before the t20 blast begins .
according to a staff survey , nearly half of met police officers believe more officers should carry guns .
manchester united 's players may have been affected by an arduous coach journey that ended in such disgraceful scenes outside upton park - and west ham co - owner david sullivan 's dismissive response that the visitors should simply have arrived earlier did no credit to him or his club on this landmark night .
the 17-year - old , has been charged with possessing a class a controlled drug with intent to supply ; possessing a class b controlled drug with intent to supply ; possession of a class a controlled drug ; possession of a class b controlled drug and supplying a class a controlled drug .
the welsh government said its tuition fee policy has been a ` ` huge success '' .
the deal was initiated by the belfast - based corporate advisors hnh group .
the lionesses have won both their qualifying games so far .
he was prosecuted for failing to give the cash to the neuroblastoma children 's cancer charity .
the 26-year - old will join wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer for a fee believed to be # 10 m .
` ` and the media was very important to me from the first days of tyrrells .
winter across the uk : a guide to how the nhs is coping
` ` but let 's not pretend that in 12 months time we are going to have two roads linking up to the motorway network .
one allegation led to the conviction of a man who was jailed for seven years .
carriage 11 was in the front half of the train and the locked door allowed staff access to a service area , which was off limits to passengers .
for eve muirhead , there is the excitement of playing in a european championships in her home country .
on monday , kim and other people affected by thalidomide asked mrs foster to add her voice to those appealing to the german government to recognise its responsibilities towards victims .
it 's so difficult for us who live and work in lampedusa every day , to know that a lot of people die in this way , in the mediterranean sea . ''
woodburn , meanwhile , is on the less experienced end of the scale , having spent some of last season out on loan at championship side nottingham .
the man was taken to hospital where he is described as being in a stable condition .
operators such as uber and grabtaxi will now have to register with the country 's land transport authority .
not one .
keighley cougars of league one , england 's third - tier competition , progressed to the challenge cup fourth round with a 50 - 32 win over fryston warriors - a side from the second tier of england 's amateur game .
in may , rangers ' directors said they were going to rip up contracts held with a merchandise company , rangers retail , which they ran with a sports direct firm .
inspectors found staff at complete utilities ltd were not fully trained to operate plant vehicles , and the work site was ` ` chaotic and disorganised '' .
former manchester united player and coach phil neville explains what louis van gaal has learned from his first season in the premier league and why his team are not far away from being title contenders again .
a number of homes were inundated in gorleston and nearby bradwell on sunday .
asked about russian aggression towards nato countries in the baltic region , mr trump suggested the us might abandon the longstanding protections offered by the us to such nations .
they were charged by us authorities with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank fraud in an effort to manipulate libor for rabobank 's financial gain .
now mr lewandowski has been charged over his manhandling of a female reporter during a rally .
ivan is very clear and has strong opinions on things .
` ` following advice from the fire service , all students were able to collect their gcse results from outside the sports hall .
henshaw , 24 , was on his first lions tour , having played 29 times for ireland .
` ` and the high operation pressure is a challenge for the space suit designer . ''
` ` aston villa has always been an important club in english football and it has a long and rich history of success at the top of the game , '' fox said .
a member of the family is flying to thailand to search for ms taylor and bring her home , she said .
brian barry , the belfast health and social care trust 's director of specialist hospitals , said the new scanner would help to reduce waiting times .
prof gregor white , head of abertay 's school of arts , media and computer games , said : ` ` to be featured so highly in this prestigious ranking for a third consecutive year is testament to the hard work , dedication and excellence of my colleagues in the school and across the university .
gunner rowbottom had been a milkman before the war and was nicknamed milky joe in the local newspapers .
` ` this ranks as one of the lowest fourth of julys ever , '' said paul dergarabedian , from box - office tracker rentrak .
earlier on friday , south korea took an early advantage with a 2 - 0 defeat of belgium , while defending champions germany needed a late equaliser to salvage a 3 - 3 draw against india .
french swimmer benoit lecomte was credited as the first to swim across the atlantic without a kickboard in 1998 , but this was not verified .
last week , the remains of two japanese climbers who disappeared 45 years ago were found on the matterhorn , one of europe 's highest mountains .
she was rescued at 11:16 by oban 's rnli lifeboat , whose crew included a doctor with experience of working with divers in similar situations .
any close relative can apply for the national insurance credits , but it 's most likely to be a grandparent , as long as they 're under pension age .
without a pure wide player in the eleven , it is difficult to create chances and get the result .
the turtles were believed to be from the gulf of mexico 5,000 miles -lrb- 8,000 km -rrb- away and were among a small number which washed up on british and european shores last month .
reports have said the allegedly stolen game of thrones script appears to be from the fourth episode of season seven , which is currently being broadcast .
journalist didi akinyelure investigates why african art has become big business .
tv chef rosemary shrager , who has worked and lived in yorkshire for many years , was presented with the woman of the year award , while rotherham - born william hague was named man of the year .
a ceremony was held at the pantheon alongside the coffins of germaine tillion , genevieve de gaulle - anthonioz , pierre brossolette and jean zay .
mahon , 41 , admitted one charge of kidnap at shrewsbury crown court and was remanded in custody .
link - which operates the network of 70,000 atms in the uk - said that its commercial model is ` ` under review '' .
johnny boylan , who is one of three affected homeowners , said the wall collapsed eight months after he and his partner moved into their house on river road .
cricket australia ceo james sutherland has paid this tribute to hughes , describing him as a ` ` hero to kids around the nation '' .
bay tv 's chief executive said he hoped it would be sold as a going concern .
she admitted it had been ` ` tough '' going back to work with such a young baby , although she joked that the one show was ` ` a break '' from the ` ` really hard job of motherhood '' .
most of the incidents of cheating this year have been reported from saharsa , chhapra , vaishali and hajipur districts .
although the president has delivered on his election promises of resolving the stand - off over iran 's nuclear programme , and opening the way for sanctions to be lifted , there has been little concrete improvement in ordinary people 's lives so far .
until now agencies such as the fbi had not needed a warrant to use machines called cell - site simulators that track the locations of phones in the area .
lala njava is passionately concerned by the issues her native land faces , especially deforestation , and is donating a portion of the revenues from her cd sales to a tree planting project .
he says the prospect of competing in the street child world cup instilled discipline in rodrigo 's life .
however , 770,000 eu nationals living in the capital should be eligible for a visa to ensure their future in london , the chamber of commerce said .
ukraine have lost in five previous qualifying play - offs for major tournaments - including a 3 - 2 aggregate reverse when they played slovenia for a place at euro 2000 .
dozens of people have been killed in bombings across baghdad in recent months .
` ` the cancer cells in the primary tumour are actually fertilising the soil for the future growth of itself , lox is changing the environment in bone to make it better to grow . ''
fellow scot wright finished second to qualify for his first play - offs with a 7 - 1 victory over already - eliminated raymond van barneveld .
he said police needed to investigate domestic abuse ` ` pro - actively '' and should be ` ` properly trained '' .
the center for disease control -lrb- cdc -rrb- said 45 people had been infected with a strain of e. coli , 43 of whom reported eating at a chipotle restaurant .
where it has come from is a matter to him , but his victims have their money back . ''
about 1,000 russian - speakers have gathered behind police barricades near the monument to protest .
` ` in full co - ordination with the government of iraq , we 're deploying a specialised expeditionary targeting force to assist iraqi and kurdish peshmerga forces , '' mr carter said .
but the aircraft that would be sold to nigeria come with a ` ` very basic armed configuration , '' one of the unnamed us officials told reuters .
he added : ` ` a young man 's life has been taken away needlessly and the family of ryan deserve to know the truth about what happened to him .
a police spokesman said : ` ` there is a specialist search team combing the area around where the missing person was last seen , this includes in the garden of her last known address . ''
` ` knight embarked on a premeditated , cold - blooded attack on her mother by illicitly injecting her with a potentially lethal dose of insulin while she was an inpatient on a ward after suffering a fall at home .
it intends to launch a service next year that will 3d - scan amputees and then build and fit them with a custom - fitted socket and hand for about Â # 2,000 .
the bank expects near - zero inflation to help the uk economy by boosting the spending power of households .
a world cup in november and december also affects the football league , the fa cup and league cup .
meg said : ` ` warwick castle submitted an appeal to the decision to refuse our planning application to build new accommodation , several month ago .
they also found a message on a phone about an agreement to supply someone with a half - ounce of the drug for Â # 125 .
fabienne fossez , the little tern warden for rspb east norfolk , said : ` ` we 're extremely concerned , it 's a species in decline and they are in real trouble .
the students are calling for the university to withdraw its investments entirely from fossil fuel corporations and to pursue a renewable energy agenda .
mr bird , who has been spotted removing the items himself , said he did not mind his statue being treated in this way .
` ` it does take a long time , three years for my friend , who has really totally recovered professionally and personally .
earlier , the police force suggested all three were convicted of rape but this information was later amended .
investigators say the two girls had been plotting for months to kill their victim in ` ` dedication '' to slender man , a fictional horror website character .
in july 2015 he was suspended by the football association for failing an out - of - competition drugs test .
however , ritchie says underhill 's case may be viewed differently to the likes of those who play in france , and that he may be treated as a special case given his age .
in hindsight , however , it was exactly the kind of monologue that donald trump has given day after day since he launched his campaign - and his supporters love him for it .
special measures , including monthly inspections , were predicted to last two years when first imposed in 2013 .
church members have voted to raise the cost of a wedding from # 296 to # 415 and for a funeral service from # 102 to # 160 from january next year .
` ` it felt like something out of a novel .
wandsworth inmate neil moore was on remand when he used an illicit mobile phone to create a fake email account .
but speaking to the bbc 's sunday politics wales programme , mr jones said he ` ` never called for a veto '' .
but mr hunt has now offered the bma junior doctors ' leaders the opportunity to meet this week to see if they can find a solution to the dispute - the bma has agreed to attend .
barnett , now on the 14th club of his career , also played in the championship for peterborough and ipswich .
` ` every new technology that 's come along for the last 60 , 70 years we have adopted and co - opted and made it into a story telling medium , '' he said .
the double olympic and world champion will ride uthopia instead of her usual horse valegro in wednesday 's freestyle .
there are very competitive offers and many more suppliers to choose from , and that 's why more consumers are switching , '' said rachel fletcher , of ofgem .
they 'll learn how bhutan - which once revelled in its remoteness - is now facing the challenge of how to retain its buddhist traditions while also embracing the modern world .
veteran labour mp dennis skinner has also said he will vote to leave the eu .
the girl is being treated at ninewells hospital in dundee .
martin green , of hull 2017 , said the money was ` ` a massive vote of confidence '' in the city .
court documents said wambach has no prior arrest record .
the welsh lib dems want to replace tuition fee subsidies of up to Â # 5,190 a year with maintenance grants of Â # 2,500 .
he is one of three men believed to be trapped under the debris of the decommissioned power station .
mr khan said : ` ` after years of huge fare increases for london passengers , i ' m delighted to be formally announcing our plans to freeze tfl fares across london 's transport network .
porto forward vincent aboubakar netted for cameroon , who finished bottom of the group , with a draw from their match against australia their only point .
ch insp mark mcclarence said post mortem examinations ` ` ruled out '' carbon monoxide poisoning as a cause of death .
echevarría worked for the hsbc bank in london , as part of their team fighting money laundering .
kunming officials , quoted by xinhua , later said that evidence at the scene showed it was ` ` a terrorist attack carried out by xinjiang separatist forces '' .
and at the very least , signs that mr trump is within reach of mrs clinton should cast doubts on the early predictions that the democrats will win in the autumn by historic , goldwater - esque margins .
gen johnston was commanding a mobile medical unit close to the german - dutch border in april 1945 .
but the report said no written risk assessment had been carried out and the harbour authority had not been informed of the test run .
` ` these failings create a significant risk to operations on the mainline network .
belgian grand prix coverage details
in a statement , the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons -lrb- opcw -rrb- said the declaration was submitted three days ahead of schedule .
she was blinded and terribly scarred but found the strength to fight for custody of her son .
he said it was not a lifestyle choice for him and he would like nothing more than to have a home .
city led through daphne corboz 's tap - in after nikita parris hit the post .
a previous pilot scheme , which saw 70 bikes installed at 10 locations , ended in 2011 .
they found that organic farming led to higher weed diversity on surrounding conventionally farmed fields .
in a statement , corn exchange action group said they were thrilled punch taverns had agreed the deal .
waqar said : ` ` yes , we lost the game .
europe was taken by surprise by theresa may 's announcement , but not taken aback .
friday 's acts include florence and the machine , motorhead , mark ronson and an unconfirmed band , rumoured to be the libertines , on the pyramid stage .
james chester scored the decisive penalty with vale 's richard duffy the only man to miss from the spot .
` ` i think it is important we pull all the strands together to come up with a credible plan that the whole of the rugby league community in london can get behind and buy into .
nikolai primak , head of the russian investigation , said flight information appeared to be missing .
and as a result , thanks to the efforts and sacrifices of the british people , britain is turning a corner .
following her surprise return to albert square , dame barbara announced her character would be killed off .
the winner of the grand prix will earn # 100,000 in prize money .
the local authority is seeking a long term solution to the bypass .
a club statement read : ` ` after a thorough investigation carried out by oldham athletic football club relating to the conduct of cristian montano , a decision has been made by the board to dismiss the player forthwith .
from the start of her time as prime minister margaret thatcher divided opinion .
those challenges include a question over whether enough is being put into these pension pots .
during the industrial revolution , migrant workers from across the world flocked to wales ' coalfields , slate quarries and docks .
one said the parcel had been put through an open window .
listen to maddy savage 's report on sweden 's experiment with six - hour days on the world tonight .
` ` i went to talk to cafe owner and apparently the sign is ` humorous ' and the kidnapping happened ` years ago ' , and i am being ` hypersensitive . '
they found that the angry faces made the horses ' heart rates speed up quicker than the happy faces .
dr ben clark , 40 , was one of three air ambulance staff to be honoured at the pride of britain awards for treating victims of the alton towers smiler crash in june .
vincenzo nibali -lrb- ita / bahrain -rrb- +1 min 12secs
world 124 broady was beaten 6 - 4 6 - 2 by german julia goerges , who is 46 in the women 's rankings .
` ` the recently - established town centre resilience index uses a range of statistics , including footfall and retail vacancies , to help us target council resources for maximum impact in the towns in greatest need .
kevin mckee and seamus wright were both ira members who were abducted and murdered by the organisation in 1972 .
greater manchester police -lrb- gmp -rrb- investigated kabeer hassan and another man , aged 59 , but it was nearly a year later when a cps lawyer decided to drop the case .
mr persky , a superior court judge in santa clara county , california , has reportedly received death threats in the wake of the case .
he scored his first , and only , international goal in england 's 5 - 0 victory over moldova at the 2014 fifa world cup qualifiers .
he tweetd : ` ` delighted to have joined scunthorpe on a month 's loan .
whedon revealed the name after footage of the latest thor film was shown .
republican front - runner for the us presidential race donald trump has weighed in on the bathroom provisions of the laws , saying people in north carolina should be allowed to use the bathroom they feel is appropriate .
` ` we need to get a result , especially in the next two games because the games are running out now . ''
he said : ` ` we urge people to take great care in the way they dispose of plastic bags or , indeed , any other rubbish , particularly balloons and chinese lanterns .
cellino agreed in principle to sell his majority share to supporters ' group leeds fans united in at the end of last october , but changed his mind a week later .
mr davies responded that around a third of teachers in wales could speak welsh , and that the challenge was to see if more of them would be willing to teach through the medium of welsh .
the expensive piece of kit consists of a manual chair and an attachable motor .
it is understood the giants hold weekly trials , and that burgess was one of many to take part on thursday .
the 36-year - old was taken to a london hospital in a critical condition at about 03:45 after he became unwell at an address in carshalton road , mitcham .
kurdish commander redor khalil said the briton had been killed while fighting alongside kurdish forces in the frontline village of tel khuzela .
` ` when you 're on that peg , when it all comes down to shooting the next target , the feeling you get - the adrenaline buzz - is like nothing else . ''
the house of commons rule changes would also limit some votes to english and welsh mps only .
other robotics engineers were impressed by the tentacle 's performance but emphasised that it is still a long way from the surgery .
sdlp mla sinead bradley said it is unrealistic to suggest that belfast international airport could become the gateway to ireland .
meanwhile , edward snowden met four former us security officials in russia late on wednesday , it has emerged .
the prison officers ' association -lrb- poa -rrb- said order was restored overnight on saturday but said ` ` both wings were destroyed and were now out of commission '' .
syrian state media says toxic gas was contained in shells that rebels have been firing at government - held areas in the divided city .
however , lead author terry marsh from ceh said the national scale of last winter 's floods were ` ` the most extreme on record '' .
the san marino champions continued to press during the four minutes of injury - time , although mulgrew did produce a late break into the la fiorita penalty area before being handed a yellow card after being adjudged to have dived in the box .
the bristol ships board said there would no longer be a dry dockyard in bristol if the albion closes .
last month , the welsh government successfully applied for a compulsory purchase order on the former owner of the market hall and the work is being funded by a Â # 2.3 m lottery grant .
molluscs first appeared on earth around 520 million years ago , calvapilosa is an ancient relative of modern molluscs .
that left him having to raise some of the less well - known taxes .
the scottish government announced last week that it was working ` ` intensively '' with councils to establish the safety of high - rise flats .
born in 1928 , temple soon became a major star after getting her first film role at the age of three .
the group all stars has just released a peace song entitled dafa dafa which means revenge in the local arabic .
the polish foreign ministry said three other russian biker groups would be allowed into the country .
five - time world champion o'sullivan took the first three frames and won 4 - 1 after white had beaten ryan day without losing a frame .
the department of health said that an additional # 250 m would be invested in children 's mental health services in the next financial year .
the figures for all years are adjusted annually to reflect the increased understanding of greenhouse gas emissions .
many activists have been sceptical about the king 's promises of change , saying morocco 's 400-year - old monarchy has a long history of enacting superficial reforms .
` ` it 's surreal , man , it really is , '' said gennett , the first reds player to achieve the feat and who also tied a club record with 10 runs batted in .
a bomb disposal expert travelled from edinburgh to make the device safe .
warburton and weir will continue to coach the first - team until the end of the season , but mcparland has been placed on gardening leave .
submerged forests have been found further north on the beach and nearby in the past .
rio de janeiro will be the first south american city to host the olympics .
a rescue helicopter was sent from prestwick but the group were reached first by the oban lifeboat at about 03:30 .
gay sex is illegal in singapore .
jurors heard exhibits stolen in durham and cambridge were valued at about # 17 m but detectives believed they could have fetched up to # 57 m -lrb- $ 79 m -rrb- on the ` ` booming '' chinese auction market .
dyfed - powys police and the charity mudiad meithrin , which owns the nursery , have been asked to comment .
he told 5 live 's wake up to money that while councils were responsible for trading standards , there was no central system to relay information about products to the public .
the bbc 's africa health correspondent anne soy says the mission set up its headquarters in accra as it was far enough away from the affected countries , where there was logistical lockdown , but close enough the epicentre of the outbreak .
two other men and a woman were also charged with supplying cocaine for ` ` personal use or to on - supply cocaine to friends and colleagues '' .
some commentators feel the new constitution will further divide egyptian society and may lead to more chaos .
` ` clearly , this is an act of pure provocation and is totally insensitive to the nationalist population .
moscow 's ambassador to neighbouring turkey , andrei karlov , was assassinated in december , apparently in protest at russian involvement in the bombardment of the syrian city of aleppo .
a third of children in wales were said to have good oral health overall , which compares to 39 % in england .
the car has been built and refined over the last year by 30 students studying at eth zurich -lrb- etz -rrb- and lucerne 's university of applied sciences and arts .
` ` for this reason we call on all retailers and vendors of newspapers in liverpool to stop selling the s * n , '' said the motion , which recognised the efforts of the campaign group total eclipse of the s * n to ` ` rid '' the city of the newspaper .
reports of casualties vary from 35 to more than 100 people killed , including factory workers and neighbours .
however , alongside other tools , average speed cameras are also a cost effective way to reduce climate emissions as well as fuel costs for motorists .
stanton becomes united 's ninth summer signing and their fourth of the week .
the two men in their 40s went missing on tuesday as they climbed the 4,248-metre -lrb- 13,937 ft -rrb- mont blanc du tacul .
the band are in the middle of their latest tour and are currently playing a string of concerts in los angeles .
` ` that 's the real militarisation of the south china sea , '' he added .
once the malware is downloaded , it sends a message to desktops with instructions about how users can pay to have files unlocked .
the flight search engine website reported revenues of Â # 120 m for 2015 , up 28 % on the previous year .
the final report was drafted by home office officials but some members of the panel , which included three people who also sit on the acmd , insisted on writing in what became known as the ` ` safety - valve '' clause .
she was later impeached over the rice subsidy scheme and banned from politics for five years .
key arrivals : the reviews of partick thistle on their return to scotland 's top flight have generally read : ` ` nice play , shame about the finishing '' .
bad weather has led the cancellations of friday sailings on the stornoway - ullapool route and other services on scotland 's west coast .
nottingham forest 3 , birmingham city 1 .
she said the magazine was ` ` wrong '' to include iggy and went on to accuse her nemesis of appropriating black culture .
shepherd took his points tally for the county championship to 66 when he went over shortly after the break following a line out from five metres out .
manchester city climb from fifth to third after a 2 - 1 win over swansea city , with liverpool dropping one place to fifth after a 2 - 0 defeat at lowly hull city and manchester united remain sixth after a 3 - 0 win at leicester city .
organisers said the display gives a unique insight into important part of nottingham 's history .
google 's new system tracks how a person interacts with a website to prove they are real , so the puzzles are no longer necessary for most people .
the race saw all combinations of competitors - men carrying women , men carrying men and one woman carrying a woman .
he said it had cut the time pupils queued for lunches as well as removing any stigma attached to free school meals .
the south eastern trust serves a population of approximately 345,000 people with a budget of almost Â # 500 m .
irish duo mark o'donovan and shane o'driscoll will compete against cassells and scrimgeour in saturday 's lightweight pairs final after finishing second in their semi - final behind the french boat .
in addition to the 19 employees said to have a case to answer for misconduct , a now retired officer was found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct .
episodes of the programme were repeated for years across latin america , dubbed into portuguese in brazil .
all the coaches in the psl -lrb- south africa 's premier soccer league -rrb- , when they do n't win , you hear them talking about the problem of not scoring goals .
he is a 56-year - old us citizen from miamisburg , ohio , who works for the city .
his mother said she was ` ` ecstatic '' and ` ` overwhelmed '' by the ` ` selfless amazing person '' who paid for his treatment .
the bridge will close for road traffic until 30 december but pedestrians can walk across on all but three weekends .
in some cases , said mr nohl , getting at a booking would let an attacker completely change flight details potentially letting them travel for free .
the attribution of a miracle is given to those who have died for the faith , while receiving a sainthood requires a miracle .
a spokesman for rzss edinburgh zoo said : ` ` giant panda breeding is a very complicated process but we believe that tian tian is pregnant .
now they have given the go - ahead for the great run , with additional security measures expected to be in force .
she was answering on behalf of the scottish parliamentary corporate body which runs the parliament .
allen , ranked 10 in the world , goes on to face marco fu or judd trump in the quarter - finals on thursday .
just wanted to share with you my own information that mullah mansour has not been killed . ''
anthony was convicted of lying to police but acquitted of murder .
in october last year , sussex 's taylor , who took a four - month sabbatical in 2010 , became the first woman to play in australian first - grade cricket .
his installation gaps , glitches and speed bumps on the no .   9 bus is part of his residency for the royal british society of sculptors .
the authority said it would sell the building to help pay for a new facility in the area in about four years .
the lorry driver was unharmed and told police the bus had gone into the back of his vehicle and burst into flames , it said .
` ` medals at any cost , that 's how it was whenever i was there , certainly in 2012 . ''
twitter use has been allowed before in a scottish court but it will be the first time a sentencing at the high court in scotland has been filmed .
` ` i would fear that he would end up like justin fashanu -lsb- the english footballer who killed himself after revealing that he was gay -rsb- . ''
this marks the sixth arrest in the crime .
but it 's the 87th corbyn rally of the labour leadership campaign .
ms sayles said mrs negus had known exactly what she wanted to do with her money and that she ` ` had repeatedly said that she wanted me to have that money '' .
` ` a successful industry , '' the report says , ` ` therefore needs continued market access . ''
by december , attempts by dissident republicans to disrupt pre - christmas trade captured the headlines .
on its return he discovered the dashboard camera recorded footage of his car being driven 57 mph in a 30 mph zone .
however he said these signals were ` ` fleeting encounters '' that could not be verified until the arrival of british naval ship hms echo and australian defence vessel ocean shield .
joselu replaces mame biram diouf .
` ` we talked about starting really big in the first 20 or 25 minutes , as if you look at the stats that is usually sale 's best period .
striker kashket scored one goal in 22 appearances for the o 's and has joined on a contract until 31 december .
the crucial words here are ` ` no significant underlying health issues '' .
` ` about half an hour later , the pilot announced we 'd been hit by lightning and we 'd be landing at gatwick , '' he said .
a new inspection in february found the practice had made a ` ` significant number of improvements '' .
and as stewart had hoped , people did want to ` be a part of it ' in new york .
holyrood 's local government committee is to examine how the payments are made and how appropriate they are .
after they departed , she said , a number of large lorries carrying concrete , hardcore and three mobile homes drove down hovefields avenue and onto the five acre field at the end of the road .
it was built in 1885 as a drawing office for ship building firm d&w henderson at the meadowside shipyard , and is a category b - listed building .
evidence of suspected match - fixing in elite tennis was revealed this week by a bbc and buzzfeed news investigation .
skelmersdale 's original railway station closed to passengers in 1956 .
this time he 's explaining the difference between deficit and debt .
chairman and chief executive pablo isla emphasised the firm 's investment in technology , saying the firm had expanded its online stores to 11 new countries in the period .
it follows a string of incidents on the motorway on sunday in similar weather conditions .
when england batsman jonathan trott left the ashes tour of australia in november with what the ecb described as , a ` ` long - standing stress - related condition '' , the end of marcus trescothick 's international career came to mind .
since arriving at fortuna sittard two months ago , the former nigeria coach has steered the club away from the relegation zone with only one defeat in nine games .
warrington wolves v wigan warriors
the bbc 's robert kiptoo in kenya says it is not a government policy but a rallying cry for african leaders .
data is being collected on all passengers as they leave the uk on scheduled commercial international air , sea and rail routes .
i was close to clocking a couple .
` ` we would like to give a massive big and sincere thank you to speedo mick and all those who have supported him . ''
foul by adama diomande -lrb- hull city -rrb- .
mr valls announced the new aid package during a meeting with student leaders on monday .
` ` a lot of the players at south african teams would prefer playing in the pro12 , '' van rooyen told bbc scotland .
none of the allegations has been proven - but the sun newspaper has started a campaign to have the presenter 's knighthood removed .
her friend kyle pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine vimizim made available on the nhs .
` ` now it 's all about execution and getting it right when it comes to the final . ''
and mcghee says no - one should read too much into a disappointing 1 - 1 friendly draw against canada .
` ` a review of the coaching structure is ongoing ahead of next season and the appointment of jono as head coach is the first part of that process .
deficiencies highlighted by the commission included financial control and management of resources .
his mother danielle cassin is also accused of murder .
corner , leyton orient .
the $ 1.9 bn fund is in addition to the $ 20bn the eu already spends on development assistance in africa every year , mr tusk said .
aron lynas -lrb- brechin city -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
the woman had stepped through the hole in a car tyre and became wedged inside .
it is not clear how exactly the silver - coloured mazda ended up on top of the white volkswagen golf .
the chancellor told the bbc : ` ` the financial leaders of the world 's biggest countries have given their unanimous verdict and they say that a british exit from the eu would be a shock to the world economy .
boyle struck the only goal in the 18th minute after lobbing over graham doyle following a moment of hesitancy in the wexford defence .
a council spokeswoman said : ` ` this was a malicious cyber attack on the council 's website which is hosted in a uk data centre .
kieren moss crossed twice to give the hosts an early lead at craven park before ben heaton scored the first of his four tries for the visitors .
the last eta attack on spanish soil was in majorca in 2009 , when a car bomb killed two civil guard officers .
the uk government 's response to the crisis was to create the upper clyde shipbuilders -lrb- ucs -rrb- in 1968 , which had about 8,500 workers in five yards - fairfield 's and stephens on the south bank , connel 's and yarrow 's on the north bank , and john brown 's at clydebank .
india is not responsible for the military operation in balochistan . ''
the study is published in an issue of plos one on ` ` sauropod gigantism '' .
the Â # 180,000 deal is the lewis - based company 's first with a major supermarket .
after being born with a club foot , smith spent the first three years of his life having his bones broken and reset to correct his foot alignment .
` ` fortunately that cloud actually cleared to allow the police helicopter to attempt to attend should the ambulance not have been able to reach them . ''
barry joy , 56 and daniel timbers , 28 , died in a ` ` fierce fire '' following an explosion at digger bucket maker harford attachments in norwich in 2015 .
the men targeted sites where network rail were carrying out work to upgrade signalling .
` ` it should n't be down to a lack of confidence , '' howe told bbc radio solent .
some production has already been halted at wolfsburg , which makes golfs , and at zwickau where golfs and passats are made .
the shadow attorney general has written to the australian federal police -lrb- afp -rrb- seeking an immediate investigation .
ormsby had already agreed to join giants for the 2017 season , having made two appearances during a one - month loan spell with the club in april .
chairman mao was a political leader both deeply revered and feared and certainly an unlikely subject for the bold colour contrasts of the pop art movement .
` ` it is quite disturbing that a foreign national could get through our border protection with a false passport and i d based on an indian citizen who had trained as a doctor , '' mr hazzard said in a statement .
mr roome was also charged with the attempted murder of mr hayden 's father , paul , 46 , who was also injured .
friday 's premiership report
mrs daley told the court her son had many debts and the recent breakdown of his relationship with his girlfriend had left him ` ` distraught '' .
other thermal anomalies were detected in the upper half of the great pyramid .
jones , 30 , has signed a two - year deal after leaving portsmouth .
in one of the races of the night , dutch 2015 world champion dafne schippers beat olympic champion allyson felix to win the 200 m in 22.12 .
januzaj has scored once for sunderland in seven appearances and was sent off against tottenham earlier this month .
` ` because it 's a massive body , the dynamics could work in a way that the core of that planet would go directly to the core of our planet , and the carbon - rich mantle would mix with earth 's mantle , '' said dr dasgupta .
forest green assistant jamie day told bbc radio gloucestershire :
it has been reported that only 6 % of its fellows - a prestigious title in the world of science - are women .
private rents ` ` eat up '' more than 50 % of a family 's monthly earnings in 23 out of the capital 's 33 boroughs .
and in march , the ex - governor of chihuahua , césar duarte , was declared a fugitive after he disappeared following allegations of corruption .
the gull was taken to a vets where it had to be put to sleep due to the extent of its injuries .
but this meeting - with the official purpose of discussing the g20 summit of world leaders to be held in hamburg in july - is the first trip mrs merkel has made to russia in two years .
on the day defender andrew considine signed a contract extension , mcinnes indicated that he was looking to the future at pittodrie .
warnock says richards has taken longer than expected to return .
the former england winger ends his five years at saracens in the summer to join french top 14 side toulon , and he confessed to feeling sad about his departure .
emotions are running high on both sides of the argument and there will be a need for a calm head at the steering wheel as britain navigates the ` ` bumps in the road '' .
her stories have appeared in the sunday times magazine , the irish times and the dublin review amongst others and she was shortlisted for the bbc national short story award for the first time in 2011 .
following spells at motherwell , cardiff city and doncaster rovers , quinn spent a season with county before joining aberdeen last summer .
` ` ikea has received five incident reports in which a mysingso beach chair collapsed during use due to incorrect re - assembly .
the analysis , published in the journal gut , showed overweight teenagers went on to have twice the risk of bowel cancer .
hibs secured the championship on saturday after beating queen of the south .
those on board had been sent on a peaceful mission to northern ireland to collect supplies of whiskey for a party at the us army air force station at thurleigh in essex .
science central , built on the site of the former scottish and newcastle brewery , has been hailed as one of the uk 's biggest regeneration projects .
val cameron , the channel islands strategic lead for environmental health , said : ` ` the recent survey updates and confirms the information from previous surveys ; this is that radon is associated with the granite geology of the island , and not the construction material of an individual building . ''
now a woman in stranraer has lost money to a caller who said he was contacting her about problems with her internet .
plans for a housing development at the site were rejected and earlier this month the developers sought a council review of the decision .
grappling with african , arabic and islamic identities , many poets like al - saddig al - raddi turn to the nuances of their own heritage in resistance .
the same video depicted him spinning on his head , although it is likely a body double was used for the stunt .
julie bignone nearly died because of sepsis and spent seven weeks in hospital - some of them in a critical condition .
thousands of athletes from around the world will be going for glory on the ice and snow .
` ` by securing the manuscript , we hope that multispectral imaging techniques will enable scholars to recover fully the hidden text . ''
a total of five people have been arrested in the case .
however , president trump is not rowing back on all parts of obama 's deal .
singapore grand prix coverage details
in a week when scotland 's first minister unveiled plans for a possible second referendum on independence , the strength of nationalist sentiment has usually been gauged by polls .
the army has cut more than 20,000 jobs well ahead of the 2018 target .
the crash , involving a red mercedes a180 and a blue vauxhall corsa , happened at about 18:20 on thursday .
he added : ` ` i will continue to work constructively with the finance committee and share as much information as i can to give as much certainty as i can , but that does n't mean we can produce a draft budget . ''
in august , worcestershire signed australia pace bowler john hastings as their main overseas player for the 2017 season across all formats of the game .
` ` he has played european football against top sides , so that 's been a benefit to him and to celtic and to us , '' said strachan .
mr earnest said the administration was ` ` in the final stages of drafting a plan to safely and responsibly -lrb- close -rrb- the prison at guantanamo bay and to present that to congress '' .
officials say it will help form part of a new generation of unmanned drones and works like a smaller version of the b-2 stealth bomber .
ll camps in bushey , hertfordshire , was closed by ofsted last week and director ben lewis has been charged with possessing indecent images of children .
a court in belfast heard he had been assessed by an expert to be a pit bull terrier - type .
the charge follows an alleged incident at parliament in october .
he added : ` ` unfortunately , the government 's current target displays a distinct poverty of ambition . ''
in february 2015 about 200 whales beached themselves at the same location , of which at least half died .
in comments reported by the korea herald , do suggested the north and south could enter one women 's ice hockey team , helping to make pyeongchang a ` ` peace olympics '' .
investigators are examining whether ubs staff broke a french law against ` ` illicit solicitation '' by actively approaching potential clients in france .
he explained this was why astronauts had to exercise regularly in space .
the third marine expeditionary force said they had shifted their operations to recovery efforts , which could last several months .
airdrie went ahead at cliftonhill when andy ryan lashed into the top corner and iain russell doubled their advantage , ross stewart heading one back for albion rovers .
but police said they had seen an increase in the number of collisions on the maxwell road , macadam road junction .
the league two side were expecting about # 18,000 but the funds were paid into a fraudulent account .
` ` i ' m looking forward to playing for a club that plays such a big part in the community . ''
` ` it is one of those plants people are staring to realise is a thug . ''
in short , one of the two issues is fixed but nothing that remains poses any risk to any customer information or card details , '' it told the bbc .
sgt taylor said he was ` ` appalled '' by the ` ` atrocious '' act of fly - tipping and praised the ` ` impressive '' response to his appeal for information on social media .
sir ian mckellen will receive a special prize at this year 's event , to be held at london 's guildhall on 9 october .
the mother of the baby pine marten - also known as a kit - gave birth about a month ago , must have bred while in wales to have become pregnant last year .
a metropolitan police spokesman said the reported car was stopped at 16:00 gmt and the four men inside were arrested .
youngsters buying the lenses may wish to recreate the look of the twilight films and vampire diaries tv show .
on the day of the killing , mr withers , who described himself in police interviews as a paranoid schizophrenic , said he was briefly locked out of his flat , while ms pearce and mr ayres were inside .
the facility will be opened on tuesday .
china has invested heavily in zambian copper mining and other sectors .
the oil firm said revenues in the year fell 27 % to # 1.6 bn as the price of oil continued to fall in 2015 .
the band opened pop recs ltd to sell their own album in 2013 after realising there were few bricks - and - mortar stores left to sell it .
by working together and sharing knowledge ` ` we can vastly improve our resilience to flooding in wales '' , he said .
the lib dem site is now called ` ` theresa may and co '' - but mr yianni said it was still close to the name of his company and he was concerned it was affecting his business .
forwards coach mcbryde assumes head coach responsibilities for the third time after leading wales on tours in 2009 and 2013 .
as well as calling for a ban on unpaid internships , the all party parliamentary group on social mobility wants work experience to be more widely available and ` ` fair and transparent '' .
the deal will make jab the biggest player in the north american single - serve coffee pod market .
uae 's foreign minister said on saturday there would be a ` ` parting of ways '' with qatar if it failed to meet the demands .
responding to the announcement , dr alan mcdevitt , chair of the bma 's scottish gp committee , said it would help to alleviate some of the pressures that gps are facing .
the world championship starts at sheffield 's crucible theatre on saturday , 15 april .
they came after the us army was ordered to allow the construction of the final section of the dakota access pipeline .
the blues ' 4 - 1 third - round win was terry 's first start since october .
yet government critics do n't believe that this sort of conspiracy is the source of scarcity .
mr dodds told the bbc 's question time that northern ireland and the uk could survive quite well outside the eu .
on monday , the court heard mr davies , who runs a valeting business , expressed his disapproval of personal injury claims during an interview about his own .
the head teacher added it was essential to offer incentives to recruit and retain employees and one member of staff used her day to attend events at her children 's school .
it had been due to fly to bournemouth to take part in weekend displays with an raf lancaster bomber .
gilmartin will coach keepers walker and dillon barnes , with ademola bankole leaving the role after more than nine years at the club .
the importance of the european elections in belgium was eclipsed by the general election , in which flemish nationalists came first .
asked if kelly had a future at the club next season , peacock told bbc 's super league show : ` ` it 's all down to albert .
friday 's decision by the 9th circuit court of appeals court followed a ruling by the us supreme court against supporters of the california ban on gay marriage .
since hignett 's last stint on the pools ' touchline , the club has been taken over by jpng - led by chairman gary coxall - from ken hodcroft and ior limited .
` ` a final request is sacred - that 's why we got concerned -lsb- about his cat -rsb- right away , '' it said .
mick 's mother , who is currently with him in hawaii , said she was overwhelmed by the live televised footage of his close encounter with the shark .
mike cherry , policy director at the federation of small businesses , said : ` ` the chancellor has listened to our calls for the tax system to be made simpler for small businesses and the self - employed and taken important action on business rates . ''
i gave him his thank you kiss and more , '' she said .
racism in football has hit the headlines at premiership level recently , but a bbc wales investigation indicates it 's also a feature of the amateur and grassroots game in wales .
he warned the future of the uk could be under threat if the uk government did not listen to the other administrations .
this week 's summit and now , the 24 hours that follow , are shaping up to be some of the most important in david cameron 's political career .
jersey submitted a bid to leave the english fa and join uefa in december 2015 , following the acceptance of gibraltar and kosovo , who are not independent nations .
the video shows snoop shooting the trump character with a gun that releases a flag with the word ` ` bang '' written on it .
his mother , helen stockford , said in a family statement : ` ` we would like to thank the public and the emergency services for all their support on tuesday night .
dorrans told rangers tv : ` ` it feels incredible .
the huts , and the luxury items inside , belong to dairo antonio usuga david , better known as otoniel , one of the most wanted men in colombia .
west has previously collaborated with both rihanna and mccartney , though never before as a trio .
the purpose of this exercise is to ensure nato is ready to conduct anti - submarine warfare .
bbc sport understands that keshi has been set several targets and that his contract will be terminated if he does not meet them .
welsh 's the blade artist , featuring the return of trainspotting character begbie , has been shortlisted for the fiction book of the year award .
` ` it is alarming that the united nations would consider using a character with an overtly sexualized image at a time when the headline news in united states and the world is the objectification of women and girls , '' the petition read .
the championship side but have struggled to pay players ' wages since previously avoiding liquidation in april , and rowland phillips has not been replaced since leaving as head coach .
boruc has been mainly used as a back - up keeper to lukasz fabianski and wojciech szczesny in recent years .
mr morrison suffered head injuries in the incident which occurred in the beer garden at the wetherspoons royal baths pub on parliament street at around 19:30 gmt .
on thursday evening , northern ireland secretary theresa villiers said she would meet unionist and orange order leaders to discuss their call for a commission of inquiry into the issue of parades .
some of the hearings are expected to take place later this year .
the conservative president had the backing of his leftist rival fernando lugo , who was president from 2008 to 2012 and also wants to run again .
scotland international mcculloch was involved with locke in kilmarnock 's preparations for saturday 's friendly against berwick rangers .
mrs sellins said she found out banham funeral services had gone out of business when she attempted to make contact to change a detail about her ceremony .
` ` i believe that sustainable net migration is in the tens of thousands . ''
wigan 's victory , complete with their biggest points haul of the season , leaves four teams separated by only points difference at the top of the table , although catalans and hull both have the opportunity to take over as leaders if they beat wakefield and hull kr respectively on sunday .
` ` i hope to see some really exciting bids for new local tv channels , '' uk culture secretary jeremy hunt said .
he had been reported missing from a property in the nearby milton of drimmie area at 11:15 .
a government consultation on plans for more selective education closed earlier this month .
a tribute released by his family said : ` ` jeremiah was a lovely , quiet , innocent little boy who was always smiling .
same - sex marriage is legal in england , scotland , wales and the republic of ireland , but is banned in northern ireland .
kvitova , 26 , hit 34 winners in a dominant display against halep , overpowering the romanian to reach her first final of 2015 .
the grammy awards are seen as the most important and respected prizes in the music business , so winning one is pretty important !
he is available for bury 's league one season opener as they travel to doncaster on saturday .
nominating officer michelle o'neill said the dup 's actions had ` ` diminished the credibility '' of the political institutions and said it was now ` ` over to the people to have their say '' .
among the tears from those who lost their lives to the river , there was also laughter and cheers from people on the banks as others tried to cross .
the defender has appeared 125 times for napoli during seven years at the serie a club and spent a short spell on loan at bologna at the start of 2016 .
state media focus taiwan cited national security bureau data that showed 97 civil servants went to china between 2004 and 2013 , mainly to pursue doctorates .
cojanu landed a left hook of his own in the 10th round and chased a stoppage win in the 12th .
the double - grand slam winner was also ospreys ' record try - scorer , with 57 touchdowns in 141 matches , and scored late on in his last game for both club and country .
many did n't realise that they were the first passengers to fly in a dreamliner since it was dramatically grounded in january .
contador , also a two - time tour winner -lrb- 2007 and 2009 -rrb- , is yet to win the eight - stage , week - long dauphine , but has twice finished second - in 2010 and 2014 .
but a scan afterwards identified the horse as three - year - old stablemate millie 's kiss , who had been due to run in a later race at the same course .
at least seven people have died over a month of attacks on foreigners and foreign - owned property in south africa .
` ` the problems were compounded by the sharp decline in the value of the pound against the euro , '' she said .
q&a : spain 's corruption scandal
souleymane doukara draws a foul in the penalty area .
a statement on openai 's website said the venture aims ` ` to advance digital intelligence in the way that is most likely to benefit humanity as a whole , unconstrained by a need to generate financial return '' .
` ` lack of experience and confidence is a concern , '' the imb said .
mr holt said : ` ` it is crazy , but it is all about having fun and it is for a great cause . ''
he has twice come close to winning the goncourt prize before , in 1998 and 2005 .
first half extra time ends , real madrid 4 , kashima antlers 2 .
mr mansfield says the school 's success is down to putting extra money into sports , for example , the school employs a professional hockey coach .
mr thomas warned manufacturers that if safety defects were found in semi - autonomous cars , they would have to be recalled , even if the vehicles were capable of receiving over - the - air software updates .
irishman o'brien claimed the ninth and 11th to avoid becoming only the second player to exit without winning a frame , but selby wrapped up the match .
rspb inspector jenny shelton said : ` ` the bird will most likely have been shot at close range to incur this level of damage .
two have been charged with cheating the public revenue , and another person has been charged with false representation and possession of criminal property .
` ` the world is going to spend a lot of time looking to you , mr prime minister '' , he told the canadian leader .
you never said that , but all your friends on facebook think you did because a profile claiming to be you has said it .
the biggest unknown in all of this is when there will be sufficient resources to properly tackle the outbreak .
as a result , anyone buying anything from amazon in the uk makes a payment to the retailer in luxembourg , with the profits taxed there rather than here .
tulauskas had contested a charge of having excess alcohol while on duty as professional master of a ship .
` ` as we were all leaving and hugging goodbye , he whispered in my ear ` she 'll pay for what she 's done ' . ''
officials believe they were trying to reach their grandfather 's farm but crashed five miles short in the town of red house .
bianca jagger , one of sir mick 's former wives , tweeted : ` ` heartbroken to learn of the loss of the lovely and talented l'wren scott .
` ` tommy has had surgery on his ankle and could face 10 weeks out .
gateshead 1 , guiseley 1 .
this followed a television appearance by comedian john oliver in which he urged people to post comments against the proposals on the fcc 's website .
staff at the garden said ` ` it 's going to be incredible '' when the full bloom shows .
july 2016 - edf board approves final investment decision , but the uk government postpones a final decision on the project until autumn .
currently britain does not have a national bird , but ornithologist david lindo believes that should change .
match ends , bristol rovers 1 , peterborough united 4 .
not that there was any hint in garissa this week , that the militants were succeeding .
chinese immigrants are the fifth biggest foreign community in spain with almost 170,000 people as of 2015 , according to the national statistics institute .
` ` the best way to turn our season around would be to beat linfield on saturday . ''
spieth admitted afterwards that he had struggled to sleep on saturday night , self - effacingly pointing to his prematurely receding hairline as an indication of the stress he has been under .
` ` when i see an interview like he 's just done with dan roan , i just feel this guy has n't changed one iota .
more than 1,300 people fled middletown , north of san francisco , as their homes were consumed by the flames .
known as rate - booster schemes , this enabled companies to avoid corporation tax by diverting profits made in the uk to foreign subsidiaries .
he added that they have done so ` ` in a spirit of openness and goodwill , evidenced in the success of the twelfth here in rossnowlagh . ''
it leaves the gulls four points from safety with a game in hand , but colin gordon 's harriers are now 11 points off 20th - placed boreham wood with nine games left .
more than 100 bridges were damaged by floods in west yorkshire and a bridge partially collapsed in tadcaster in north yorkshire .
the grey seal was found at cruden bay on tuesday .
the health board said a number of cases had been confirmed in the community , including in care homes .
while nobody tells anyone exactly what to do , the unspoken understanding is that you do n't mess up the house .
a man , 26 , from amesbury was arrested on saturday on suspicion of arson .
sian phillips leads the cast of sheffield theatres ' revival of arthur miller 's playing for time from 12 march - 4 april at the crucible .
argentina have four games left in qualifying , with their next match against third - placed uruguay on 31 august .
he has since played in 159 games for the club , but has been limited to just one appearance this season .
the fbi has asked apple to disable a feature that means the data on an iphone is erased after 10 incorrect attempts at the four - digit password .
furthermore , the ruling said the government had erred in law by fixing compliance dates based on over - optimistic modelling of pollution levels .
the isle of wight council welcomed the plan and said it was currently in discussion with hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of sandown beach for the service .
the robot has now been on mars for three earth years .
with six rookies among europe 's line - up , lawrie hopes his two ryder cups as a player - both in america - will be beneficial to the team .
paramedics were called to attend a sudden death at joe 's bar in dungiven at 06:00 bst on 6 october 2014 , limavady magistrates court was told .
work to clear up the damage is continuing and the rspb said it hoped to open the reserves in the spring .
the coventry festival of motoring , which attracted 40,000 visitors in 2014 , has had ? ?
` ` christmas time is the worst time of year for fat blocking our sewers because of all the turkey grease that gets washed away .
wells , 23 , impressed in the t20 blast last season , scoring 373 runs at 28.69 - with a strike rate of 138.66 .
more to follow
the schedule of play and scores will appear below , with detailed bbc coverage information available here .
the preseli pembrokeshire mp is backing calls from scottish tory leader ruth davidson for theresa may to adopt a more flexible approach that achieves a consensus across parties .
five us experts share their thoughts on rebuilding trust between black american communities and the police .
that is despite losing its top - selling carmaker status to volkswagen in 2016 ,
oil - related shares retreated on lower crude prices , with anadarko petroleum losing 0.5 % and halliburton down 1 % .
` ` whereas if you put 4,000 house in a new village you can actually plan the proper infrastructure in for the village -lsb- and -rsb- it 's relieving the pressure on the health centres and the schools in other parts of the district . ''
former members said the unit had shot people who may have been unarmed .
this strike , and the death of saif al - arab , have produced little military result at the greatest diplomatic and symbolic cost to nato .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 3 january and 10 february .
in a joint statement , the singapore environment council -lrb- sec -rrb- and consumers association of singapore -lrb- case -rrb- said they had asked the retailers to declare that they have ` ` not procured or used wood , paper and/or pulp materials '' from firms accused of contributing to the fires .
the defendant , also known as mikaeel ibrahim , became a close associate of convicted hate preacher choudary , founder of the banned organisation al - muhajiroun , of which coe was a member .
joseph fox photographed the mudlarkers who comb the shore of london 's river thames .
a special vote was launched on the cbbc website to see if kids think it 's better to help bullies or punish them .
in the meantime , both the us and israel have been awarded a 10 - 0 win and three points each for the unplayed matches .
the petition.parliament.uk site is designed to help people get issues on the political agenda and open up a ` ` new dialogue '' with mps and ministers .
sakho , 27 , admitted taking the substance without liverpool 's knowledge but contended it was not on the banned list , which was supported by the report into the case by uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body .
` ` the findings are particularly worrying because seven - year - olds are likely to become less active as they get older , not more . ''
` ` when you are online you 're not getting eye contact with people or perceiving how body language is changing , so as a result what people are saying can be misinterpreted .
ola has now said that she knows people will believe how it was reported by the daily mail even if it was n't true .
he added : ` ` it was a moment of madness .
wyre forest district council granted planning permission for the water park , including seven slides .
` ` we 're releasing the cctv images of a volvo seen in the area .
a statement on the agency 's website states : ` ` it is almost politically incorrect to request someone to work for you that is both attractive as well as professionally equipped with the right set of skills .
the office of rail and road -lrb- orr -rrb- wants train companies to refund passengers who accidentally buy tickets that are too expensive for their journey .
the group had entered a small mcdonalds branch in zhaoyuan in shandong province last may soliciting phone numbers and hoping to recruit members to their cult .
the maximum penalty for vandalism is a fine of s$ 2,000 -lrb- Â # 958 : $ 1,461 -rrb- or up to three years in jail , in addition to three to eight strokes of the cane .
oliver could make his debut at york on saturday .
rics chief economist simon rubinsohn said : ` ` the results for the survey suggest that the commercial property market in scotland has failed to attract investor interest despite an increase in occupier demand for commercial property in the last quarter .
` ` the government has a great deal of questions to answer over why it is proposing to close a well - loved and historic barracks in a vitally important military town .
the availability of toilets on skye has been raised previously .
he said the hardening position of labour and the conservatives on coalition deals meant a minority government after 7 may would be more unstable - and ` ` controversial '' policies would cause it to fail .
it 's a benefit to the game in this country to have a club the size of hibs back in the top flight .
mr corbyn has said he only wants the backing of ` ` genuine labour '' supporters after claims some ` ` hard left '' sympathisers and conservatives were registering for Â # 3 just in order to back him .
` ` it works on a very important issue : the storing of renewable energy in a transportable form and in a form which can actually be used . ''
in the end , a political decision was taken not to get involved in a scrap with vice - chancellors .
the latter 's break down the left saw fontaine send his clearance straight to schalk , who finished from close range to secure the first major trophy in county 's history .
the wing of an american airlines plane clipped the tail of a southwest airlines plane , while both were on the taxiway .
baroness tanni grey - thompson , who won 11 paralympic gold medals , will be part of the radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra team which provides more than 80 hours of live coverage of the paralympics .
he did his national service with the green howards , a regiment with close connections to the north - east of england .
he began to make the economic case for independence more loudly , and shift perceptions of the party as a bunch of narrow ` ` little scotland '' nationalists .
cambridge , who are 14th in league two , beat luton 2 - 1 at the abbey stadium in the third round .
samuel ward scored a goal either side of half - time to set up the victory , before henry weir made sure of the result in the final quarter .
as part of the prosecution 's summing up , medical examiners gave graphic details of the injuries suffered by those who died in the attack .
is militants captured the ancient city of palmyra last may .
ukip now has 28 members , but remains the largest party on the council .
tettey , who scored a ` ` toe - poke '' against manchester united last month , side - footed home to give norwich a 1 - 0 win .
police have issued a call for help in tracing the pickup truck and the suspect , who is described as a white male aged between 30 and 40 with blonde hair and a medium build .
following an appeal on social media , the canine with ` ` a heart of gold '' has found a new forever family .
the social enterprise company behind the project , braveheart industries -lrb- bhi -rrb- , operates the airstream - style food truck providing training , mentoring and support for offenders who have made a commitment to change their lives away from violence and crime .
the 24-year - old , played stormtrooper finn in star wars : the force awakens , and was a member of theatre peckham 's company from age nine to 14 .
the justice department put out a new policy allowing native american tribes to grow and sell marijuana in a similar way to some us states like colorado in 2014 .
the ulster unionists announced they will form an opposition .
in 1982 , he was convicted of the woman 's rape and murder and sent to death row .
the work was approved by bristol city council in november .
` ` he has therefore been persuaded to withdraw his resignation and remains leader of ukip , '' a party statement said .
gb led 35 - 24 on lawrence 's three in the second quarter but the dutch took the lead early in the third .
` ` to have three full houses over 19 days for england matches is something we ' ve very proud of , '' said morris .
raonic , who is ranked 14th in the world , had only beaten federer once in their previous 10 encounters .
taking second preferences into account the poll , of 1,054 people eligible to vote in the contest and carried out between friday and tuesday , pointed to a 6 % corbyn victory .
both men remain in custody .
the council said the scale of cuts it would need to make by 2019 had risen to # 134 m - an increase on the # 123 m it predicted in 2014 .
rogers was named at midfield for the mckenna cup final and the match video suggested he may have been caught by mccann 's right elbow immediately after challenging for the initial throw - in .
he was jailed for four - and - years by lady wolffe with an additional 18 months for the charge he admitted .
bearded dragons greet each other by waving a front leg and will often greet their owner in the same way .
fresh off the back of their win in the world wheelchair basketball , the team is back together , practising and getting ready for their next competition .
the woman , who has not been named , was operating a paramotor - a motorised paraglider - when she had a ` ` very close encounter '' with an airbus a400 m near andover , hampshire , in july , the uk airprox board -lrb- ukab -rrb- said .
a robbery at a shop on coast road in ballygally in county antrim was reported about 15 minutes later .
the petition is asking for ` ` urgent action '' to be taken to tackle high volumes of non - local traffic using the b3086 through shrewton , a 20 mph speed limit to be introduced and better signage to be installed .
mr eastwood has been nominated by nine party branches to challenge the sdlp leader .
the conservative msp told the bbc 's good morning scotland programme that the inquiry aimed to be ` ` open - minded '' about how closing the gap could affect the economy .
the new zealander 's second try of the night gave the hosts a first home win of the season , and they are now just one point off 11th - placed huddersfield .
the finance ministry suspects ` ` unscrupulous '' people have been trying to get around the crackdown by sending proxies to exchange their banned rupee notes .
det insp alan o ' brien , of police scotland , said ` ` this is a particularly vicious attack on a disabled man in his own home and we would ask anyone who saw or heard anything suspicious in the meadowbank terrace area in the early hours of monday morning is asked to contact police immediately .
` ` we are confident that we can find a way forward that will result in the successful nomination of a first minister next week , '' it said .
` ` without this , compliance loopholes are left open to those who treat endangered animals as a financial commodity . ''
wales are currently second in euro 2016 qualifying group b , behind belgium on goal difference .
of course , there can be many other factors to consider with mental health problems and it is always worth getting advice from a qualified healthcare professional .
we ended up with the extraordinary situation of a labour mp , ann clwyd , being criticised by the labour first minister , carwyn jones , for failing , in his view , to provide evidence to back up her claims .
a higher proportion of children in wales aged 11 to 16 were drinking alcohol than in england or scotland .
` ` elton is incredibly disappointed to postpone these tour dates , '' he said .
simpson had beaten egypt 's karim ali fathi in the opening round .
the aaib concluded all the problems - bar the escape chute - stemmed from the loose connection possibly caused by the over - tightened nut .
forest , two - time european cup winners under brian clough in 1979 and 1980 , who also guided the club to its four league cup titles , last featured in european competition in the 1995 - 96 season , reaching the uefa cup quarter - finals .
last week ex - england striker teddy sheringham registered himself as a player for stevenage - where he is manager - at the age of 49 but opted out of playing in a local cup competition .
` ` i came into south africa this morning and i will return as soon as my life is not in danger .
in a trading update for the 10 months to 30 october , edinburgh - based menzies said : ` ` within the aviation division , service levels at london gatwick have been restored .
` ` you can imagine a situation post - brexit where uk universities are operating as aggressively in europe as they are in china and india and elsewhere , chris husbands , vice - chancellor of sheffield hallam university , told the guardian newspaper .
diamond said there is no urgency to bring in players and that he was happy with the way the club plans to bring in recruitments .
on thursday , a fire engineer told the hearing there was ` ` no compelling evidence '' it started in the dryer but he could not rule it out .
` ` also , the teenager wants to reap without sowing if he wants to be a beggar in dubai to make money . ''
the 56 players who still have to finish their opening rounds will do so early on friday before the second round takes place .
lawnmowers , a scarifier and a turfer were taken from the lockerbie site some time between 09:00 on thursday and the same time on friday .
hend , 43 , carded a one - over - par 73 to finish on nine under after the third round at wentworth .
liverpool 's goalkeeping weaknesses have been exposed by errors from mignolet 's deputy adam bogdan in the 3 - 0 defeat at watford and the 2 - 2 fa cup draw at exeter .
in addition , couples need to have been in a stable relationship for two years and neither partner can smoke for three months before treatment begins .
left - leaning young voters in the uk frequently made the labour leader ed miliband the top trend on twitter and other social sites during last year 's general election , as part of the hashtag # milifandom campaign .
for now there is continuing poverty and , in the view of mr dimoulas , greece may ` ` have still further to fall '' .
` ` cannabis will be dispensed in pharmacies starting in the month of july , '' presidential aide juan andres roballo told a press conference .
the council 's corporate director of resources , don mclure , said there was a ` ` real risk '' that , under the present contracts , other council employees could make claims for equal pay with the teaching assistants .
` ` the court granted our appeal , and ordered the scottish government to pay all our costs .
the gigantic floating town has earned the title of world 's largest cruise ship .
with more than 90 musicians , just getting the ensemble across the atlantic is a ` ` daunting and exciting '' task - one that falls to the bso 's concert operations manager , sarah radcliffe - marrs .
facebook has previously responded to a letter submitted by the group , but has not yet replied to the latest one .
the whole family travelled around to watch the matches , but not since 1989 .
shares in toshiba fell 9.8 % on reports it was expecting record losses for the year to march .
` ` the proposals as they stand -lsb- in the bill -rsb- , fall well short of what is required , '' he said .
edinburgh airport later confirmed that a pilot had reported a laser pen incident during the plane 's descent .
pierre fillon , president of the automobile club de l'ouest , which organises the le mans race , said : ` ` it was with emotion that we all learned this morning about audi 's decision to withdraw from endurance racing .
few directors have captured the electricity and excitement of live performance better than jonathan demme .
the national farmers ' federation -lrb- nff -rrb- had called on the government to strengthen drought assistance measures that were announced earlier this year .
petrol bombs were thrown at police and water cannon was deployed .
they want to talk to people who were in the club or in the immediate area on saturday night or early sunday morning and witnessed the disturbance .
mr rajoy and other pp members have repeatedly denied that they received illegal payments .
according to a 19-page indictment , mr hamidullin served as an officer in the soviet army during the war in afghanistan in the 1970s-80s .
torino striker andrea belotti scored his 24th serie a goal of the season , keeping him joint top with dzeko in the golden boot race .
it added : ` ` everyone knows that the contributors on have i got news for you regularly make jokes at the expense of politicians of all parties . ''
` ` a badge and card could help make a real difference to the lives of people undergoing drug treatment or with longer term conditions or disabilities . ''
entrants include several cartoonists from the us and the uk .
translink has previously described the refurbished trains as a ` ` major milestone '' in its # 12.2 m ni railways upgrade programme .
king bhumibol never wavered in his endorsement of the crown prince .
his business has since grown , along with the popularity of mead in the us .
in italy , the unemployment rate rose to 9.2 % in january , the highest since monthly records began , the national statistics agency istat said .
elizabeth timar , 18 , was last seen near blackpool sands at 19:45 bst on monday .
here 's the lowdown ...
det con nicol mcpherson said : ` ` this was a violent attack that took place in broad daylight which left this man with a serious leg injury .
so its a crucial building block of the roll - out programme .
the famous cold war nuclear warplane crossed woodford aerodrome near stockport , where it was made in the 1960s , at about 15:20 bst .
the hosts are making their first appearance in the finals while spain have been runners - up in three of the last four uefa under-19 women 's tournaments .
the new facility should be complete by spring 2015 and bosses say it will create 100 jobs over five years .
it is unclear if the flu - like illness caused the death .
he said that while same - sex marriage was a matter for devolved government at stormont , he hoped that the law would change .
the teaching assistant , of longfield estate in bermondsey , who is believed to be the baby 's father , denies the charge and will face a trial in november .
this one features the ceos of some of world 's largest corporations with big operations in the region , like the us retailing giant walmart .
the public broadcaster said officials made a number of arrests and two canadians remain in prison .
inside oscar pistorius 's home
he said sending messages that were sexually explicit and degrading to her colleagues while on duty in a clinical setting made her actions ` ` even more unacceptable '' .
processed meat has been placed into group 1 as the scientific evidence says it definitely does cause cancer .
ms johnson was born in st george 's road , hull , on 1 july 1903 .
but rising cotton and wool prices mean it is unlikely that uniform prices can fall any further , neil saunders , of verdict research , said .
a copa airlines flight 208 crew member closed the emergency door and the plane taxied to its gate , where all remaining passengers alighted without incident , the panama - based airline said in a statement on tuesday .
thousands of rail enthusiasts flocked to see the locomotive on route with fans venturing on the tracks to catch a glimpse of the engine as it passed by .
he 's now planning on trying to bring one of them to the surface .
he also drew for the british sci - fi and fantasy comic 2000ad , where he was perhaps best - known for his work as an artist on judge dredd .
the ` ` out '' side of the argument will have no option but to attack his personal credibility .
he asked for mcnab to be spared jail and said he would engage with a treatment programme for sex offenders .
the study , published in the journal cell reports , details cancers growing in the lungs , intestines , and liver before spreading around the body .
the restaurant began serving puppy platters after a new law was introduced allowing dogs to eat at restaurants - as long as they were outdoors !
after their relegation from the national league was confirmed following defeat by dover athletic , southport beat promotion - chasing forest green rovers - only their third win of 2017 .
about half a dozen tours that involve zoos are being dropped from the firm 's roster of 3,500 possible trips .
miriam briddon died after the collision involving her fiat punto and a volkswagen golf driven by gareth entwhistle near ciliau aeron .
it is a particular problem in more affluent countries , with sleep experts linking it to the use of mobile phones and computers in bedrooms late at night .
both leaders celebrated their 90th birthdays .
but , after three matches with the red rose county , they will face cheshire in the final after they beat lancashire 27 - 11 in their decisive clash at fylde .
alves , who netted 21 goals in his eight years at barca , wrote a message for the clubs fans on instagram when it was announced he would leave the club .
gdf suez has already built up more than 50 licences in the central and southern north sea and west of shetland .
as a team , we 're all not playing as we can and that 's evident in the results that are coming for us .
conor burns held the seat of bournemouth west with 20,155 votes and christopher chope retained christchurch for the conservatives with 28,887 .
it is a tale of billions of pounds for schools , hospitals and transport projects .
collymore , 46 , expressed an interest in the role at a meeting with forest owner fawaz al hasawi on tuesday .
the militants believe that islam is the only religion that must be adopted by the followers of other faiths .
darren carter came close for the hosts but hit the side netting after rounding the grimsby backline .
following on , he then made 68 in surrey 's 166 - 3 to keep hampshire at bay and prompt handshakes at 16:50 bst .
he said the us was ` ` working closely '' with china to engage north korea .
kompany , who had thigh surgery during the summer , was making his first appearance since may 4 .
the council is buying water from a landscaping firm which already supplies water from a natural lake source , to maintain the borough 's open spaces .
` ` people might see the result and say ` northern ireland lost 2 - 0 , what a poor result that is ' but they do n't see how we ' ve played .
in a strongly - worded statement on tuesday , malaysia 's communications minister salleh said keruak said 1mdb had undergone extensive audits , some by international firms , and that billions of dollars ` ` simply could not have been misappropriated under such conditions '' .
the portrait accompanies the northern sinfonia 's new season , which includes a series of concerts called reclaiming mozart .
` ` we are going to deploy divers from police scotland to remove these objects . ''
doull emulated fellow welshman geraint thomas , who won at the 2008 and 2012 olympics , by helping great britain win team pursuit gold in world record time .
the find was made by the gemini planet imager -lrb- gpi -rrb- , which looks for young planets orbiting bright nearby stars .
at least 44 more have been injured in the crush , which was reportedly triggered by a road accident .
the un has set up two taskforces to deal with those issues , and clearly wants the opposition and government representatives to concentrate on a political settlement , our correspondent adds .
in a statement , the club said : ` ` rimmo was a true club legend and a man who represented the club with the upmost pride and dedication throughout his life . ''
the study found that 40 % of scotland 's empty shops have remained vacant for more than three years .
john morley , 29 , of deanstown , finglas west , is alleged to have carried out a sustained weekend attack at the chimney corner hotel in mallusk .
the two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the government concerning the rights of eu citizens and parliamentary approval for a brexit deal .
but no party was able to form a majority government and tds have so far failed to elect a taoiseach .
in this study , british researchers looked at the impact of an extreme drought event in 1995 on butterfly species .
` ` we have the sure capability to attack in an overall and practical way the americans in the pacific operation theatre , '' he said .
the prosecutor put it to him that it was obvious the men intended to travel to syria to fight .
` ` by scheduling a debate on these petitions , the committee is not expressing a view on whether or not the government should exclude donald trump from the uk , '' she said .
australian police searched overnight for the crocodile and the seized boy .
last month , the ministry of justice said there were 119 self - inflicted deaths in prisons in england and wales in 2016 - 29 more than the previous year and the highest number since records began in 1978 .
the scottish tories have previously suggested those who fail to show for appointments on a certain number of occasions could face some sanction from the health board .
` ` i asked myself several questions and the desire to reach a major championship was one of them , '' she said .
kenya is preparing legislation to curb cyber crime and regulate social media , and has been accused of plotting to use the law to shut down social media .
kirsty parkes , who was a history and english teacher at a school in west lothian , can not apply to be re - registered for one year .
` ` it is an incredible coincidence that in this particular case the interview notes have gone missing , '' he said .
watch leah 's report to find out more ...
the celebration at smo - scotland 's national centre for gaelic language and culture , and which offers a jon schueler residency scholarship - includes talks on schueler 's life and work and an exhibition of selected pieces from his time in mallaig .
` ` we 're keen to cut our teeth outside of london , and our growth plans in the long term are quite big , '' says ms black .
` ` if i could design an industrial strategy it would start in the primary schools , '' he said , adding that about a quarter of children leaving primary schools are ` ` illiterate and innumerate '' by modern employment standards .
wales 's win over fiji saw them move to the top of pool a on 13 points - four ahead of australia and seven in front of england .
members of the public have been leaving tributes and flowers at the gates of the palace to mark the anniversary of diana 's death .
but wootton 's late goal rescued a point and prevented the visitors from taking their first win in eight games .
` ` why it was precisely these people who entered into the list ... is simple - it was done in answer to the sanctions campaign which has been waged in relation to russia by several states of the european union , '' the official , who was not named , told russian news agency tass .
philippa langley , from the richard iii society , is not against the play but is opposed to it being performed in leicester cathedral .
` ` llorente is wonderful at heading the ball , '' he said .
warwickshire chief executive neil snowball said : ` ` josh and alex have big futures here at edgbaston .
megan bannister , 16 , from leicester , was dead before the collision between a car and a motorbike in enderby , leicestershire , on sunday , said police .
there were 5,423 assaults on prison staff in the 12 months to the end of march - a rise of 40 % on last year , the ministry of justice said .
he was seized by al - qaeda in the islamic maghreb -lrb- aqim -rrb- along with two other men , one of whom was freed in a dawn raid in 2015 .
brexit will cast uncertainty over the next five years , says carwyn jones .
it is estimated more than a million people in the uk are admitted to hospital as a result of a head injury every year .
there have been a number of high profile shootings of unarmed black men in us cities in recent months .
` ` the eu reaffirms its full support for georgia 's territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders . ''
watson 's early departure comes less than a month after her first - round defeat in straight sets at the us open .
after a trial , the jury found him guilty on the lesser charge of death by careless driving .
the biopic will also feature two child actors as the younger dame barbara .
other bolivian officials have urged the brazilian authorities to return her , with one saying ms castedo was trying to escape justice .
as a result , the uk 's food and drink trade deficit - the difference between how much the uk imports and exports - actually widened 19 % to # 6.2 bn in the quarter .
world rugby , the game 's global governing body , has been running a separate trial of goggles for players with sight problems at all levels of the game .
trading volumes were thin on the last day of the year .
she featured as an expert on the bbc during the 2014 pistorius trial .
he blamed the unrest on ` ` a hardened criminal population that occupies the immigration detention centre '' .
there were 105 episodes of the multi - award winning tv show , the man from u.n.c.l.e , with the first series broadcast in black - and - white .
burton albion 0 , cardiff city 1 .
police said the elderly man was spotted in the water at leith at about 22:00 on wednesday .
the latest death follows the fatal shooting of thomas baker at stanley meat market in old swan on friday and highlighted a ` ` serious escalation '' of gang violence in liverpool , police said .
pawlowski , from pembroke dock , admitted possessing a knife and confirmed his earlier guilty plea to sexual assault .
racing greyhounds are tattooed on their right ears , and it is believed the ear was cut off to destroy identification information .
` ` in his death , dumfries has to mourn the loss of a distinguished and devoted son , '' wrote the dumfries and galloway standard .
england 's collapse was the third worst by any team who have been 100 - 0 in test history .
the law firm was brought in 15 months ago to investigate alleged irregularities in the sale of the authority 's former properties .
former sas soldier lofty wiseman who helped train patterson , described him as a ` ` good lad '' who had been naive .
at least 18 local authorities could see the first groups of people arriving before christmas , cosla said .
mr osborne said : ` ` the uk and german economies are the beating heart of europe , the engine for growth and jobs .
it was the 30-year - old 's first triumph since a stage win on the 2015 vuelta a castilla y leon and his team 's first grand tour stage for two years .
` ` i do n't see that much these days of trying to share the gospel in 140 characters , '' says kevin bennett of christian media group premier .
a gwent police spokesman said : ` ` officers are investigating the circumstances surrounding the fire ... which is believed to have been deliberately set . ''
the new data shows that asteroid 2004 bl86 is about 325 m across , and its moon is around 70 m wide .
launched in 2015 , virgin 's project lightning is designed to connect about four million more uk homes and businesses to broadband speeds of 300mbs .
tutton , 19 , claimed bronze in the 100 m women 's breaststroke race won by world record holder ruta meilutyte .
a team of researchers say they ' ve come up with a new exercise that cuts the risk of kids getting hurt when playing rugby .
some analysts had speculated that a second member of the bank 's monetary policy committee might vote in favour of a rate rise .
the victim was awoken in the early hours of the morning by cox forcing his way into her flat , the court heard .
she added : ` ` ben flynn is a dangerous predator who preyed on a young boy via social media before arranging to meet with him so that he could satisfy his own depraved urges . ''
officers fired tyre - deflation rounds at the raiders ' mercedes after they tried to ram a police car to escape .
the attack took place in the schoenleinstrasse underground station in the southern berlin district of neukoelln at about 02:00 -lrb- 01:00 gmt -rrb- on christmas day .
coleman , 46 , went on to lead wales to a first major international tournament for 58 years and even surpassed rivals england in reaching the quarter - final stages of euro 2016 .
writing in the financial times , liu xiaoming made clear that the stakes here are high by linking government approval for hinkley point to the future of the relationship which is he said a ` ` crucial historical juncture '' .
a charity called ifaw appealed for the public to sew tiny mittens , to help protect koalas that had burned paws .
black panther will be released in february 2018 .
source : bbc / ten tors
cerberus has said that the sales process for the loan portfolio was ` ` conducted with full integrity '' on its part .
it was originally hoped the queensferry crossing could open by december 2016 .
a third -lrb- 32 % -rrb- of these youngsters say their parents are not aware that they check their mobile device after going to bed .
the estonian language is closely related to finnish and - more distantly - hungarian , but not to the indo - european languages of the two other baltic states - latvia and lithuania - or russian for that matter .
32,000 to hunt lions in the wild .
in 2013 , mr odinga challenged the presidential results in the supreme court and lost .
douglas carswell mp agreed , saying , although he was firmly against the death penalty , he was in favour of parliament debating it and would support a referendum on whether it should be brought back .
muir , who finished fifth in last year 's world championships , now holds the scottish 1500 m and mile records .
now three owner li - ka shing 's move for o2 means it is likely there will be three giants in charge of our phones and the prices we pay to use them .
collins has won seven grammy awards , six brit awards , an oscar and two golden globes .
` ` uk organisations must use the remaining time to prepare for gdpr compliance before may next year , '' said stewart room , an expert in global cybersecurity and data protection at pwc .
there are two potential issues they might want to respond to in the short term : the stability of the -lrb- commercial -rrb- banks and swings in exchange rates .
mcinnes warns that maribor will be accomplished and dangerous opponents in the first leg of the third qualifying round tie on thursday at pittodrie .
ollie norburn -lrb- macclesfield town -rrb- is shown the yellow card .
a welsh government spokesman said : ` ` we made clear at the time of the draft budget that as a result of the low take up of the pilot mytravelpass , our intention was to develop a new discount scheme for young people that learned the lessons of the pilot and which could encourage more young people to use the bus network .
roger stone , a trump associate who also worked in 1972 for the notorious committee to re - elect the president , told the new york times : ` ` somewhere dick nixon is smiling . ''
eastleigh have also announced that tyler garratt 's loan from league two leaders doncaster rovers has been extended until 29 april .
it accused senior un officials of abusing their authority by failing to take action over allegations of abuse by soldiers from france , equatorial guinea and chad .
however , according to former united manager sir alex ferguson , rooney asked for a transfer towards the end of last season .
hundreds attended a rally to ` ` celebrate the work of durham 's teaching assistants '' .
the appeal against the custodial sentence is scheduled to be heard at bristol crown court on friday .
a number of men were detained by immigration enforcement officers .
he was on the verge of completing a computer science degree at perugia university when he met amanda knox , an exchange student from seattle , at a classical music concert in october 2007 .
finally , sgt romesha helped wounded troops to withdraw to a safe location and recovered the bodies of two soldiers who died in the attack .
two main areas have already been deemed suitable for development in guernsey .
the rate rose from # 112 per week to # 156 .
said : ` ` as the uk 's only member - owned energy supplier , we put our customers at the heart of everything we do and their interests first .
the weir , built as a permanent wooden structure to catch fish as the tide ebbed , was found by chance on the shore of southampton water in 2005 .
staff in jobcentres , banks , building societies and utility companies in england could also be trained to spot - and counsel - vulnerable people .
in a statement , real madrid said the majority of the 51 players that world football 's governing body had asked for information on were exempt from regulations for various reasons .
bradford coroner 's court heard asad had told a boy - who can not be identified - a number of things , including that he felt ` ` unsafe '' in school and was ` ` going to skive for a very long time . ''
the shroud is displayed in a climate - controlled case for 12 hours a day in turin 's cathedral of st john the baptist .
at the recent cornwall council elections four mebyon kernow councillors were re - elected .
a short time later , another man and a woman were assaulted in licensed premises on castle street .
` ` i am not retracting my remarks , i am simply making a clarification because they were misinterpreted , '' he said , adamant that he was referring not to the start of the war but to the catastrophe in poland .
the sexism spilled over into their tv appearances , and the band shudder as they recall a traumatic top of the pops taping .
new zealand was one of the original nations involved in the tpp , which if a deal is concluded will create a ` ` mega regional '' bloc with a combined gdp of $ 28 trillion .
the bodies were found by police and paramedics after they were called to the house on station road in shirebrook at about 22:10 gmt on friday .
a provisional charge of drug dealing has been lodged against him .
the pay threshold will apply to people wanting to remain permanently after more than five years working in the uk .
as flames neared the seaside resort of calampiso , fishermen and boat - owners were drafted in to aid the evacuation .
in 1990 , the vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date , which was subject to agreement with other christian churches and governments .
bannigan rejected a new contract at firhill along with defender danny seanborne , but osman signed a new two - year deal .
rowe ended the race four hours , 35 minutes and 52 seconds behind froome as he toiled in order to help the team sky leader claim his third successive title .
` ` arsenal football club has nothing to do with any of our media outlets .
second half ends , stevenage 3 , doncaster rovers 4 .
` ` paul o'connell is a talismanic leader and to follow him would be a massive honour , '' hooker best said .
aweys faqey , from north london , was arrested at the airport , north - east of london , on 23 may .
they have not been in the second tier of english football since being relegated in 2005 .
a recent survey of nearly 1,000 children and young people in wales by the children and young people 's assembly for wales : funky dragon - an umbrella organisation promoting the rights of young people - appeared to show the scale of cyberbullying .
he spent part of last season on loan at stevenage and has also spent time with luton and preston .
scunthorpe host the cod army on saturday .
he said the drive to attract tourists contributed to an ` ` unsustainable '' rise in callouts - from 34 in august 2015 to 43 in august 2016 .
it has long been suggested that the suppression of the mau mau was more brutal in nature than the action taken against other colonial uprisings across the british empire .
speaking to the bbc , carter cash said : ` ` there is more music to be released that is unheard , there are some great recordings .
the idea of the uk paying for tariff - free access to the eu 's internal market has been mooted in recent days .
the 28-year - old 's contract with korona kielce in his homeland had expired and grzelak has also played for wisla plock , dolcan zabki and podbeskidzie bielsko - biala .
on his return to earth , he says the first meal he 'd like to eat is pizza .
however , in the play - off in japan they were comprehensively beaten 5 - 1 by slovakia - a team they had only lost 1 - 0 to in friday 's final pool game .
a foreign office spokesman said : ` ` we are aware that a british national has received a custodial sentence in the united arab emirates .
here is what david cameron said : ` ` just as our forebears effectively brought gas , electricity and water to all , we 're going to bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it . ''
damon smith is accused of unlawfully and maliciously making or having in his possession an explosive substance with intent to endanger life or cause serious injury to property .
these chilly waters hold more co2 and increasing levels of the gas are turning them acidic more rapidly than the rest of the world .
certainly criticism of the fairtrade system is mounting in the cocoa industry , says dr steve davies of the institute of economic affairs .
in 2007 , energy suppliers signed a voluntary commitment promising not to back - bill domestic customers for energy used more than 12 months previously , if the supplier was at fault .
the a465 hereford road has been shut in both directions but it was expected to reopen on thursday evening .
hilfiger said : ` ` the suggestion that i thought -lsb- hadid -rsb- was n't thin enough upsets me to no end .
o'driscoll , who had only been england under-19s head coach since september , added : ` ` i am excited to be joining one of the world 's most iconic football clubs .
el bakhtaoui raced on to a ryan wallace ball to score his first , before scoring a stunning 30-yard volley from michael paton 's cross .
` ` there is a big audience for these awards shows ... and i have to say i ' m very proud to be a part of the arts community .
it ruled tht the government was acting unlawfully and unconstitutionally when it introduced the fees .
a psni spokesman said no further details about the case were being made available at present .
i did n't think that was possible for a guy like me .
she was informed bbc look east editor nikki o'donnell was the ` ` organisation 's press spokesperson '' , the tribunal was told .
get live news updates from the borders and dumfries and galloway throughout the day on our south of scotland live page service .
mr rubio , who has come second in several recent contests , mounted a series of attacks on mr trump .
a statement on her twitter account on monday said : ` ` charlotte and jonny are very sad to announce that they lost their baby .
he says : ` ` the midlands has some of the finest scenery and watersports that you could avail of anywhere in the world .
there are more than 400 women currently taking legal action against scottish health boards and manufacturers as a result of mesh implant surgery .
doctors realised maia collingswood needed the transplant after her father dan revealed he also had the procedure in 1997 .
ludlow 's side added a final gloss to the scoreline as ward slid in from rachel rowe 's pass to complete her hat - trick .
while this happens , measurements are made of the characteristics of the metal , all without the complicating effects of gravity risking the integrity of the research .
at least two key leaders of the pakistani taliban have been killed in earlier us drone strikes this year .
` ` the government must fully fund the necessary pay increases for teachers and school leaders in both england and wales . ''
strachan would not be drawn on his future following last week 's 3 - 0 defeat by england .
but hodgson said : ` ` every time someone scores a goal and he 's english it is ` why is he not playing for england ? '
i have funded this equipment myself , however one of the receivers for my hearing aid is loaned by the university .
accountancy firm pricewaterhousecoopers -lrb- pwc -rrb- said security has been beefed up at the residences of brian cullinan and martha ruiz following the mistake .
the group is accused of targeting refugee accommodation in freital and a left - wing housing project in dresden with explosive devices in 2015 .
south wimbledon and queensway stations will be the first to see their staff moved from ticket offices into ticket halls and on to platforms .
janice gault from the hotels federation told the bbc 's inside business programme it was crucial for the industry .
it asked more than 2,000 people aged over 18 across the uk whether they could name any of their local councillors .
the prime minister will set out the terms of reference for the process in the coming weeks .
mr corbyn told the ios he could consider bringing back the old clause iv as part of a commitment to take ` ` necessary things '' back into public ownership .
in nigeria , campaign group bring back our girls has launched a week of events encouraging people to remember the girls ahead of the first anniversary of their abduction on tuesday .
zengana features in a most - wanted list of nine uk suspects who are thought to be in the netherlands .
around 180 countries have so far signed the paris climate agreement in which they pledged not only to limit the global temperature rise since pre - industrial times to ` ` well below '' 2c but to do their very best to keep them to 1.5 c .
22 new trams
he said the tories planned to scale back public spending by at least # 33bn , while labour planned cuts of # 7bn .
she also said she had been taken to blackpool and raped by several men .
england test captain cook , who has already scored two centuries this season against gloucestershire and sussex , hit seven fours and a six off england team - mate moeen ali as he completed a more sedate fifty off 112 balls .
officials estimate that about 80 % of the houses in the mashkel area collapsed - either partially or completely - in the quake .
before he became deputy attorney general , mr comey had a long tenure at the justice department , serving in many posts including as us attorney for the southern district of new york .
the application by rtÉ to have the injunction discharged relates to a planned broadcast regarding certain information regarding mr o'brien 's relationship with ibrc .
almaz , 24 , had won the 10,000 m in world record time last week and had been expected to complete the 10,000 m and 5,000 m double .
bbc political editor laura kuenssberg said the tax debate 's prominence in the commons showed how much of a big issue it had been , with opposition parties determined to ` ` hang it around the prime minister '' .
the derry school were boosted by an early second - half goal by kevin small but rory o'connor netted to make it 2 - 9 to 1 - 6 to st peter 's after 40 minutes .
the 332-acre total includes 100 acres burnt in locaber on 1 may , but does not take into account all land affected .
judge kerr said that while he had viewed the images for his ` ` own strange pleasure '' , they were serious matters as ` ` children were abused for these images to be made '' .
but those comments went largely unreported in the republic of ireland because of the high court injunction restraining rtÉ from reporting on mr o'brien 's personal finances and his relationship with the former anglo irish bank , now the nationalised irish bank resolution corporation -lrb- ibrc -rrb- .
a third of these , 34 % in total , intend to hike bills by more than 2 % in april .
he also said the approximately 250 species of bees in the uk need high temperatures to gather nectar and pollen .
he was shot dead outside a wedding in newtownbutler in february .
beauly will be the only representatives of the lower leagues in the semi - final draw at bbc scotland 's pacific quay on monday 11 july .
mr mckeague was last spotted on cctv walking alone and eating fast food in bury st edmunds at 03:20 on 24 september .
the afghan forces did not sustain any casualties in the raid , nato added .
fiscal depute aidan higgins , prosecuting , told the court that ` ` it was clear he was using his phone to get under the lady 's skirt , taking photographs '' .
but on tuesday , mr robinson told the press association his father - in - law applied to the scheme in august 2015 , before he was married in october .
swankie 's first strike of the day temporarily gave his side the lead , only for mullen to convert another free - kick .
elgan varney , 33 , was accused of raping hannah stubbs , who was a student at keele university , in staffordshire .
ennis - hill is competing in her first heptathlon since winning gold at london 2012 .
the protests were timed to coincide with the traditional mid - april deadline for americans to file their tax returns .
the study , led by researchers at city university london said that caesarean section rates in most eu countries have shown ` ` a continuous rise '' , although in a few countries there are signs they are flattening out .
the film - maker george a romero , who created the living dead movie franchise , also died at the age of 77 .
the court heard he wrote to the independent police complaints commission in 2012 to say west midlands police had made a ` ` deliberate attempt '' to make him change his statement .
an initial aaib report said mr hill was thrown clear of the aircraft during the later part of the crash , but it is not clear whether he initiated his ejection .
four devonport - based frigates , hms chatham , campbeltown , cumberland and cornwall will be withdrawn in 2011 .
traffic near to the town hall in dale street was blocked by the protest on wednesday evening and police stepped in to clear the road as a woman was trying to get to hospital .
rakels joined reading in january 2016 from polish club cracovia .
the man 's condition was initially described as serious , but police have said he is now critical but stable in the royal victoria hospital .
the fountain commemorates those who took part in operation anthropoid , a successful mission to assassinate nazi police chief reinhard heydrich .
plans for green park station were put on hold two years ago , but the council now wants work on it to start within three years .
the difference between finishing outright second and in a four - way tie for the runners - up spot amounted to about # 150,000 .
the neighbours entered the burning property in milford drive , on sunday afternoon in an attempt to rescue two cats , police said .
while shorter courses are available at other universities , this is the first time urdu has been included in the title of an official degree .
most of the buildings were let out as business units until the site was sold in 2006 , according to historic england .
in its findings the panel said it accepted flower 's elbow had not been deliberate but added : ` ` this was a reckless act that had contact with the opponent 's head and with obvious risk of serious injury . ''
renault has an engine supply contract with red bull until 2016 .
arsenal were then given a penalty of their own , which was converted by alexis sanchez .
ayr clung on and defended desperately to claim all three points .
since 1986 , the world food prize aims to recognise efforts to increase the quality and quantity of available food .
he was hospitalised with a laceration to his head and a shattered right hand .
mr wallace , 37 , was accused of subjecting his wife to harassment over two dates in may last year .
searches were made of areas of inverness , including along the shore of the nearby moray firth .
charli co - wrote the track fancy with iggy azalea , which has been grammy nominated for record of the year and best pop duo / group performance .
the national critics book prize was first awarded in 1974 and is open to writers of all nationalities whose work has been published in the us .
but who , from chelsea 's first and most recent premier league - winning teams , would make your combined xi ?
leith , who is also a novelist , said she had enjoyed ` ` eating and judging the very best in modern british cooking '' .
the dudley muslim association has offered dudley council # 325,000 to drop court action in a dispute about the site where the mosque is to be built .
real madrid have defended nadal from ` ` the attacks made on his person '' .
kent group the hunted one said : ` ` police should concern themselves more with tackling paedophiles than us . ''
the court upheld a chilean prison sentence for hartmut hopp , a german citizen in his seventies .
as a group we feel like we ' ve come a long way in the past year and a lot of credit has to go to our head coach mark robinson and assistant coach ali maiden for that .
people had gathered on the bridge to watch emergency services rescue a man who had jumped into the sanvordem river in curchorem .
matthew james -lrb- barnsley -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
last week ofqual said it felt the way this year 's english gcse exams were graded was fair , despite the grade boundaries being moved significantly part - way through the year .
however , on thursday , the pps said that ` ` following careful consideration of the evidence '' , it had decided not to prosecute him .
cornwall - based houvenaghel represented england in the 2006 commonwealth games before winning silver for northern ireland in delhi four years later .
she is the first athlete to represent nigeria in a rowing event at the olympics .
he was director of business in the community wales , from 2008 and 2010 , and a member of the welsh language board from 2005 and 2010 .
the mass trial of mr halawa and 493 others began in march after being postponed five times since his arrest .
acting president issa hayatou said friday can ` ` signal a new dawn '' , adding : ` ` this is our opportunity to show we are united in building a stronger fifa . ''
it marks ghana 's sixth consecutive nations cup semi - finals appearance , as they seek to end an agonising 35-year wait for a continental title .
they voted that they had ` ` no confidence '' in the football association to make the changes .
demolition of the existing buildings is still subject to a bat mitigation licence being granted by natural england .
qatar is reported to be spending more than $ 200bn -lrb- Â # 121bn -rrb- on a series of infrastructure projects , and says the world cup is a catalyst for a nationwide building project .
they all face a single charge of disposing or concealing becky 's body parts with the intent ` ` to impede the apprehension or prosecution of nathan matthews '' .
plaid 's colin mann said : ` ` it will be really disappointing if our town centres do n't have any christmas cheer this year with the lighting cancelled . ''
the imf last week made its second cut to global growth forecasts this year .
with help from her colleagues at the highland archive and registration centre in inverness she was able to find the grave in one of the city 's largest cemeteries .
there are no plans for a vote in this session , as with the eu negotiations beginning , this is clearly not a top priority for the first session . ''
but inditex has overtaken h&m in recent years to become the world 's largest fashion retailer .
for 70 years , my father has lived with the shame of what happened to his ship , hms hebe , in june 1940 .
so , just how free are africa 's artists - in film , literature and music - to tell their own stories ?
storm abigail could bring gusts of 60 to 70 mph , potentially rising to speeds of up to 80 mph in exposed areas .
earlier in the day , barcelona kept up their run with a comfortable win at eibar .
auctioneers said that the copy was from dr james ryan , a medical officer attached to the garrison based out of the general post office -lrb- gpo -rrb- during the easter rising .
charlton , unbeaten since christmas , have now picked up 11 points from their last five matches to climb to 11th , just six points off a play - off place .
the national heritage memorial fund , which aims to save key historic items , has now stepped in with the final # 1 m .
the steward incurred john 's wrath for trying to stop people with cheaper tickets blocking the view of concert - goers at the front who had paid more .
following a stand - off with police on the roof of a neighbouring pub , a 24-year - old man was arrested on suspicion of murder .
following the meeting with the air accidents investigation branch -lrb- aaib -rrb- in glasgow on wednesday evening , ian o'prey whose son mark died in the bar , said there was ` ` no resolution '' to the tragedy .
` ` we knew the british masters would get great crowds , '' said donald .
same - sex couples in scotland currently have the option to enter into civil partnerships , and the holyrood government has insisted no part of the religious community would be forced to hold same - sex weddings in churches .
the changes come after weeks of protests by voters angry at the way the country is governed and at the lack of investment in infrastructure .
helen richardson - walsh struck twice in the second quarter to give great britain a 2 - 0 lead at half - time .
the euro is shaking again after the chaos - election in greece .
` ` when the pitches are as flat as they have been at lord 's it 's a little easier to do that and i ' m glad it came off . ''
as well as having to shut the curva sud section for one game at the start of next season , roma have been issued with another 50,000 euros -lrb- # 42,400 -rrb- fine .
but after the total destruction of their crops however , villagers like joba are not in a position to repay their loans .
jordan , who was in the front passenger seat , died after being shot in the back of the head .
i delivered him as late as i dare , with the fact he is so quirky , and sure enough he 's dropped his shoulder - you have to expect the unexpected with him . ''
jolie , 36 , who was at the 17th sarajevo film festival with boyfriend brad pitt , visited bosnia several times last year as a goodwill ambassador for the un 's refugee agency .
joe godwin , director of bbc birmingham , said : ` ` the bbc is committed to having a significant presence in the midlands .
the wickerman festival 's brian reynolds said : ' ` ` with just five weeks to go until this year 's festival , it 's fantastic to announce our new stage and the raft of talent that it will showcase .
aviva 's working lives report backs up this view of staff attending work when ill .
the charges include numerous counts of rape and conspiracy to rape and relate to eight victims , south yorkshire police said .
ukip 's campaign in wales also had several problems , including one of its candidates threatening to sue the party for libel , and its regional organiser stepping down .
imitating a jewish accent , mrs zakharova said jewish people had told her : '' ` marochka , understand this - we 'll donate to clinton , of course .
according to a poll commissioned by the charity , 66 % of people believe drivers who kill should be jailed for a minimum of 10 years .
zverev , 19 , had recovered a break early in the final set before requiring treatment for cramp .
the bomb attack at the manchester arena killed 22 people and injured a further 64 .
a wonderful long - range strike from barrie mckay had rangers in front on 96 minutes before rogic swept home to set up a tense hampden shootout .
the amateur game can sometimes be painted as a poor relation , not the sacred test many would argue it is .
officials say that more than 700 people have died as a result of the earthquake .
surrey batsman kumar sangakkara told bbc radio london : ` ` i think after the nottingham game it was important we got off to a good start in the first game at home .
benzia has scored 26 goals in 43 appearances during his time playing for france 's youth teams .
the league managers ' association -lrb- lma -rrb- said despite having sacked o'leary , the united arab emirates club claimed the irishman had abandoned his job .
if the law is adopted by argentina 's congress it would mean any attack against a teacher would become an aggravated offence with increased penalties .
the final of the competition , also known as the bill beaumont cup , has been played at twickenham since 1984 .
` ` we 're delighted to help guernsey by sending jake and kodi to them for a month , '' bristol city director of youth recruitment brian tinnion told the guernsey fc website .
germany 's government tweeted about the ` ` sad and terrible news of british mp jo cox '' , adding that ` ` our thoughts are with her husband and children '' .
corner , ross county .
the high court ruling places them alongside only four other individuals who have lifelong anonymity orders in place :
an accident in uttar pradesh last november killed 150 people and another in the same state a year before killed 39 .
nie has warned of a possibility of damage to the electricity network , especially in exposed and coastal locations .
talks were reported to have broken up after just 45 minutes on sunday .
` ` when i heard colin was interested he shot to the top of the pile , '' villa boss steve bruce told the club website .
cardiff crown court heard he ` ` took advantage of his position '' .
the ifs said 98 % of the remaining consolidation is currently planned to come from spending cuts rather than higher taxes .
in the uk , infections are thought to be responsible for 3 % of cancers , or around 9,700 cases each year .
a petition calling for it to be refurbished and maintained has attracted hundreds of signatures .
the company confirmed it was on track to deliver 80,000 to 90,000 electric vehicles this year .
officers received a report of an attack on a woman , 19 , at gorsedd gardens near cardiff civic centre at 04:30 bst on thursday .
one family complained to the local government ombudsman over the council 's response to the evacuation and subsequent work on the road .
the 26-year - old , of lambfield house , dungannon , was also charged with having a firearm .
william mauzy told reporters on wednesday that prince 's team contacted dr howard kornfeld on 20 april , the day before prince died .
in november , they killed 22 people in an attack on a luxury hotel in bamako .
the man , who was 31 , was shot by police on francis street at around 09:35 gmt .
the specific patents involved have not been disclosed .
he decided to head to calais on a fact - finding mission .
a 16-year - old boy was also stabbed and taken to a north london hospital for treatment .
arsenal will confirm a third - placed finish , and a champions league group - stage spot , with victory against the black cats at emirates stadium , leaving united to contest the competition 's qualifiers .
` ` to get a 24-year - old international player on a four - year deal is a great piece of business by the club and i 'd like to thank the board for their assistance in making it happen . ''
` ` we will also continue to collaborate with the local authorities in the coming months . ''
lindahl , 33 , who has been with chelsea since december 2014 , won olympic silver with her country in rio in 2016 .
` ` hip - hop , for a lot of teenagers these days , is the language they speak - it 's the cultural language of teenagers . ''
kevin parker , associate chief nurse at the hospital , said he was ` ` aware '' of the game 's popularity , but warned players to stay away from the ` ` incredibly busy '' a&e department .
scottish actor brian cox , will appear alongside bradley as bbc head of drama , sydney newman , who was credited with the creation of the show .
police said a boy on the bank saw his father 's boat capsize on the river wey in guildford at about 13:10 bst on monday .
the 43-year - old , from cranhill , will be sentenced in the new year .
it is hard to think that since a - levels were introduced in the 1950s that there has ever been an authority where none of its schools offered the qualification .
rounds five and six signalled an improvement in burns ' form , with his aggression rewarded as indongo was forced backwards for the first time .
the student , who was based at the university 's eastbourne campus , had been reported missing from mill view hospital in hove on thursday .
in the dr congo , accusing a child of being possessed is a criminal offence , a law that has been in place for several years .
turkish planes have already shot down at least one syrian air force jet and possibly a helicopter as well .
the former pilot and member of the royal aeronautical society has studied them for more than a decade and now travels the world advising operators , manufacturers and regulators .
ethan ebanks - landell -lrb- sheffield united -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner .
the most rev justin welby told worshippers at canterbury cathedral that the attacks risked ` ` causing us to act fearfully , to see a world in which fear triumphs '' .
a mcdonald 's spokesperson said : ` ` we are pleased that our application has been allowed but will now be taking time to review the inspector 's decision .
the world bank 's predecessor - the international bank for reconstruction and development - was set up to drive post - war recovery .
former england international southgate , 46 , has a world cup qualifier against scotland at wembley on 11 november and a friendly against spain four days later to persuade the football association to give him the job on a permanent basis .
i think if any of us were named in an official document they would want to read the full report '' .
choupo - moting , 28 , is their fourth signing of the summer after darren fletcher , kurt zouma and josh tymon .
serious or repeat offences can now be punished by a points deduction , expulsion or relegation .
jodie taylor -lrb- england -rrb- wins a free kick on the right wing .
kimmich , 21 , has now scored his first goal for germany , first bayern munich league goal and first champions league goal in a 10-day period .
the total cost of the case has yet to be determined .
not willing to give up without a fight , however , the octogenarian hit the woman over the head with the bacon before the would - be thief fled empty - handed .
fisher 's brother todd said she was in intensive care in los angeles .
meanwhile , in an interview with the economist , nick clegg has said that many of the voters who have stopped supporting his party ` ` want to be entirely bereft of any responsibility '' .
wedding photo shoots in singapore are traditionally taken by many local couples ahead of their banquets .
police said it was found in a private residence in blanchardstown on friday night .
the report said care for prisoners most at risk was ` ` reasonable '' , but inspectors were concerned some ` ` felt they could only resolve issues , such as access to basic amenities , by self - harming '' .
images of the floral tributes that filled the city centre in the wake of the siege were projected on to the cafe and surrounding buildings in an emotional twilight ceremony .
an outbreak of the virus in a flock of about 6,000 turkeys at low farm , in fulstow , near louth , was ` ` unlikely to be directly linked to the previous case '' at the nearby austen fen farm , defra had said .
prime minister ranil wickremesinghe said : ` ` mangroves swiftly absorb carbon dioxide and inject oxygen into the atmosphere , maintaining an ecological balance vital for the environment .
android n will introduce split - screen multitasking that allows people to use two apps at the same time .
the father of three died after a week in a coma .
the men did not have a licence to keep tyres or to use any material as sea defences .
` ` the study is further evidence that people are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements and are already suffering from the effects of around Â # 6bn of cuts taken from scottish welfare expenditure over the last five years .
success appeared to be in line to make his super eagles debut , particularly after he came off the bench to score for watford and earn them a draw against bournemouth on saturday .
he said : ` ` i think there 's great merit in saying all fireworks displays need to be licensed with a licensed operator , and frankly , amateur family - organised fireworks displays in people 's back gardens are basically rubbish . ''
edinburgh will also provide the venue for the european challenge cup the same year , but the host stadium has yet to be chosen for that event .
alliance trust savings was part of the strategy last month criticised by elliott advisers , the hedge fund and activist investor in parent company alliance trust .
how the paris attacks are affecting muslim children
while their involvement in the massacre has yet to be proven , there is no doubt whatsoever that the ampatuans were - and still are - extremely powerful .
she was the mother of a young son and the most senior pilot with chc which runs the contract to provide search and rescue services in the republic of ireland .
there has been a nationwide crackdown on hazing after high - profile deaths including that of florida a&m university drumming student robert champion .
care at the trust was given an overall rating of ` ` requires improvement '' .
thousands of people had previously signed a petition calling for stafford hospital 's services to remain and a campaign shop from the protest group has been set up in the town centre .
pembrokeshire council said it would work with elected members , the town council and the community to ` ` ensure a bright future for the town 's paddling pool '' .
but the us said further appreciation was needed to prevent the yuan becoming more undervalued , particularly as the mainland continued to see productivity growth greater than its major trading partners .
he has played four games for pools since joining in january .
` ` mark tainton will be acting head coach while a review is carried out , with bristol needing a dramatic upturn in their fortunes on the pitch to avoid an immediate return to the second tier . ''
the sofa was seen perched in the boot of the toyota celica on the a140 in long stratton , norfolk , on saturday by traffic officers , police said .
mr lock , a retired solicitor , was stabbed after crashing at about 16 mph into the back of mr daley 's car on the a24 in west sussex on 16 july .
please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week .
he will start out as a player but has also joined phoenix 's ` ` mls expansion franchise ownership group '' .
` ` in the context of the north being dragged out of the eu by england , there is now a greater opportunity to achieve this , '' he said .
goalscorer long was again bothered by a cut on his knee in friday 's game and o'neill hinted that the southampton striker may be rested in the final warm - up game against belarus in cork on tuesday .
he is ebbsfleet 's fourth signing since winning promotion from the national league south last season .
` ` so the man gave me a piggy back off the train and helped me walk down the track .
one group was asked to begin an exercise regimen of walking around a track for 40 minutes a day , three days a week , while the others were limited to doing simple stretching and toning exercises .
despite flat comparable sales , diageo posted a rise in pre - tax profits - from # 2.7 bn to # 2.9 bn .
as well as having her car stolen , rev wilson 's handbag containing Â # 250 in cash and a laptop computer were also taken .
president putin has repeatedly denied any russian interference into the presidential election .
kirk - smith has also bettered the steeplechase commonwealth games consideration standard .
the two small eels were found in a routine fish survey on the river tud , a tributary of the wensum in norfolk .
the fans know the glory days have long gone , that a brazilian victory is as unlikely as a day without a traffic jam in one of the world 's most crowded cities .
it said a forensic examination of the scene took place and a ` ` a number of knives '' were recovered .
mccourt told the times that his wife was returning home from a holiday when their life was turned upside down .
at the moment , only five of the 28 nato members - including the us and the uk - spend 2 % of their annual income on defence .
but jane hutt , labour 's chief whip in the assembly , will call for the welsh parliament name to be adopted ` ` at the earliest opportunity '' , and used unofficially until formalised .
later , the rally finished , angela merkel posed for pictures with the band .
joint administrator iain fraser added : ` ` trade has been firm over the festive period and the administration of edc represents a rare opportunity to acquire quality hotels in aberdeen in busy locations .
the information was revealed in a document detailing requests to be made from the government as part of a deal to devolve power .
labour has been divided by how to respond to the welfare cuts set out in george osborne 's budget , with some mps reacting angrily when acting leader harriet harman said it should not oppose all of the measures .
dentsu has been under pressure to reduce the amount of overtime its employees do and in november it was raided by labour regulators .
can england 's top order handle the pace and skill of steyn ?
the rogue pills may have come from the netherlands , he says , as they appear to ` ` be the same ` superman ' pills that were found in amsterdam a couple of months ago '' .
members of the rmt and aslef unions walked out on 4 january this year , the day many returned to work after the christmas break .
andre gray -lrb- burnley -rrb- right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal .
the lightweight pair is a non - olympic boat class but cassells and scrimgeour will have reminded the great britain coaches of their selection claims for the lightweight four .
mr king told the court natalia 's body was found a year later - intact - under rubble in the garden of daniel doherty 's house in icknield way , luton .
mr woodward , was the first to go public last week , and has since been followed by several others who have made allegations about being sexually abused by coaches as children .
` ` france has chosen its ambassador to the vatican .
references to surgeries and practices being ` ` allowed to fail '' comes at a sensitive time in the debate about the state of nhs primary care in england .
coleman added : ` ` whilst everybody will look at this game as the be all and end all , whether we progress or not it 's not the end of the journey for this team .
martin crashed at the isle of man tt in june while the honda machine has suffered mechanical problems this year .
walters ' move means the clarets now have five republic of ireland internationals in their squad .
2013 european championship winner kessleradded : ` ` i am very honoured to be nominated for the bbc women 's footballer of the year award .
the queen has two birthdays - her real birthday on 21 april , and her official birthday held on a saturday in june - a tradition going back 250 years .
` ` staff will be on parade tomorrow , we 'll see a lot more engagement than usual . ''
david anger and christopher needham , who were both passengers in the car , died in the crash on fosse road south .
another protein - beta amyloid - is also linked to alzheimer 's and can be detected in similar tests .
the vigils were held on 13 november in bristol , london , cape town and also sweden where she was born .
the ruling said : ` ` the tribunal has taken the view that your registration should be suspended for a period of two months .
the figure of # 5.3 m covers damages and the costs of past and future care for the child .
hamilton 's victory was among the most straightforward of the season .
public toilets across wales have been closing as councils face budget cuts .
when the officer and a colleague tried to restrain him he was stabbed in the head .
soon after , according to the watchdog , the tops of three of the man 's fingers on his left hand were severed .
that plan was later changed to include the fire and prison services , but has now been revised .
oxford university hospitals nhs foundation trust has told horton staff the plan could take effect from the end of september if it did not successfully recruit the obstetricians , who are specially - trained maternity doctors .
italians have not been slow to pick up on the comparisons between the incoming us president and their former prime minister , fusing the two on social media as ` ` trumpusconi '' .
talks are being held to restore the power - sharing executive , but parties have just three weeks to reach a deal .
unionist politicians criticised the paramilitary display at the funeral in londonderry on saturday .
they suggest that this strand of ancestry may also have been associated with the spread of indo - european languages to the region .
police and members of the coastguard placed a 100 m -lrb- 330 ft -rrb- cordon around the object .
when the strain of personally delivering so many gifts became too much for him , mr bravin recruited ` ` santa 's little helpers '' , who in turn were sworn to secrecy .
he later suspected that the us had a role in his downfall and in a 1978 book , former cia intelligence officer john stockwell backed this theory up .
we ' ve all had putts as juniors to win the masters .
that is a very different question from whether the welsh economy would be stronger with it , and weaker without .
16 - chris gayle -lrb- west indies -rrb-
the mental welfare commission found elderly patients stuck on wards for months at the royal edinburgh hospital because of a lack of care home places .
as referee ian davies conducted his pre - match pitch inspection , ospreys players and coaches seemed unhappy with the prospect of playing on such a sodden surface - on which football team newport county had played less than 24 hours earlier .
police officers stopped the bus in pilibhit and forced some of the men to get out .
` ` saddened to hear the passing of dusty rhodes .
she was hauled up in a ` ` dog rescue bag '' on a line and reunited , uninjured , with her ` ` very happy owners , '' the maritime and coastguard agency -lrb- mca -rrb- said .
hibernian or inverness caledonian thistle v dundee united
he said the seminars would help head teachers ` ` identify situations '' and ` ` deal with them in an appropriate manner , without overreacting and being alarmist .
it added : ` ` the decision to award the 2021 world championships to eugene was made by the iaaf council in a vote of 23 - 1 . ''
` ` while doing so , the accused approached without warning , any provocation or words and he struck the complainer on the back of the head with the bottle .
according to the un , up to 20,000 syrians have gathered at the bab al - salam border crossing .
the winner will receive a further cheque for # 50,000 .
apparently filmed on a dashcam of another vehicle , it shows the officer remonstrating with the lorry driver .
erfan ali was just six years old when he was attacked by his neighbour 's rhodesian ridgeback called tyson .
the regulator has agreed to increase the amount of weight graphite bricks at the core of the reactor at dungeness b in kent will be allowed to lose .
gmb and unison , which represent staff at bodlondeb , said the closure came with ` ` no plan for improving or securing the long term provision of care for the elderly within our community '' .
i have decided , notwithstanding anything to the contrary , to allow all priests for the jubilee year to absolve of the sin of abortion those who procure it and who also seek forgiveness , '' pope francis said .
she said : ` ` the consequence of negligence is careers , lives and health blighted and millions of pounds of public money spent in compensation .
ms white is one five recipients of bbc music day 's unsung hero award .
in 2011 the council brought in fines for people walking more than four dogs after complaints of packs being out of control .
separate allegations have emerged that undercover officers also gathered information on some trade union activists .
boeing said the bins should speed up boarding and that ` ` passengers will benefit from decreased anxiety about finding space for their carry - on bag when boarding a flight '' .
mr kuma said : i am very happy to see the progress of the construction .
edinburgh has seen the greatest number of closures - with more than 20 banks to close in the city .
but morocco boss herve renard 's bid to become the first manager to win three africa cup of nations title with three different countries is now over .
` ` luiz felipe scolari and his fellow coaching staff surrendered their positions to the board , '' the cbf confirmed in a statement .
mostly they land upright with a reassuring thud on the crash mats .
olly woodburn and don armand crossed after half - time to earn a bonus point and keep exeter second in the table .
they will also be responsible for delivering a major upgrade to the rail network in and around cardiff as part of the metro scheme .
jeremy corbyn 's recent appearance at the stop the war coalition christmas fundraiser caused controversy for the labour party .
mr virdi retired from the metropolitan police in 2012 after 30 years of service .
london 's mayor , boris johnson , will have the final say over whether the bridge can be built as planned .
mr widodo has also faced international condemnation for the country 's man - made forest fires , which have caused serious economic and environmental damage .
a new university technical college has been built nearby and scarborough athletic fc 's new 2,000-seater stadium is also under construction on the site .
but i do think it 's important to start work on the second site as well . ''
the net benefit is about # 257 m each year and takes into account the impact on public services such as the nhs .
` ` mike will be one of three ex - racing 92 players at the club next season , alongside brian mujati and juandre kruger . ''
they were impressed and a special ceremony took place at hamburg university medical centre on tuesday , in which she finally received the phd that the nazis stole from her .
` ` the really unforgivable aspect here is the loss of credit card details , '' said cyber - security expert prof alan woodward from surrey university .
a man has been charged and another man arrested in connection with the first attack , which is being treated as a separate incident , the force said .
one firefighter and his son carved pumpkins together and tweeted a photo in support of the strike .
the kg ethylene cracker was unable to operate at full capacity in 2008 , leaving ineos ` ` no option '' but to close the second manufacturing unit .
berdych saw off france 's richard gasquet 6 - 2 6 - 1 , while seppi enjoyed a 7 - 5 6 - 4 victory over ivan dodig of croatia .
last month , airbus uk 's chief executive , paul kahn , said that if the uk voted to leave the eu in the planned in - out referendum , airbus would reconsider future investment in the uk .
ms stevens dismissed the idea of a ` ` progressive alliance '' of parties that could include labour .
the first annual ` ` learning from mistakes league '' uses feedback from staff on their freedom to speak when things go wrong .
they flit flamboyantly between a raspy alto and the keening siren of his falsetto .
the former world number one and number two were dismissed as ` ` journeyman '' players by sharapova 's agent max eisenbud .
thomson , 19 , has already made 18 appearances in the championship this season , having spent the first half of the campaign on loan to dumbarton .
stop funding hate has lobbied firms to stop advertising with some newspapers .
taylor , 64 , returns to ` ` oversee recruitment and all footballing policy '' after two spells managing the club .
` ` the blast caused the collapse of part of the wall of the citadel , '' the organisation 's chief , rami abdel rahman , told afp news agency .
mr capriles says that despite mr maduro 's attempt at portraying himself as mr chavez 's heir , the acting president lacks the late leader 's charisma .
he will be remembered at a service at st edmund 's church in walesby , nottinghamshire .
the queen 's public schedule will continue as normal .
having been a coach from the age of 15 , mckinstry already has miles on the clock .
however , the scot , who beat frenchman nicolas mahut 6 - 3 6 - 2 in the first round , then lost his way and was broken back immediately thanks to the canadian 's best return of the match .
powell , 22 , scored 12 goals in 41 appearances for championship side wigan during a loan spell in 2013 - 14 .
nearly # 800,000 of the advertising cost was for states recruitment and advertising purposes .
messi and his father made a voluntary $ 5 m ` ` corrective payment '' - equal to the alleged unpaid tax plus interest - in august 2013 .
in the play - off for third place , which was also played on tuesday , ethiopia thrashed uganda 4 - 1 .
` ` i know that popular wedding destinations like queenstown and rotorua have had a real boom time with same - sex couples from australia coming over the get married here . ''
becky james broke the women 's sprint olympic record in qualification and is in monday 's quarter - finals along with fellow briton katy marchant .
ed miliband started to look concerned : ` ` do n't give us all the bridgend results because we might be here ... ''
assistant commissioner tracy linford said two forensic psychologists had been embedded in the task force to help investigators understand why the young women were trying to join is .
the australian market will be closed on friday and monday for the easter holiday .
` ` asda 's initiative is a great example of an organisation taking the trouble to understand how autistic people experience the world and we hope other retailers are inspired to follow their example . ''
` ` i think now with rafa being in there he will be allowed to take control of media , of staff , and of recruitment - which is the most important thing , '' he said .
at least two have been treated for symptoms of poisoning after being walked near a cricket pitch in fordham heath , colchester , the rspca said .
the man , who was local to the area , was taken to a hospital in stoke but has died from his injuries .
the pound started to rise just before the first results came in as traders predicted a win for the remain side - eventually hitting a high of over $ 1.50 .
` ` a situation like the gulf of mexico where bp lost two or three million barrels of oil - if that happens in the -lsb- persian -rsb- gulf the consequences would be severely different . ''
on friday , the florida jury ruled gawker had violated hogan 's right to privacy , awarding him $ 115 m -lrb- Â # 79 m -rrb- for economic damage and emotional distress .
dr hudson 's measurement is twice as precise as the previous efforts to elucidate the shape of the electron .
for years , virtual reality has been tipped as the next big thing in technology - but now it looks like it might finally be ready for action .
martijn manders , project leader of the rooswijk excavation and maritime heritage programme manager at the cultural heritage agency of the netherlands , said : ` ` the goodwin sands has been a treacherous place for ships throughout the centuries and is now a treasure trove for archaeologists .
after she fell to the ground , the 26-year - old ` ` saw his opportunity '' to steal her bag before running off , manchester and salford magistrates ' court heard .
a group of about 400 people , made up of the 15-year - old 's friends , relatives and neighbours , took part in the wear pink for paige walk on saturday .
herrmann also starred in joel schumacher 's teen vampire film , the lost boys , alongside kiefer sutherland , where he played max ; and won a primetime emmy in 1999 for his guest role in the boston - based legal series the practice .
` ` she was a devoted mum to her boys and very much loved by all who knew her , '' they said .
lennox lewis , another former world heavyweight champion and olympic gold medallist , is also not in favour of the idea , branding it ` ` preposterous '' .
the washington post reported that a delivery order was placed with a local pizza company while the family was being held hostage and dna found on a crust has been matched to mr wint .
if you are a fan of well - drilled free - kick and corner routines , then queens park rangers might be the team for you .
the conservatives want to renegotiate britain 's membership of the eu before holding a referendum .
elsewhere in the area , a major clean - up is continuing following the floods on saturday .
there is widespread shock and disbelief in south africa after athlete oscar pistorius was arrested over the killing of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
a daimler spokesman said the software fix , which will cost about 220 m euros -lrb- Â # 195 m -rrb- , was not linked to the police investigation .
more than 60,000 vials , said to contain anabolic steroids , were recovered in an operation by garda -lrb- irish police -rrb- , customs and a medicine watchdog .
it comes after a bidder to run university hospital of hartlepool 's fertility services was rejected , despite already running services there .
it is also estimated that about Â # 140 m will be saved over the next decade by selling off the sites , which sir michael said would be reinvested in creating ` ` areas of military expertise '' in locations across the country , including a specialised infantry group in aldershot .
the commission said it would allow for flexibility about the checks normally done before payment .
` ` us coaches are always going to be picky with the performance , '' added cattle .
in the ensuing melee , al merreikh 's director football hatim lashed out with his left arm and seemed to strike otogo - castane on the right side of his head .
they were the better team and they deserve to get into a semi - final . ''
in september , at least 67 people were killed when al - shabab fighters seized the upmarket westgate shopping mall in nairobi for four days .
villagers mounted a campaign against the development , with more than 1,200 people writing letters objecting to the plans .
while it was not a sweeping victory for the supporters of president hassan rouhani , it was still a surprise win , especially given the months of heavy campaigning against the government 's policies .
` ` i ' m back playing a lot of rugby and i ' m very excited to be playing -lsb- in rome -rsb- , there 's always been a good log of second rows in the wales set - up and it 's up to me to put my stamp on the shirt . ''
` ` if they go and lose on saturday and we win then it 's down to four and we have to play each other . ''
the danes will face the hosts in the final after their 3 - 0 win over england in the second semi - final .
the mayor of new zealand 's second - biggest city says 120 people have been rescued from the ruins .
in march , kurdish authorities in iraq said they had evidence that is had used chlorine gas .
great britain reached the davis cup final for the first time since 1978 with victory over australia .
` ` this case is considered to represent the most serious breach of the medicine control regime - it 's the most serious breach that has happened in the eu , '' he told jurors .
hamilton said he was drawing on ali 's famous ` ` rope - a - dope '' victory over george foreman in 1974 as he seeks to close the 29-point gap to the german .
even as they did that , eyewitnesses say , the gunman opened fire on them .
rhiannon smith , 21 , was involved in a collision between a black range rover and a grey toyota yaris on the a48 between newport and chepstow , monmouthshire , on 16 march .
one funeral the chaplain presided over was for a young man who he knew from the training centre - the herald of free enterprise was his first posting as a sailor .
connor franta joined youtube in 2010 .
` ` who would help us give him a tour of the best of southend ? ''
in addition to potentially attracting new players to the region , biggar 's decision to stay may help negotiations with his ospreys and wales colleagues scrum - half rhys webb and second row alun wyn jones .
one man who posted a four - minute video on facebook of himself kissing the cardboard cutout has reportedly apologised .
they have now been killed and their hostage freed .
further compromise may well emerge on the issue of keeping internet connection records and the level of access to them , and on the protection of medical records .
jordan , which has a large palestinian population , has an historical role as custodian of the jerusalem holy site .
the court said that the european commission had not been clear enough in demonstrating an unambiguous ` ` single and continuous infringement '' by the carriers .
back in 2013 , british prime minister david cameron promised that if his political party , the conservatives , won the next general election , then he would let voters have their say on whether or not the uk should stay in or leave the european union .
the rnli said that the sand - bars at camber sands were three feet deep and had been made deeper by the weekend storms .
arriva trains wales now plans to add extra capacity and extra trains from 22 may on the following routes
saido is as good for us as they are , '' pulis said .
raqqa is being slaughtered silently -lrb- rbss -rrb- said ahmad mohammed al - mousa was killed by a group of masked men in the rebel - held city of idlib on wednesday .
det ch supt clive wain , head of the north east counter terrorism unit which led the operation , said : ` ` by pleading guilty hussain has admitted his intention was to take part in the conflict in syria and was aware that he may be killed .
` ` this is a young man who i first tried to sign when he was scoring goals in the scottish premier league for dundee , '' manager steve evans told the club website .
we look back at the 22-year rule of the controversial and outspoken leader .
because the nucleobases themselves were the same as those of dna and rna , the resulting molecules were able to join with their natural counterparts .
the exhausted , but jubilant , skipper cayle royce , who lost both his legs in a bomb explosion in afghanistan , said : ` ` we are so proud to be the first all - amputee team to row an ocean and extremely humbled by the support we have received . ''
in chennai and bangalore , some companies have declared a holiday on friday and given their employees free tickets for the film .
` ` she has steadily increased her time behind the wheel since she joined us in april 2012 and her appointment as test driver was a natural progression . ''
but clarke , who replaced john ward as rovers manager in march 2014 , said he did not find out about the takeover until the morning the deal was announced .
brett pitman 's glancing header restored ipswich 's lead , and revell poked home josh murphy 's free - kick to equalise before varney 's header sealed victory .
woman 's hour power list 2015 - top 10 influencers
storey began her sporting career in the pool , winning six medals at the 1992 paralympics before switching to cycling in 2005 .
it was also a blow to the state department , and to diplomacy .
he has been bailed .
the man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being questioned at queens road police station , bridgend .
former captain brian o'driscoll has beaten his continuing calf trouble to line up in midfield , where he will equal ronan o'gara 's all - time ireland caps record of 128 .
the discovery was made during work to extend the castle 's main shop and ticket office .
women 's activists had led protests demanding entry specifically to the lord shani shrine .
she was also the first woman to coach in a men 's professional league after training the revolution last season .
wood group and the unite and rmt unions said in a statement they had held two full days of constructive discussions which would continue next week .
it was held earlier this month in hunan province , in a mountain range thought to have inspired the floating mountains of pandora in the hollywood blockbuster film avatar .
the club are optimistic he will be able to resume training in the new year .
chelsea 2 - 0 southampton .
bbc wales understands the welsh government was made aware of the suspension .
they began the third day 75 runs behind with five first - innings wickets in hand .
international autograph auctions , of nottingham , offered a set of reconnaissance images showing the mohne and edersee dams .
dredging work is being carried out in portsmouth harbour to allow the the navy 's new 65,000-tonne aircraft carriers to dock .
the baby was found alone and abandoned at about 15:30 local time on friday on steelstown road .
mr chand had no formal education and worked as a road inspector in the city .
left - hander sangakkara is sri lanka 's highest run scorer and is the fifth - highest test scorer of all time .
the current main stand was built in 1919 .
lochrie was jailed for 14 months , reduced from 18 months for pleading guilty .
the carrier has already begun to look for a new chief executive and says it is considering both internal and external candidates .
so far 19 people and two companies have pleaded guilty in connection with the us investigation .
` ` unfortunately we are no longer one of africa 's football powerhouses .
` ` interestingly , what is not happening in scotland is the dilution of accents to a more homogenised anglicised accent on the scale that we are seeing in england , and in fact the scots accent remains very distinctive . ''
` ` since the brexit vote in june the pound has fallen about 18 % against the dollar on the judgment that growth is likely to be stronger in the us than the uk and that uk interest rates are falling while the next movement in us rates is expected to be upwards .
mr trump repeatedly pledged to label beijing a ` ` currency manipulator '' on his first day in office , during an election campaign when he also accused the asian powerhouse of ` ` raping '' the us .
there are now fewer than 2,300 bengal tigers left in the wild - mainly in india and bangladesh , but with smaller populations in nepal , bhutan , china and myanmar -lrb- also called burma -rrb- .
he does n't like to miss a game .
the taxi driver or anyone else with information about the case is asked to contact police .
but che adams won it for united , who are four points outside the top six , firing in low from the edge of the box .
caught between the mind and muscle , the recently - introduced game of chess boxing is seeing an early surge of interest in india .
in september , the family was told that all the special schools in the south eastern education board area were full to capacity and no time frame could be given as to when a place would become available .
nottingham express transit , which runs the network , said : ` ` this was an unfortunate misunderstanding as the travel officer was unaware that vicky had been offered free travel on the day the tram was named in her honour .
the sfa 's statement on thursday did nothing to challenge the view that a blind faith - or a meek acceptance of failure - has taken an ever firmer hold of hampden .
established in 1957 , the biennial john moores painting prize is one of britain 's oldest art awards .
` ` it brings together older and younger generations of polish expats , which is much needed now the uk has voted to leave the eu . ''
the us has said that the use of chemical weapons crosses a ` ` global red line '' , and president obama is seeking approval from congress for military action in response to the attack .
is controls more than of half of deir al - zour and is seeking to capture the entire city .
it is not binding on the government , which said it would be a mistake to give guarantees to eu nationals in the uk without similar concessions for uk nationals living elsewhere in the eu .
mr penman said there were ` ` a number of weaknesses '' in police scotland 's approach to the roll - out of its new national call handling system .
in 2009 , kyle saved her from a convicted murderer and rapist who was on parole from prison .
meanwhile derbyshire 's 16 year - old afghan - born spinner hamidullah qadri , who made 11 not out , is the first championship player to have been born in the new millennium .
` ` any uncertainties in the run - up to the referendum seem to have had a limited effect , '' he said .
moon says he spoke to richard bevan , chief executive of football 's league managers ' association -lrb- lma -rrb- , when forming the rca and believes rugby coaches face some harsher realities than their football counterparts .
the player , who would not be named , said : ` ` it 's totally off - the - scale .
a memorial paving stone was unveiled in eastbourne pavilion gardens and at the war memorial in hailsham high street .
the audit calculation that spain 's banks will need 59.3 bn euros is a worst - case scenario , and does not take into account any future plans by the lenders themselves to raise their own capital .
the other sides into the semi - finals are ajax , lyon and celta vigo with the draw taking place at midday on friday .
in august last year , four people died on the a34 on the oxfordshire / berkshire border when a lorry driver , who was scrolling through music selections on his phone , smashed into stationary traffic .
it would n't be a welsh affairs select committee without a question from david davies on the severn crossings .
` ` he has been anointed the next brian o'driscoll .
the treasury has agreed to make the money available over a five - year period for a proposed new historical investigations unit and other bodies .
the report suggested technological and demographic changes would alter the economy and society resulting in people working longer in multiple careers and for multiple employers .
gods of egypt has a reported budget of $ 140 m -lrb- Â # 92 m -rrb- .
` ` it means giving the poorest people the chance of training , a job , and hope for the future .
` ` i ' m hoping wales wo n't go the same way -lsb- as scotland -rsb- towards this sort of extremely expensive socialist experiment '' .
beaumont shared a 65-run first - wicket stand with bryony smith to help the stars triumph in their first home game .
the mill has been operating since 1770 and is synonymous with cider production in the county but is expected to close in late summer , the union added .
last june at least three people were killed and nine injured in a train crash in the town of hermalle - sous - huy , near liege .
robert lewandowski draws a foul in the penalty area .
a code red means there has been a significant incident affecting the event . ''
the discovery of the floating arsenal off southern sri lanka , and of another weapons haul in the capital , came in the days after mahinda rajapaksa was voted out of office .
last month , swansea chairman huw jenkins said the club ` ` has to make sure the council is on board '' with the plans .
lord bragg said the south bank sky arts awards were a ` ` freeze - frame on a unique moment in british cultural history '' .
that is an issue that needs to be addressed by england as well , because root , stuart broad and chris woakes were also in that bar wearing silly wigs in the early hours of the morning .
in terms of his ambitions with motherwell for the rest of the premiership season , pearson added : ` ` i am just looking forward to helping the team out , contribute as much as i can between now and the end of the season and help this club finish as high up the league as possible . ''
police said the shopper ` ` defended herself by repeatedly hitting the female offender over the head with the packet of bacon '' in a facebook post .
it appears that the town of springfield , oregon , has known of its connection to the sitcom since 2007 , when mr groening visited before the release of the simpsons movie .
steven walters , 48 , pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault at stafford crown court in september .
as the iraqi government forces , militias and kurdish peshmerga close in on the city , there are signs of deepening tensions between the is regime and the local population , according to sources .
hence , there is no potential conflict of interest at all . ''
mr carmichael 's qc had asked the judges to dismiss the case , on the grounds it was ` ` irrelevant '' and ` ` bound to fail '' .
the most powerful is at the science and technology facilities council in warrington .
although bayern and city both finished with 15 points , the german side 's 3 - 1 win during the first group game in manchester meant their better goal difference proved crucial .
the deputy first minister has also called for a border poll in northern ireland on unification with the republic of ireland and said he was fighting politically for reunification .
a blanket ban on legal highs , which are often sold online or on the high street , was in the conservative party 's election manifesto and featured in the queen 's speech .
the win moved the spireites up to 17th , five points clear of the relegation zone , while port vale dropped to 13th , 10 points adrift of the play - off places .
he is the first american secretary of state to visit the city .
` ` we took almost three months to make this documentary and it was sparked by a row on our campus in 2014 after some students demanded that beef and pork be banned , '' mr anand said .
` ` you 're going to have to take a few risks on saturday , you ca n't be conservative and expect to win . ''
the symposium : understanding charlie : new perspectives on contemporary citizenship after charlie hebdo , was due to be hosted by qub 's institute for collaborative research in the humanities .
amnesty international has said that archaeological surveys should be carried out at all former mother - and - baby homes in northern ireland .
depp , they claim , is ` ` fully responsible for any financial turmoil '' he faces .
` ` this is a benchmark for the rest of the season for me , '' said heath , from guildford .
on the forum he described how their heads collided and hers ` ` ricocheted '' into his , the trial heard .
det insp alasdair barlow said : ` ` we are reviewing cctv images in and around the city centre .
the new cardiff north mp said the conservatives made it into a brexit election and it is now important the country gets ` ` the best , most sensible deal '' .
that is five short years in which to build not only a large new airport terminal but also a six - lane motorway and an impressively high - tech bridge to connect the facility to the centre of the city .
thousands of police officers - including hundreds in wales - are also affected .
they said the ` ` out - of - control and unpredictable '' blaze was burning along the south western highway .
naseby battlefield project -lrb- nbp -rrb- wants to build the centre at the northamptonshire site of the decisive battle of the english civil war .
trott may have won more olympic gold medals than any other british woman , but the motivation remains pure .
he is in hospital and reports in local media suggest he may be discharged this weekend .
the department of health has admitted ` ` unacceptable '' patients ` ` are receiving care far from home '' .
the court heard that miss hill , who was brought up in bidford - on - avon , had a brief relationship with williams as a teenager .
the area 's links with chain making are kept alive every month at a rare surviving chain shop at mushroom green in the heart of the black country .
witney mp david cameron described the a40 as ` ` a bit of a foot on the windpipe of west oxfordshire economy '' .
the female officer was seriously hurt and remains in hospital and a colleague who also tried to intervene received a minor leg injury , essex police said .
we have to apply the eu 's common external tariff to exports from commonwealth countries - hurting consumers here as well as producers there .
mahmoud has been using technology developed in scotland to capture 3d images of moving faces .
but do northern ireland 's politicians have the necessary skills ?
he says he does n't know much about what happened before he arrived on these shores .
sales volumes increased by 1.7 % in november from the month before , the office for national statistics said .
it is interested in buying nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
two shops in his home town framlingham , suffolk , and one in ipswich were given several bags each on wednesday .
after the child went missing , her family launched a campaign - bring back jhanvi - on facebook , twitter and the instant messaging service whatsapp to find her .
people on the ground were moved back in case glass fell from one world trade center , the country 's tallest skyscraper .
since the announcements of subsidy cuts in the summer , three solar firms have collapsed , more than 1,000 jobs have been lost in the clean energy industry and energy investors have started to drain away from the uk .
former dons midfielder sheerin , 39 , has been player - manager at the red lichties since 2010 and replaces neil cooper at pittodrie .
bournemouth , now without a win in their past seven away league games , started promisingly as king had a shot cleared off the line by adam clayton and then hit the crossbar with a volley .
` ` we are proud to have jared retire as a member of the vikings franchise , '' said vikings owner zygi wilf .
hamilton , from gorgie in edinburgh , was seen on cctv at haymarket station on sunday at 10:16 .
ahead of elections this coming sunday , 24-year - old designer anine mariam ouattara tells the bbc about difficulties young people face and her aspirations for her country .
michael robson , 44 , who is serving a prison sentence for manslaughter , absconded from hatfield prison in doncaster on thursday .
mr cameron said : ` ` if any other politician got stuck on a zip wire it would be disastrous .
` ` following admission of zanzibar into caf , tff has now formally submitted application for zanzibar to become a member of fifa . , ''   tff president malinzi wrote on his official twitter account on sunday .
girl guides helping to clean ghana 's air pollution problem
o'brien 's missed conversion forced extra - time but he responded with a drop - goal from near halfway to win it .
it 's a hundred years since he was born , so newsround has taken a look at his life .
lilas , by dame zaha , who died earlier this year , was originally created for the serpentine gallery at kensington gardens .
he is reported to be in a stable condition .
asked what his next project will be , graham told bbc news : ` ` i ' m working on a tv drama about the referendum campaign .
` ` we approached fix the fells and asked them if they had any paths that they were going to repair in that area and they told us about long stile which of course wainwright pioneered as a wonderful route up high street . ''
` ` ross county -lsb- are -rsb- probably out of the relegation battle but we can drag them back into it . ''
lancashire won three of their opening five division one games this season , but last triumphed in may .
vito ferro 's san carlo restaurant has become something of a tourist hotspot after it held a celebratory meal for the leicester city players the day after the title was won .
more than 5,000 athletes competed at the events and 2,167 were asked if they had taken banned drugs .
evans will be a top-50 player for the first time after the australian open - some rise from the position of 772 he found himself in just 20 months ago .
they added : ` ` abdul was a composed and caring son , who bought us all so much joy .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 6 and 13 january .
he also said all un agency operations had been suspended in the rebel - held parts of donetsk .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- warned that anyone who failed to renew their tax credits could be in danger of having payments stopped , or find themselves paying more than they needed to .
among the people to be represented will be criminologist and disability rights campaigner , marie tidball .
duffy believes that the abolition of the inter - county u21 football championship , won this year by tyrone , would help to ease the demands on third - level players during a period when the national football league also takes place .
` ` so we are taking the interests of wales extremely seriously , and we will operate this negotiation so that no part of the united kingdom loses .
stephen remembers lots about him , going to matches with his father and enjoying the time that they spent together .
his team said that the us president - elect had also congratulated ms tsai on becoming the president of taiwan last january .
unite regional officer bob lanning said : ` ` what we have here is a situation where the drivers in weymouth and poole are the poor relations , when compared with the pay of other drivers working for first group .
the self - funded us postal service remains open and is delivering as usual .
` ` they have to take charge . ''
a steering group of seven business people has been set up to manage the pier while it recruits members of the public to create a community organisation .
toshiba said that only westinghouse 's us operations would be affected by the bankruptcy .
the 34-year - old full - back spent last season with napoli in italy 's serie a , making 18 appearances before being released at the end of his contract .
he warned that many gps were being forced to truncate care and deliver an ` ` unsafe number of consultations '' .
during his time in hospital , joshua has had lots of visitors but said it 's still hard to take his mind off what happened .
durham university archaeological services manager peter carne said the work had ` ` enabled an unprecedented amount '' of research into the castle and its grounds .
defending champion spieth , 22 , had a quadruple - bogey seven on the par - three 12th as danny willett became the first englishman since faldo in 1996 to win .
the first phase led to 300 rebels leaving and the government allowing in a limited amount of food and humanitarian aid .
` ` in the course of the operation they killed some boko haram insurgents and they confiscated their weapons , '' he said .
we can not keep mum and watch the 44 children 's centres in oxfordshire be closed down , '' she said .
many of the people ordered to evacuate their homes were in pollock pines , 60 miles east of sacramento .
keith porteous wood , executive director of the national secular society , said lord avebury had supported countless human rights campaigns .
gale 's 61 was his highest score of the season , but he fell to tom curran as his side closed on 207 - 3 , 60 behind .
a woman who lives near the prison , who did not want to be named , said she had witnessed packages being thrown over the wall ` ` four times in two weeks . ''
the private funeral is being held at oxford crematorium .
the us called it an ` ` important contribution to the shared goal of a peaceful resolution to disputes in the south china sea '' .
the association added it is meeting with the coach to resolve the issues .
leon legge -lrb- cambridge united -rrb- header from the left side of the six yard box misses to the right .
wells , meanwhile , describes his efforts to break into sussex 's one - day side as ` ` difficult and frustrating '' .
boris nemtsov began work on the report early this year , after hearing that the relatives of dead russian soldiers had not been given promised compensation .
several nations claim territory in the resource - rich south china sea , which is also an important shipping route .
northumbria police said the pair were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images .
the inspections were carried out as part of a programme to check on standards of care for older people requiring acute treatment in scotland .
the bid for world heritage status was led by the forth bridges forum , which was established by the scottish government to promote the three forth bridges .
the first season of top of the lake was broadcast on bbc two in 2013 .
lonmin had already stated that its shares would be issued at a ` ` significant discount '' .
gordon smith , 44 , was found dead on lake road about 400 m -lrb- 0.2 miles -rrb- from his home on church street on 1 july .
` ` they are still at an early stage , but this kind of thing could be part of a surgeon 's standard kit . ''
on tuesday night south africa national parks tweeted that it was a difficult decision to put down the lion once they find him .
it was his first public comment on the policy changes mr trump announced a month ago .
prof clokie has shown that phage therapy can in principle offer a viable alternative to antibiotics .
the losing cities also have strong connections to the obama story - he grew up in hawaii and attended columbia university in new york .
his business specialised in supplying military - grade foil packaging that claimed to hide illegal materials from detection .
` ` the reality is the sacrifices made by these guys -lsb- bomber command crews -rsb- allows for the freedom whoever is doing this has got today . ''
how can we say we want equality over pay and employment and then ask for a day 's extra ` holiday ' per month just for being a female ?
the scotland assistant coach will lead featherstone in their final league game against toulouse on saturday before the upcoming super 8 qualifiers .
ronnie convery , director of communications for the archdiocese of glasgow , said there had been wide interest in the service from scotland 's italian community .
chancellor george osborne increased his majority in tatton , with the conservative taking a 58.6 % share of the vote .
` ` the new schedule is clear and strong .
` ` while legislation already exists to protect road users from over - zealous private car park owners , we look forward to engaging with citizens advice scotland to discuss their report and the important issues raised by it . ''
the report concluded that : ` ` reading is closely linked to increasing understanding of our own identities and can also play a large part in relating to others , understanding their world views and so forth . ''
earlier , prof ramakrishnan 's predecessor as president of the royal society , prof sir paul nurse said that freedom of movement has to continue in any post - brexit negotiations for british science to thrive .
mr hunter has also been charged with causing serious injury to a 31-year - old woman by dangerous driving .
` ` the tour of britain is quite a tough race , but it 's the right moment in the race calendar . ''
it 's never great to have to start a speech with an apology , which the education secretary did today on the leaked test paper .
he said labour ` ` currently constitutes '' the official opposition and its leader is recognised by the speaker ` ` for statutory and parliamentary purposes '' as the leader of the opposition .
` ` i would urge costa staff and customers to look carefully at the pictures and let police know if you think you ' ve seen them .
a neighbour of miss grice , sarah thompson , told the court earlier that about three weeks before her death she saw and heard arguments at miss grice 's home .
successful interview applicants were offered 40 hours training , but warned this did not guarantee a job .
mr strauss - kahn 's successor at the imf , christine lagarde , is to go on trial in france in december over a state award of $ 285 m in damages to tycoon bernard tapie when she was finance minister .
blockers on samsung phones will have to be added in the same way and will not come as standard .
three other cats in the area have died in the last seven days , while another cat died two weeks ago .
stimpson made a strong start to the season , winning the opening world series event in abu dhabi and the sprint distance world cup in australia .
he was reportedly pulled from the surf at mermaid beach after being caught in a rip current .
green , who was jailed for 16 months and two weeks , had previously admitted failing to ensure the safety of others .
leicester director of rugby richard cockerill : ` ` you ' ve got to be satisfied with maximum points from two games and also with not conceding a try .
this was officiating at its worst and someone has to be brought to task .
cardiff manager malky mackay has made signing a winger a priority in the january transfer window .
jordan 's 2.4 overs cost 48 runs , while topley , whose mistake allowed south africa to win the first t20 in cape town on friday , leaked 32 from two wicketless overs .
the work , starting on monday , is expected to be finished by july .
investigators believe he wanted to target parliament with four tonnes of explosives while then - president bronislaw komorowski and former prime minister donald tusk were due to attend , the trial heard .
this is the first year the shoot out has counted as ranking event , after existing as a non - ranking event for the previous six years .
iceland becomes a member of nato .
the donkey was injured almost a month ago at the community farm .
aid groups say many of the camps are overcrowded , with human rights watch describing the conditions in some of them as ` ` deplorable and volatile '' .
but rangers is a club still close to my heart . ''
the maximum prison sentence will rise from 50 to 140 years for those who kill their victims .
but answering questions from gwent police 's legal team , she confirmed she had been instructed to meet another taser - armed officer before entering the hostel , which she said led to a wait of ` ` no more than a minute '' .
` ` the week leading up to the british grand prix should be a week of great celebration for f1 and silverstone , '' a spokesman said .
scocco , 29 , known as ` ` nacho '' , arrived on a two - and - a - half year deal in january for # 3.2 m as one of gus poyet 's four transfer window signings .
he started the move with mazy play in the midfield before releasing the pass .
texas radio station kxax found itself broadcasting furcast 's podcast on tuesday .
katie locke , 23 , was found dead at theobolds park hotel in waltham cross , hertfordshire .
hard to find words , you truly joyfully rocked our world .
winning the fa cup on saturday was n't enough to save van gaal .
the 42-year - old man was discovered in wetland at the medmerry nature reserve , in earnley , on tuesday by coastguards .
in may , the programme will move from sunday to friday evenings .
police are appealing for these men , and other potential witnesses , to come forward with information which may assist their investigation .
in particular , the letter went into detail about the government 's reforms , saying they had led to a ` ` rapid and unwanted expansion of the role of commercial companies '' .
the findings appear in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
these artefacts have been dated to 90,000 - 100 , 000 years ago .
office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- figures show 3.7 million workers travel for two hours or longer every weekday .
their work began with several trials involving university students , who were shut in a small room with blank walls and asked to sit at a table ` ` entertaining themselves with their own thoughts '' .
` ` our wonderful richard has gone on to his next adventure , '' ms clarke neville said in a statement posted on facebook .
photographer and founder of same but different , ceridwen hughes , said ` ` the aim of our organisation is to use the arts to create greater awareness of the person behind disability . ''
she said she could not comment on any individual case , but added : ` ` anybody who goes into a hospital as a patient has a right to assume that their data and information will be treated with respect and in the highest confidence .
the hall was transferred to the control of community group glamis hall for all at the end of last year .
there is a survival rate of up to 90 % when ovarian cancer is caught early , compared with less than 30 % if it is discovered in the later stages .
the 28-year - old left rovers after their national league promotion final defeat by grimsby earlier this month .
he also became the first rider to lead from dressage through to conclusion since 2007 but it is the fact he is just the second rider to win a grand slam which will make badminton 2016 live long in the memory of eventing fans .
john surtees ' son henry died during a formula two race in 2009 after being struck on the head by a stray tyre .
but not all councils stream meetings and the latest welsh government move has been backed by all parties .
looking longer term , the referendum has raised more questions about the sustainability of nhs finances .
holyrood 's devolution committee has called for both sides to give a ` ` full explanation of their position on a fiscal framework '' by 23 february , when they will be called to give evidence before msps .
franchisees own and operate 73 % of mcdonald 's restaurants in europe .
he later established the academy of st martin in the fields , one of the world 's leading chamber orchestras .
peter corrigan , my friend , my mentor , died last night .
dogs could be banned from play areas in parks and owners set limits on the number of dogs they take for walks in public .
kenny , who joined up with the england under-20 squad over easter , has so far made 13 appearances for the u 's .
the last child to die in a farm fatality was in june 2014 , when a boy died in a slurry tank accident near dunloy , county antrim .
us attorney general loretta lynch said : ` ` violence has no place in the united states of america .
the app , which took eight hours to create , has the technology community divided - with some seeing the app , and its seven - figure investment , as a sign of increasing hysteria in silicon valley for offbeat ideas .
the tunnels , which are 120 ft below the surface , have now been opened up for public visits by transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- and the london transport museum .
` ` gerry had extraordinary gifts and his premature passing deprives the world of a true genius . ''
sos has discussed the issue with members since september and on tuesday will meet with survivors of the disaster and families of those killed .
mr murray said : ` ` i am very pleased to announce that crawford will take over the chairmanship of edrington and know that his extensive international business experience will be invaluable to the company and i wish him all the very best .
` ` i show people how to paint , it 's a lovely way of seeing people develop , so when i go on holiday i ' m not thinking ` gosh what are they doing to my paint shop ' .
mr tsilikin , 54 , was found on thursday evening after friends and family had been unable to contact him .
research on 1,500 women aged 64 to 95 found those who spent many hours sitting and exercised for less than 40 minutes a day had cells that were biologically eight years older .
the cause of the blast ` ` could have been a gas leak , '' the town 's mayor , antonio moreno ferrer , told local reporters .
the studio was formerly used by bands to record tracks they could mime to on television , with the theme tune for the brideshead revisited series among the pieces recorded there .
he said : ` ` we ca n't avoid the work in winchburgh tunnel .
campaigners have called for the resignation of the board of the trust .
it may not be an exaggeration to say that this is miliband 's toughest - ever political test - how to shore up labour 's vote by taking on nicola sturgeon without appearing to be the posh boy from london lecturing the scots on what 's best for them .
according to reports , the man - who had been working at an international school - was found dead at an apartment in yangon , previously known as rangoon .
the bbc 's james coomarasamy , visiting another school in donetsk , says far fewer pupils than normal were present for the first day of the year , with the constant echo of artillery in the distance .
too often , says the report , admission arrangements are hard to find on school websites or not published at all , while some faith schools ask parents to fill in supplementary forms , asking for information prohibited under the code .
stephen archer , 51 , of victoria street , openshaw , manchester , was convicted on thursday at manchester crown court of murdering his sister julie , 49 .
derry were full value for their victory as they hit the woodwork twice before mceneff 's equaliser .
the case will be sent to the home secretary , who will make the formal decision on whether he should be extradited , and metra will remain in police custody , the court was told .
the former ivory coast under-20 international made 82 league appearances for chesterfield , scoring 10 times for the league one side .
after the scales took off , withings launched wearable gadgets that track your movement , heart rate , blood pressure and sleep .
a south wales police spokesman said : ` ` motorists are advised to take note of travel information and allow plenty of time for their journeys . ''
belgian grand prix practice results
second half begins derby county 0 , grimsby town 0 .
syed ali attacked the teenager in sunderland 's mowbray park on 8 december last year .
dundee could hold their heads high after a great performance against the devils in saturday 's semi - final , even if it was to end in a 4 - 2 defeat .
london mayor sadiq khan also joined the celebratory parade and singer alesha dixon will entertain revellers .
brady added : ` ` the addition of the ladies into the west ham family is the solution my board and i have long sought .
the annual bafta children 's awards also recognise movies which have been on general release in uk cinemas .
in a statement agreed by the crown and mr ridley 's defence team , the court heard that mr ridley turned on the gas valves on the kitchen cooker late on 27 october last year .
the proposal would see visitors travelling under the bridge in a glass gondola before changing to a glass lift to ride to a platform on the top of the north tower .
determined to deliver the best brexit deal , committed to keeping our country safe , enhancing our standing in the wider world and bringing our united kingdom closer together . ''
the us space agency needs to test it in space , but it thinks it could have many different uses - from protecting spacecraft to building spacesuits for astronauts .
enjoy the key moments of their fantastic 1 - 0 victory as bbc radio listeners heard them in a celebratory montage for sport wales tv .
philippe also said he is using the accident of seven - time world champion michael schumacher , who continues his recovery at home after suffering a head injury in a skiing accident in december , as a reference point .
vaughan fell for 17 as the home side made an encouraging start with the ball but the form of mal loye , who top - scored for england legends with 117 , ensured the visitors set a tough mark of 194 .
this will give emotional and psychological support to young people affected by hiv and aids .
ray reed from bedfordshire police federation , said he was not resistant to change , but ` ` had concerns '' over response times and perception .
the allegations over the fire authority , which oversees the fire and rescue service , have not been detailed , but have been described as ` ` serious and persistent '' by the home office .
he is the third signing for the league one newcomers after the arrivals of ruben lameiras and lionel ainsworth .
videos and images of mr chavan walking around the city with the severed head are being circulated on indian social media .
` ` as far as i ' m led to believe it should be cleared at the latest next week , '' robinson told bbc radio manchester .
` ` we are back - to - back premiership champions and -lrb- now -rrb- european champions .
a restraining court order in the name of the mongolian leader was put on the sale .
in a statement earlier on saturday , the police said : ` ` the dallas police department received an anonymous threat against law enforcement across the city and has taken precautionary measures to heighten security . ''
but this group of former military commanders is calling on the prime minister to reassess the decisions made in the defence review .
` ` however , it is with great sadness that i must report that , due to the injuries she sustained , maria has lost her right eye .
oliver basciano , deputy editor of artreview , told bbc news : ` ` to put it simply hans ulrich obrist is everywhere .
one was the elimination of the long - held right of a defendant to choose a legal aid solicitor .
the market for the ` ` two - headed '' red sand boas was ` ` basically another form of cheating '' , ps harsha , the local deputy commissioner of police , said .
it encourages cities and individuals to switch off non - essential lights for an hour at 20:30 local time .
men 's tour de yorkshire , final classification :
blatter 's reaction at the fifa congress after seven officials were arrested on charges of receiving bribes , may 2015 .
mr wright told the court mr liu 's body was badly burned and had been extensively dismembered .
remains of a man aged between 30 and 49 , were found close to the m54 motorway in shropshire , in august .
he has also been charged with two counts of possession of an offensive weapon and affray .
in an interview with the guardian , mr miliband accused the prime minister of having ` ` entirely withdrawn from the central issues facing the country ... in a bid to distract voters from the big choices '' .
simeone , 44 , has led atletico to a host of trophies since becoming coach in 2011 , including last season 's la liga title and the 2012 europa league crown .
ceredigion is the only welsh local authority to have had a referendum on the matter .
in a bbc interview with juliana liu at the world economic forum 's conference in dalian , china , mr mcgregor , a former journalist who has lived in the country for more than 25 years , said china 's behaviour was ` ` very worrisome '' for foreign companies .
in february of this year , anderson claimed his 529th scalp in all formats to pass botham 's 528 and become england 's leading international wicket - taker .
bartley , on loan from swansea , told bbc radio leeds : ` ` you 'd have to give the credit to pep .
bunyan had returned to his house next door and was arrested there .
burberry rose 2.81 % on speculation that the company could be takeover target for a us private equity firm .
walked out to the dark street and fell down a drain .
` ` just having a bloke like tomkins back at the club is great , '' said o'loughlin .
following the results of a post - mortem examination , his death is now being treated as murder .
` ` i finally started believing in myself , '' carlin told bbc sport .
` ` he has a slight tear , grade one .
while veterans ' healthcare remains the responsibility of the nhs , they now have access to the dmrc at headley court near epsom .
this setback comes after england beat a different india a line - up by three wickets on tuesday .
in the snatch segment , beijing 2008 winner long matched the 16-year - old olympic record of 137 kg .
faull was part of the famous british and irish lions side who beat new zealand in auckland in 1959 .
britons have banked the euromillions jackpot more than 14 times in the last two years .
we 're excited to have signed him , '' said football secretary adie towers .
jason is just over half way through a 13-month sentence at hmp dumfries .
misbah 's celebratory press - ups after an unbeaten century in the first test at lord 's were described as ` ` one of the motifs of the year '' .
ms glass , mp for north west durham , has been shadow minister for europe and a shadow junior education minister .
condor was devised in 1975 by military officials from argentina , brazil , bolivia , chile , paraguay and uruguay .
the aiadmk flourished and succeeded mainly because of the charisma of jayalalitha after she took over the party in 1990 .
a spokesman for mr burnham said the mayor had appointed salford city mayor paul dennett to lead a ` ` radical '' rewrite of the plans .
an nhs spokeswoman said deciding how to prioritise resources are ` ` very difficult for commissioners '' but ccgs must ` ` plan and manage demand over winter '' .
a dissident republican group , widely referred to as the new ira , said it carried out the attack .
grace mallon tweeted : ` ` exciting times at elisir d'amore @royaloperahouse - first time i ' ve been evacuated for a fire alarm in the middle of a performance ! ''
bristol city council say they 'll continue with their trial , but will keeping track of feedback from the people who live there .
relatives and survivors have until 15 may to apply for a commemorative medal .
as an architect she has worked on a project to restoration of local synagogues in germany .
the man had previously been prosecuted by the rspca regarding two of his dogs .
the unusual aspect of the uk - wide jolt is that rising unemployment has been accompanied by a sharp increase in pay .
` ` i think paul likes the pressure because without it , we would not be on our toes , '' said ibrahimovic .
uzma 's contention that she was married at ` ` gunpoint '' sits uneasily against the fact that she , along with mr ali and his relatives , had visited a district court in buner town to get married .
the case has strained ties between the us and the philippines , a former us colony where the americans have a significant military presence .
some 33 individuals , nine of them former undercover police officers , have already asked for anonymity .
` ` this is disastrous for the main core group of big fifa sponsors .
the fpa had been campaigning for more than a decade for guidelines to be issued on abortion for the nhs in northern ireland .
a shot was fired at the group and the woman was killed .
european champion victoria thornley continues in the single scull , having also won two world cup silver medals this season .
` ` she could take any men 's team in scotland in my opinion , she is that good a coach , '' grant told bbc scotland .
here , gandhi is seen in front of his office hut at sevagram ashram in 1940 .
recording a verdict of death by misadventure coroner oliver longstaff said there had been four missed chances to provide medical input .
in 2014 , mr sexty became the first person to complete a marathon on a pogo stick .
he said the rise in reports was a result of historic cases of child sex abuse in the news , which had encouraged more people to come forward .
their equations suggest a slow underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a nearby bin .
there is no suggestion of a link to the german e. coli outbreak , which came from bean sprouts grown on an organic farm , but two people are said to be infected with a similar strain .
tanzania 's parliament , which is dominated by the ruling chama cha mapinduzi -lrb- ccm -rrb- party , has been putting pressure on mr kikwete to sack top officials accused of siphoning government money in collusion with businessmen linked to the energy sector .
` ` these guys have been great ambassadors in this campaign for wales , '' said the coach , whose side set up a meeting with france by beating ireland in the quarter - finals .
ministers are planning that waste from nuclear - powered royal navy submarines which have left service would be stored at one of the sites until ` ` some time after 2040 '' when the uk 's deep level underground waste dump is available .
but they said the higher dose of metformin was toxic and reduced the lifespan of mice .
read the full honours list here .
a spokesman for pirc said : ` ` the crown office and procurator fiscal service -lrb- copfs -rrb- has instructed the police investigations and review commissioner to undertake an investigation into the initial police response to a call from a 72-year - old man who was later found dead at a sheltered housing complex in inverness .
here some of the best business leaders - and rock music legends - profiled in 2015 for the bbc 's the boss slot share their thoughts on running or setting up a business in 2016 .
it is the second successive time the area has been at the bottom of the scottish index of multiple deprivation -lrb- simd -rrb- , which is published every four years .
like allen , hibbert was a cover star of a non - football magazine - the angling times - in 2013 after catching a 42 lb beast at his private fishery in france - the aptly named lac de premiere .
hugh williamson , of new york - based human rights watch , has called the law ` ` another milestone in russia 's relentless crackdown on free expression '' .
` ` such was the severity ... a piece of his skull was embedded in his brain .
a police spokesperson said : ` ` we received a report from a genuinely concerned member of the public about suspicious activity on a coach travelling on the m6 toll at weeford , near lichfield .
a nuffield trust review found examples of nurses filling in for hospital doctors and pharmacists for gps .
the latest allegation came from tv presenter janice dickinson , who accused cosby of sexually assaulting her after a dinner date in lake tahoe , california .
the newry firm had been run by its founder lord ballyedmond , until his death in a helicopter crash in march .
the injured jockeys fund said : ` ` in due course george will leave the intensive care area to the rehabilitation wing of the wellington hospital . ''
there is concern about how england will cope at the back against russia - and everyone else - because we have looked so vulnerable at times in our warm - up games .
one of the judges indicated that the verdict may be delivered next thursday , 17 december , but added it is ` ` by no means certain '' .
his 16-year - old killer - who can not be named for legal reasons - had denied murder but was convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide .
det sgt iain macpherson , of hertfordshire police , said : ` ` this is one of the most damaging cases of child sexual exploitation we have encountered in hertfordshire .
former british f1 driver jonathan palmer 's motorsport vision pulled out of the running for the circuit before christmas .
with nepal currently in the midst of discussions about the future political set - up in the country , the issue of citizenship is highly sensitive .
peter spencer , chief economic advisor to the ey item club , said the uk economy was set to suffer a severe loss of momentum in the second half of this year .
votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00 bst .
christopher nolan won best director , and also received the film magazine 's ` ` inspiration '' award .
rising pune supergiants v mumbai indians
mr clegg was only talking about england and wales because in the rest of the uk the justice system is a devolved power , controlled by the scottish parliament and the northern ireland assembly .
the prime minister was involved in a power struggle with party leader liviu dragnea , who was barred from office after a conviction for voter fraud .
at the time of the move , barcelona said they had paid 57 m euros -lrb- # 48.6 m -rrb- for neymar but it has been alleged that , if other contracts are taken into account , the actual cost of the player was far greater .
` ` the woman thought her husband had lost the plot , but when she looked out , there it was , staring back at her through the window . ''
investigators said on friday there had been an ` ` exponential rise '' in atrocities committed in syria .
` ` although we seem to be at sixes and sevens , one - day cricket is a funny game .
one of five players offered a new deal by boss darrell clarke at the end of the season , broom is the second to sign on so far , after defender james clarke .
sports minister dayasiri jayasekera said a suspected bookmaker had approached two sri lankan players ahead of the match to try to convince them to under - perform and lose the match .
williams 's gold medal saw this rise to # 3.4 m for sochi , making skeleton the most funded british winter sport .
the photo has been removed and he said he was not a racist and there was ` ` no malice behind it '' .
wisley property investments is hoping to build homes , shops , a school , health centre and sports pitch on the former wisley airfield site .
in a statement , latam airlines said it would suspend its operations to caracas airport ` ` temporarily and for an unspecified time '' .
meanwhile , a report from the un human rights council on the war is also expected to be published this week .
the first group of syrian refugees arrived in december 2015 .
` ` as governor of indiana , if i were presented a bill that legalised discrimination against any person or group , i would veto it . ''
it is not clear if he was being investigated for his role in it .
turkey is ` ` not a safe country for refugees and migrants '' , mr dalhuisen said , adding that any deal to return migrants based on claims it was would be ` ` flawed , illegal and immoral '' .
the turkish coastguard said the migrants had set off from turkey 's bodrum peninsula for the greek island of kos in the early hours of wednesday morning , but the two boats they were in sank shortly afterwards .
mr hazzard said there would be two rounds of consultation on the proposals and said there could be some room for flexibility .
the new openings held back the like - for - like sales total over the period , it added .
bbc northern ireland director peter johnston said : ` ` this is a fantastic win for our spotlight team - particularly with a northern ireland story winning in the uk - wide scoop of the year category .
it is understood on wednesday , more than 25 teachers out of a teaching staff of about 70 called in sick .
i promise everybody we will use it and come back stronger . ''
on the website , a database can be searched using a postcode , region or home name to check on facilities with or without nursing .
sergeant stout confirmed bieber ` ` got out of the car and attempted to render aid '' after the collision .
` ` one is about what the pricing of 4 g is going to be .
in appearing to question the cost of treating british patients ms culligan went further than nigel farage , who has controversially said foreigners with hiv should not be treated for free by the nhs .
the last time that manchester united overturned a two - goal deficit in europe was when they beat diego maradona 's barcelona 3 - 0 at old trafford in march 1984 in the quarter - finals of the cup winners ' cup .
the bbc understands the arrested man is peter pickering , who was first questioned in connection with the murder in 2016 .
` ` if i was the saracens coach i 'd be sanctioning my player for throwing a punch which is against the rules of the game . ''
in an email , seen by the bbc , highways england suggests a southern bypass route would be ` ` considered '' as part of the ` ` design consultation '' phase of the upgrade .
now she wants more kids to get involved in the sport , and says that it 's about a lot more than just winning medals .
in the mirror we see the other side of the stormont - deadlock coin , where it is claimed that 12,000 jobs could go as a result of the stalemate .
bridlington town are a tier below , in the northern counties east league .
in the past two months , four red kites have died after being shot .
supporters of the path said it was vital for cutting congestion and would provide a safe route across the city .
hmic also warned there was now a ` ` national crisis '' caused by a shortage of detectives - with the metropolitan police alone short by 700 .
iran has been muted in its criticisms of syria , its most important ally in the region .
` ` a full and thorough investigation led to the arrest of a 23-year - old male who is expected to appear at glasgow sheriff court on 2nd june .
gosport - based thomson is aiming to be the first briton to win the race .
it suffers from heavy congestion as lorries squeeze through the main street and air pollution levels have been found to exceed national standards .
scanning of bikes in uci competitions has been introduced in recent years , but van den driessche 's was the first found to contain a concealed motor .
secretary - general jens stoltenberg said russia had not provided ` ` any real explanation '' of the violation , which ` ` lasted for a long time . ''
henderson , the club 's first summer signing , signed what liverpool described as ' a long - term deal ' .
twenty - three people were held for more than a year .
in his defence , mikheil saakashvili took power at a time when georgia looked like becoming a failed state .
speaking after the win , which attracted a grand final record crowd of 73,512 , mcdermott added : ` ` everybody wanted to tip in , that was the difference . ''
` ` nonetheless , mr storrie 's death would in all probability not have occurred had he not taken n - bomb .
in an earlier statement the fbi said that along with the us justice department it was investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with the threats .
` ` we argued much and this buggy signifies everything that ended my happy carefree low cost child free life . ''
the england and wales cricket board made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches and rhodes says it has already made a difference .
iranian dailies welcomed the tehran municipality 's plans to turn evin prison into a park .
the lawsuit filed in a federal court in san francisco argues that the policy is unconstitutional .
royal mail is now seeking cost savings of # 600 m a year , up from a previous target of # 500 m .
the city of 200,000 people is seen as strategically important , and the key to holding helmand province .
police say she had been dragged by the neck through several streets .
` ` i have been a bit sore for the last couple of weeks and been advised by a specialist that complete rest is the best option , '' he added .
simon eastwood saved at the feet of clarke as the visitors continued to create opportunities .
full story : world cup anthem sung by england 's 1966 team released after 34 years
the cause of death is yet to be established but a toxicology report showed high levels of a number of drugs in his system .
` ` shaping immigration criteria to address nation or region - specific economic and cultural needs might instil confidence among members of the public that the immigration system works for their area '' , the study said .
` ` we want to empower women at apple to do the best work of their lives as they care for loved ones and raise their families , '' apple 's statement said .
ms lisle - mainwaring hit the headlines in april after painting her house in red and white stripes .
the westminster government would allow the northern ireland executive to borrow # 700 m over four years to pay off up to 20,000 public servants .
a lawyer acting for pip strongly denied the report , telling rtl that the product was not industrial but a food product used in lipstick .
the annual bald archy prize for satirical art is a colourful way to get to know some of the main protagonists .
about 2,000 plants were found behind the former blockbuster premises in kirkgate after a phone call to police about suspicious activity in the area .
a department of health spokesperson said : ` ` commissioners are expected to give a real - terms funding increase to mental health this year .
wales are a point clear at the summit of group b , with the top two teams qualifying automatically for euro 2016 .
he denies all the charges and will face trial in inverness in may .
mr enoch and marty will be a feature of the festival 's gaming and technology playground , which will also have video games played at 48-hour - long moray game jam , which takes place in march in elgin .
judge rebecca poulet qc said the boys ' behaviour demonstrated a ` ` preoccupation almost bordering on obsession with knives '' .
waites , who was the ninth seed , is the eighth man to win the bdo title on more than one occasion .
like the riders , nottingham wildcats are looking to add the play - off trophy to their league title win .
the consumer group argued that making products smaller was a ` ` sneaky way '' of increasing prices .
a spokesman for the ipcc said : ` ` the independent police complaints commission is to independently investigate an incident at colchester police station on may 1 , 2015 where a man suffered serious hand injuries while in custody .
usually passengers stand to the right , leaving the left side free for people to walk up or down the escalators .
det ch insp justyn galloway said police believe mr corrigan may have been assaulted in the hours prior to his death .
and there are the stories from their time in malakal town : of mothers and brothers shot , their bodies left to rot ; of children lost in the chaos of fleeing .
over the years , the 9,000-acre bellandur lake in india 's technology capital has been polluted by chemicals and sewage .
firefighters swiftly extinguished the blaze , when it was discovered that a gas pipe had been damaged in the fire .
rwe npower said a procurement process has been under way since the demolition company 's contract ended in october .
the hack is one of the biggest thefts in bitcoin 's history and is being treated as a ` ` major deal '' by many in the virtual currency community .
although none of the victims would talk directly to the bbc , file on 4 heard reports of some asian girls being blackmailed by grooming rings , while others were forced at knifepoint to perform sexual acts on men .
a ministry of justice spokeswoman said : ` ` pentonville has been through a very challenging period .
the toughest period of his career began one december morning last year , when a knock at the door at campbell 's home preceded a dramatic arrest in front of his family , and did not end until nine months later when he was finally cleared of any wrongdoing .
` ` secretary zinke was proud to accept an invitation by the us park police to stand shoulder to shoulder with their officers on his first day at interior , '' said interior spokeswoman heather swift .
the so - called new deal will reshape how they are trained as their career develops and help them to deliver the new ` ` made in wales curriculum '' .
it was originally thought 60 people died when a government - allied militia tried to take over the brak al - shati base on thursday .
the 1.2 m -lrb- 4 ft -rrb- tall robot can recognise the human voice in 20 languages and can detect whether it is talking to a man , woman or child .
the lionesses will face norway on sunday 22 january and sweden two days later with both games in murcia .
what a goal .
the project - commissioned and funded by the energy technologies institute , with additional funding from the natural environment research council - would , dr mcnamara added , help address the concern over the scarcity of data on bioenergy crops and carbon cycling , and allow policymakers make informed decisions about the role bioenergy can play in delivering a low carbon uk energy mix .
valdes ' current contract with united will expire this summer .
froome , 32 , is due to begin the defence of his tour de france title on saturday .
a spokesman for citroën and the dealership could not confirm how many cars were hit by fire or their value .
more of the same and monty would be a shoe - in for one last open hurrah on his home course of royal troon , surely .
here is her life in pictures :
tesco chief executive dave lewis said : ` ` we have delivered a second quarter of positive like - for - like sales growth across all parts of the group in what remains a challenging market with sustained deflation .
dr richardson said there had been high numbers of jellyfish - the food source of the leatherback - reported in the irish sea this year .
meteorologists said it was ` ` not normal '' for such an earthquake to hit greenland and warned of aftershocks .
the kuwaiti government had pushed hard for the release of all kuwaiti detainees at guantanamo .
thursday 's contest was donnelly 's second at the games as he outpointed zohir kedache of algeria in his opening fight at riocentro .
an official memorial service for those onboard flight 4u9525 from barcelona to duesseldorf will be held on 17 april in germany 's most famous church - cologne cathedral - in the presence of president joachim gauck and chancellor angela merkel .
in the last year , three teachers from madrassas in lancashire have been convicted of beating children , the latest case involving patel .
east midlands airport said the closure was ` ` precautionary '' after a jet2 flight with 153 people on board alerted them to a suspected malfunction .
the interest rate move had been widely expected , and followed the last increase a year ago .
the airport 's operations director promised a robust replacement site - with more secure protocols and systems - would be operational within weeks .
their new decision will have to address the legal points brought out in court by the rspb scotland team .
the money , from its # 74 m capital reserves , is the latest part of a # 13 m loan package to attract new airlines .
but the health and social care information centre figures shows how difficult it is for people to get help .
charles hanson , from hansons auctioneers and valuers , said : ` ` snow white and the seven dwarves by walt disney is a film that has provided so much joy to so many people over the generations .
the john williams tribute is one of almost concerts that will take place as part of the 123rd proms this summer .
ellis and langridge beat the world number five pair 21 - 18 19 - 21 21 - 10 .
haye suffered an achilles injury in the sixth round at the o2 arena , with bellew capitalising to score a knockdown .
wales ' momentous campaign was halted by a clinical portugal side but , watching their team play their first semi - final at a major tournament , this was no occasion for fans to feel deflated .
cape verde substitute djaniny tried his luck from 20 yards out midway through the second half but zambia goalkeeper kennedy mweene was equal to it .
he has been accused of secretly planning a greek exit from the euro .
the number of clerics in parliament in iran has steadily declined over the years from 164 in the first parliament just after the islamic revolution in 1979 .
ecclestone told the afp news agency : ` ` there 's no reason why -lsb- the race -rsb- should n't be -lsb- a success -rsb- . ''
janmaat made 63 appearances for feyenoord over the past two seasons .
isner looked in control after taking the opening tie - break and breaking serve for the first time in the match on his way to a two - set lead .
bell then picked him up and shook him repeatedly until he began to cry .
the plaid leader responded by accusing labour of taking wales for granted over many decades .
she discovered her deceit but appeal court judges said bianco 's fantasies had taken a ` ` truly devastating '' toll on mrs retallack , who had moved abroad to ` ` try to rebuild her life '' .
firrhill and braidburn will be closed on friday to allow ` ` further detailed tests '' to be carried out over the weekend .
` ` we are the best team in the league , so why not ?
it said it would offer a ` ` full refund or alternative flights '' to customers who were booked to fly in september
responding to a question about moray council 's proposal to drop the tax freeze , mr swinney said : ` ` i think some of the talk we have heard has been frankly over the top about the impact of the settlement on local government .
a porthcawl rnli crew with a medic and the coastguard search and rescue helicopter were sent to sker beach , near kenfig nature reserve , at 12:50 gmt on sunday .
dorset police said staff and pupils from castle court school are being taken to another site .
farmers need to be able to trust their neighbours and they have shown themselves unworthy of that trust .
hampshire constabulary said her attacker fled the scene in a vehicle and have appealed for witnesses .
sabmiller said its board had formally considered the new offer , and had ` ` unanimously rejected the proposal as it still very substantially undervalues sabmiller , its unique and unmatched footprint , and its standalone prospects '' .
the dispute is over plans to move staff from a final salary pension scheme .
the premier league and nbc have not revealed how much the new deal is worth .
` ` it looks like those born in the early 1980s are likely to find it harder than their predecessors to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age , '' said report author andrew hood .
a jury at wolverhampton crown court also found him guilty of a burglary using mr stocking 's car as a getaway .
mr thompson told mps that on the issue of image rights : ` ` i think if it was me , i would want to review this ... it is quite difficult to explain to a football fan that that is the law . ''
she went to his home to ` ` ask him for a favour '' and he agreed to sign a cheque for # 10,000 with an endorsement that it would be paid back in the summer of 2010 .
their 1978 greatest hits collection the best of earth , wind & fire , vol .
mcwhirter , who travelled around scotland to register the births , previously admitted a charge of fraud committed between 1 june 2014 and 22 october 2015 .
ms bennett warned voters ` ` the time for half measures is over '' and urged people to ` ` vote for what you believe in '' .
currently , the three million washing machines purchased annually in the uk come from overseas .
since the 1990s , scores of christians have been found guilty of desecrating the koran or of blasphemy .
mr farage told the bbc 's daily politics : ` ` there will be a breakthrough in wales .
stanley 's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging .
festival goers and musicians gathered in queen 's square before parading through the city centre .
the minister welcomed the debate and agreed in principle that regional theatres deserve every penny they get but made no promises that any more money would be forthcoming .
real madrid 's gareth bale will hope to prove his fitness and win a third european major title in his home town on saturday , 3 june and watching with interest will be another high profile cardiff - born football figure .
wildsmith , a product of the club 's academy , has made 18 appearances for the owls in all competitions .
the new deal for cyprus , unlike previous agreements , does not require the approval of the cypriot parliament .
meanwhile more than half of cabin crew who responded to a survey said they had witnessed disruptive drunken passenger behaviour at uk airports .
` ` please sir , please help me to go back to sri lanka , '' she repeatedly begs me .
a joint statement issued by the office of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- and ms mosquito said they were ` ` happy to announce that they have amicably settled all outstanding matters between them '' .
the full list of tower hamlets mayoral candidates is :
harman , who is bidding to become the first left - hander to win the us open , knocked in six birdies .
ryan walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the edinburgh festival in 2015 .
the 39 year old said : ` ` there was a lot of shouting ... to - ing and fro - ing .
on wednesday , president pena nieto ordered his dismissal .
criticism of the 47-member council was repeated on the twitter feed of the us mission to the un on tuesday .
paul yeomans chairman of the humberside police federation , which represents junior officers , said his members supported the chief constable 's call .
it comes after a lorry driver was sentenced to four years for killing a family - of - four by getting distracted when using his phone on the a34 .
sir kevin has referred himself to the parliamentary commissioner for standards , kathryn hudson .
` ` the government is extending police powers in order to control dissent .
west midlands police said the man had been detained in reading and the woman in wokingham by counter - terrorism officers at about 19:30 bst .
if you think that the bridge was being used by horses back then , it gives you a sense of the time which has passed . ''
family of those killed have been informed and the police have confirmed all five adults are ` ` part of the same extended family from the milton keynes area '' .
a larger koi carp fish named chadwick escaped at the same time but , despite sightings , has not yet been retrieved .
the technology - heavy nasdaq jumped 24.75 points to 5,487 while the s&p 500 added 5.09 points to 2,268 .
a statue celebrating his footballing career will be erected at watford 's vicarage road ground , the club announced .
both policies will be subject to a government consultation later in the autumn .
former team sky cyclist jonathan tiernan - locke has said that painkiller tramadol was ` ` freely offered '' when he was riding for great britain at the 2012 world championships .
ms darlow told the jury : ` ` thomas was a vulnerable , not particularly bright young man who was desperate to impress islam and to try and forge some sort of friendship with him .
` ` the rights of working people are protected by our eu membership , and labour and our union movement are united in campaigning for britain to remain in europe . ''
a few survivors were pulled out alive on wednesday .
graham taylor was a top - class manager at club level and a true gentleman inside and outside of football .
obcs comprise 41 % of india 's people .
the story of pride and prejudice exhibition is open until may .
carnival had said in march that the sinking of its costa concordia cruises ship in january could wipe out profits this year as people shunned cruises .
nhs grampian was asked to supply an improvement action plan .
a corner of the pitch was still frozen at the scheduled 13:00 gmt start but play was able to start at 14:35 .
prosecutors asked a judge to issue the arrest warrants for the director of the nursery and some of its management and teachers .
he described the appearance of the latest hole as ` ` incredibly unfortunate '' .
the firm 's rival , amazon , began streaming a limited number of shows in the format in 2015 .
as his reshuffle continued , mr corbyn said 10 mps who left the front bench in a mass walkout over the summer were returning .
the dean , the very reverend stephen lake , said : ` ` this will ensure that young girls and boys will be lifting their voices in song at gloucester cathedral for many years to come . ''
` ` i was selected to my current role by the home secretary after a lengthy and thorough process and am now focused on leading the national crime agency in its fight to cut serious and organised crime , '' she said .
mae meddygon felly eisiau cyrraedd y mwyafrif o ' r cleifion sydd heb symptomau mor amlwg o ' r clefyd yn gynt .
prosecutors claim the trio plotted to carry out a terror attack in the uk .
on friday , after a case brought by the opposition , the high court ordered the electoral commission not to print ballot papers .
in his letter to mr nuttall , leave.eu campaign chairman mr banks , who also used a sunday express article to threaten to walk away from ukip unless his demands are met , repeated his offer to become chairman in order to make it an ` ` efficient , professional and ultimately electable party '' .
holyhead coastguards said a pump on board the boat was unable to cope with the water coming in .
reports had been made that the force 's helicopter had been used for inappropriate filming , sheffield magistrates ' court heard .
last week , prof richardson was nominated as the next head of oxford university .
they were in our pockets . ''
in a statement released by the labour party , ms thornberry said : ` ` earlier today i sent a tweet which has caused offence to some people .
joint administrator blair nimmo said : ` ` it is extremely pleasing to secure the sale of ferguson shipbuilders in such a short timeframe and to buyers who can see the potential in the business and its skilled workforce .
francois hollande was taking part in a ceremony to mark 70 years since allied troops liberated the last nazi camps at the end of world war two .
he was arrested in april after being charged by the us justice department .
a number of charity bike rides for the hospice were being held on sunday taking in routes from stoke - on - trent to llangollen and back .
male infertility appears to be more common within certain families , and this leads scientists to believe that there may be a genetic root for some cases , but only a handful of gene mutations which might be responsible have actually been found .
the survey , which was completed by 147 directors of adult social services for councils in england , suggests that funding reductions to social care budgets have totalled # 4.6 bn since 2010 - a 31 % overall reduction .
the way we work , play and live with robots is changing .
the process had proved difficult to study , because natural slabs of sandstone erode over millions of years .
a local resident also needed hospital treatment after being assaulted on saturday night .
mr desir drew attention to the ill - timing of the job with goldman sachs .
megan witty , from 24 hours in bristol , said the judges had had ` ` an incredibly tough job '' picking a winner .
jamie bishop , who was 44 , was a left - handed batsman who also represented wales at minor county level .
the court was told she had been left with ` ` significant and permanent '' disabilities as a result of the crash .
car emissions tests - fit for purpose ?
` ` he has a long contract and the directors want to keep him , '' puel said .
other johnston press financial highlights for 2015 :
` ` i ca n't say there 's absolutely no danger -lsb- of an overrun at easter -rsb- , but we have done everything in our power to get it finished in good time .
part of brian 's 1989 witness statement was read to the court , in which he said : ` ` it was as the players were coming out or just prior to the players coming out that the first crush started .
there have been conflicting reports about the number of casualties but some children may have been treated by the carnival 's own medical staff , an ambulance spokeswoman said .
several pets were found dead , two of them in rubbish bins .
ireland now turn their focus to world league 3 and the eurohockey championships this summer .
` ` but it is the british grand prix and britain should absolutely have a grand prix .
` ` the incredibly damaging thing is the image it projects of northern ireland around the world , she told bbc radio ulster 's evening extra programme .
midfielder mcclean and goalkeepers randolph and doyle have linked up with the squad after a three - day training camp in fota island near cork .
aside from the oil price fall , investors are cautious ahead of the annual meeting of central bankers later this week in jackson hole , wyoming .
` ` this was a particularly vicious assault , coming as it did in front of a family , '' he said .
a passer - by found the man , who has not been named but was in his 30s , off promenade street in heywood at about 23:25 gmt on thursday .
student nurses there , who are on a course run in conjunction with the university of bolton , are the first in england to pay their own way and once they have successfully completed the course , they are guaranteed a job .
dufner , who began his second round on the 10th , holed from 176 yards at 18 as his approach to the back of the green rolled down the slope and into the cup for an eagle .
what quickly became evident was the common theme at the heart of the warm words , stories and anecdotes : ` our ' blowers is unique .
palma de filippo , of high st , acton , west london , helped by hiding some of the cash in her car boot and laundering it .
in all , 27 of 75 horses failed to complete the course , set against the picturesque backdrop of badminton house .
the numbers of uk students in us universities has risen each year since tuition fees rose in england in 2012 .
the national trust has announced a shortlist of six teams , as well as the names of those on the jury , which will make a final decision after a public consultation over the summer .
` ` thousands of iranians have been arrested in the past 35 years for being happy -lsb- and -rsb- partying . ''
` ` any complaint will be investigated , '' the uci told bbc sport .
fifty people were on the first great western rail replacement service from oxford to didcot when it was hit at drayton , at 00:30 gmt .
` ` we apologise to staff and students for the inconvenience that this unprecedented situation will cause , and we will do all we can to support them so that research and teaching can continue . ''
the mayor has instead recently announced an offer of 100 jobs by a fast food chain to homeless people in general , of which there are around 20,000 in sao paulo .
mr humala 's first 12 months in office have been marked by disputes and conflict and his approval rating fell to a new low of some 40 % this month .
at the close the dow was 0.1 % lower at 19,918 , the broader s&p 500 was down 0.2 % at 2,260 and the nasdaq was 0.4 % lower at 5,447 .
charlie flanagan said the government 's focus was on supporting an application for mr halawa to be deported .
after a four - match winning run in february and march , connacht 's season ended on something of a low with five straight defeats which dropped them to a disappointing 10th in the table , with only the two italian clubs below them .
the aim is to see how a viewer responds to the uniform and how it shapes their perception of that person - how we prejudge based on a uniform or a certain look and style .
st helens head coach justin holbrook :
caroline pidgeon is the lib dem candidate , sian berry will contest the election for the greens and ukip has chosen its culture spokesman peter whittle .
accidents are always tragic and we think it is particularly sad that a person has died in connection to the military exercise , '' he said .
the second inquest was initially suspended in september after the cps carried out a review of the case , concluding it was right not to bring any charges against mr worthington .
mr shprygin had previously been expelled on saturday , a week after fan violence marred russia 's euro 2016 match with england .
however , spending in london was three times the rest of the uk combined .
profile : alexei navalny
mr murphy said the party had been ` ` stretched to the limits '' by their former partners in government , the dup .
the serie a side will contest the ` olympic series ' against the belfast giants in the first ever meeting between the teams .
the charles dickens museum in london has been given the grant to buy the desk and chair , which has always been in private ownership .
the children were all born in the dominican republic itself .
no personnel preparing for , serving on , or recovering from deployments on that date will lose their jobs unless they have applied for redundancy , the mod said , but they could be affected next year .
south sudan officials dressed infantino in traditional robes and made him dance .
` ` it 's definitely not an easy defeat to take - it was a close match , '' konta told bbc radio 5 live .
the announcement of the lion king 's inclusion comes three months after disney announced the movie would be remade as a live action film directed by jon favreau .
lizzy pinkerton from the belfast hills partnership said they want to make sure it remains in good condition .
after reports that the agreement has now been cancelled , the scottish government highlighted a ` ` climate of hostility '' from opposition parties .
the southern region of the country is the most productive area , accounting for 54 % of the entire national opium production .
clucas played for the first time in the premier league last saturday as hull beat champions leicester city 2 - 1 .
he secured a visa for the youngster to be treated in paris after pooling his life savings and raising an additional ? ?
prof shlizerman said that one of his team 's goals was to build a robotic monarch butterfly that could follow the insects and track their entire migration .
a welsh government spokesman said : ` ` ministers are selected from the membership of the democratically elected national assembly and we see no need to change this . ''
the eaw is widely seen to have speeded up extradition proceedings in the eu , but there is also pressure to fix shortcomings in the system .
indeed the cynicism of the attack on the convoy in particular is remarkable .
in a follow - up search at a d'olier street apartment , police found ecstasy tablets worth an estimated 418,000 euro -lrb- # 353,176 -rrb- and cocaine worth 24,000 euro -lrb- # 20,278 -rrb- .
people will be able to provide comments formally on the proposed development when the council submits a planning application .
the latest opinion polls show the referendum on free movement is likely to be very close .
meanwhile , u 's defenders tom eastman , 24 , and jamie harney , 20 , have signed new one - year contracts .
and the chinese government also decided to intervene - issuing a controversial interpretation of hong kong 's law on oath taking , to say that any oath that is not ` ` sincere '' should be automatically disqualified .
the dragons have lost their first two games of the campaign and such a heavy home defeat early in the season will be a concern , with much of their success in recent years being based on a formidable home record .
the four have been charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery , among other things .
women 's tour 2016 - stage four result
from october people in england will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags in a bid to encourage them to reuse the ones that they already have .
a second man , aged 28 , was charged with one count of rape .
it was three tries apiece in the first half , wade scoring either side of will rowlands ' try , with josh adams going over twice after bryce heem 's score .
ms yellen said current valuations were ` ` quite high '' , but added she did not see any bubbles forming .
against expectations , the film took $ 774 m -lrb- # 499 m -rrb- at the global box office - making it the third highest - grossing film in 2014 .
the trial is being heard at joint base andrews in maryland .
mr james told police his friend had urinated on his leg and said : ` ` i punched him and knocked him out '' , describing the blow as a ` ` little whack '' .
dundee waterfront is a regeneration project which is transforming 240 acres of land along the river tay .
the letter - which was formerly the property of his cousin david birch , harriet 's son - is to be sold at an online auction that closes on 3 april .
this lady was at her husband 's funeral .
network rail is consulting with devon and cornwall residents about the plans .
following the meeting mr waters said the answers given by the chief executive ` ` were not satisfactory '' and that the evidence was ` ` unconvincing '' .
anson crouch , who helped put a bid together for st michael 's church in munslow , said the church still needed to find # 30,000 to complete its repairs .
councils in england have varying policies on term - time holiday fines .
in fact , in one part of mr cameron 's tax affairs , he has actually paid more tax than legally necessary , by waiving the tax - exempt # 20,000 allowance that prime ministers receive to cover the expenses of holding the office of pm .
the council said it was only intended to be ` ` creative '' tactile paving .
honey bees around the world are facing an uncertain future .
the independent brewery , which has around 200 pubs , recently banned people from swearing on its premises .
from talking to senior officers they expect the number of officers to fall below 3,000 , in fact some say it is the minimum number devon and cornwall can be policed with and i think mr hogg has accepted he will not be able to maintain that number .
justice secretary michael matheson said : ` ` the ability of police to stop and search individuals can be an intrusion into liberty and privacy , but remains a valuable tool in combating crime .
` ` the accident occurred due to loss of control after experiencing adverse weather that caused the plane to stall ... resulting in a nosedive , '' state media said .
some of the worst flooding in northern german was in the historic centre of rostock and in stralsund , as well as on usedom , where major damage was reported .
they found he was in breach of that duty of care , that this amounted to gross negligence and that the 96 victims were unlawfully killed .
he had previously opposed an assisted dying law , but said his illness has left him ` ` like a beached whale '' and in constant discomfort .
the bbc has spoken to a significant number of former staff , on condition of anonymity .
` ` it 's a huge honour to sing one vision for team gb with kimberley , '' said boe , who was acclaimed for his performance in the 25th anniversary concerts of les miserables .
the one - year - old livestock - a mixture of cheviot and black face sheep - were taken from the coltfield area between wednesday and thursday .
previously , a 30-year - old , 27-year - old and 20-year - old , all from rugby , were arrested .
he says while quebec is ` ` still reeling '' from the mosque shooting , it is important that there be a public debate in the province on how to prevent radicalisation and violent extremism in all its forms .
nigeria has been fighting a seven - year insurgency against boko haram , with the army retaking much of the territory under the islamist militants ' control in the past 20 months .
` ` britain is stronger in the european union , '' mr barroso said , pointing to the ebola crisis as an area where britain would not have the same level of influence if it was outside the eu .
` ` i have some great , great years at mansfield town and it gave a lot to me as a club and i gave a lot back .
` ` however , 36 motorcyclists were killed on london 's roads last year , a death toll that is unacceptably high , and part of a bigger picture of collisions and injuries affecting motorcyclists , many of them life - changing in their seriousness . ''
a spokesman for the porto regional league told afp gonclaves has been banned for four years for the attack on the referee , three months for assaulting an opposition players and two months for ` ` insults '' .
the 20-year - old made his bristol rovers debut in april 2014 , but has yet to start a game for the league two club .
protesters say they intend to achieve what they are calling a shutdown of the capital .
steve eckersley , head of enforcement at the information commissioner 's office , warned fraudsters that his organisation has stronger powers since last month .
the 22-year - old has scored 11 times in 18 games in the seventh tier this season and will join the premier league champions ' under-23 side for the rest of the season .
thanks to the release by wikileaks of emails possibly acquired by russian hackers , the public has been given an inside view of the clinton campaign - and the picture it paints is often unflattering .
ironically mr gulen fled to america in 1999 amid accusations of trying to overthrow the secular government .
mr mann , who is from shetland and now lives in glasgow , works on the rigs and created his star wars collection of photographs in his free time .
she will start work as ipswich 's dedicated hedgehog officer next month .
kent were reduced to 40 - 4 but northeast shared an unbroken 185 with will gidman -lrb- 63 not out -rrb- as runners - up kent batted through the remainder of the day .
across both acute and community settings , there are simply too few nurses .
a met police spokesman said three officers suffered minor injuries and the fourth is in hospital in a serious condition .
the yorkshire ambulance service paramedic told the jury : ` ` my first personal thought was it was a possible plane crash , the way the house had caved in .
one town , santa olga , has been destroyed by the blaze .
konta reached the wimbledon semi - finals with a thrilling defeat of romanian second seed simona halep which was watched by a peak of 7.4 million viewers , the bbc 's best tv figures for the 2017 tournament .
north - east rivals newcastle are the only team below them in the premier league table .
` ` we are assessing with the national disaster management centre -lrb- conred -rrb- whether we will need to evacuate the 3,000 people who live in the villages of el rodeo and patrocinio , '' said the pacaya national park director , humberto morales .
more than 70 % of people in the uk nationally say they like wind farms , according to a government survey .
moth , from whitehills in aberdeenshire , pleaded guilty to conducting himself in a disorderly manner , posting grossly offensive comments on facebook and breaching the peace , aggravated by religious prejudice when he appeared at aberdeen sheriff court on 4 december .
third seed murray plays italian 25th seed andreas seppi in the third match on centre court at around 17:00 bst .
` ` we have certainly been experiencing challenging times over the last 12 - 18 months but the industry is a robust one .
sayes court will double in size and provide an additional 210 places by september 2015 .
the national assets management agency -lrb- nama -rrb- is the republic of ireland 's ` ` bad bank '' , set up to deal with toxic loans during the irish banking crisis , and the sale of nama 's northern ireland portfolio is known as project eagle .
monday 's dublin meeting is part of an assembly external affairs committee inquiry and is on the day the uk begins the process of leaving the eu .
but in the day , he just loves to shop !
in 1978 , young created superted as a story to read to his young stepson richard , who was afraid of the dark , at bedtime .
prince harry has spent a week in new zealand , his first visit to the country .
he has subsequently been convicted in two trials of tax evasion and fraud .
he has been taken to a south london police station and is being questioned by officers from the counter terrorism command unit .
the japanese otter was believed to be either a subspecies of the eurasian otter or possibly even a separate species .
the agreement appears to bring to an end a bitter dispute between the coalition and the afghan government .
the result moves everton up to fifth on 12 points , while west brom , who have yet to win at home , drop to 15th with eight points .
mr key , who was formerly at merrill lynch as a foreign exchange dealer , ended nine years of labour party rule in 2008 when he ousted helen clark as prime minister .
the hawk jet was promptly joined by another aircraft from the same squadron as a wingman to provide guidance .
many other bakers around the world have also made cakes to celebrate jk rowling 's special day .
lead researcher prof giovanni mastrobuoni said education tended to have a protective effect against getting involved with crime , but he added : ` ` it is also true that if you decide to be a criminal it 's better to be a better - educated one . ''
rovers remain level with airdrieonians , who drew at home with forfar athletic .
chelsea 's place at the premier league summit is the reward .
it says it is reproducing the model of sharia rule espoused by the taliban in afghanistan and the islamic state of iraq , a militant umbrella group that includes al - qaeda in iraq .
judge carlos castro martins reversed the order he had issued in september , which had barred any work on the belo monte dam that interfered with the natural flow of the xingu river .
it is also the first time this year that the number of transactions has fallen below 100,000 a month .
the whole family was able to escape , but their house is destroyed and their dog and cats did not make it .
duckett 's 131-ball 220 not out was the ninth - highest list a score ever , while bell - drummond hit 171 off 139 .
she passed ` ` with flying colours '' according to her tutors , and is now looking forward to a bright future in the sport .
murdoch - masila 's try reduced the deficit to two as gareth o'brien missed the conversion , but greg minkin powered over to extend castleford 's lead .
northumberland county council said the weather was now warm enough for its jetpatcher machines to tackle the holes .
glover and swann won three world cup events together last season as well as the world title in south korea .
pembrokeshire council also wants to create a one - way system , footways and a public transport hub , with work starting later this year .
he told victoria derbyshire there had been a huge reluctance within parliament , which oversees its own security , to have armed officers on patrol .
mcmanus netted from close range on the quarter - hour mark to open the scoring and ross forbes ' deflected strike quickly doubled morton 's lead .
romania , who finished sixth in the team epee in london , were in control throughout the game after winning the opening bout .
he added : ` ` the scottish government has been working to progress the much - needed improvements to the a9 at berriedale braes .
` ` johnson has been wanted on recall to prison for two years and he has obviously been living the high life abroad , but that has been cut short and he 's now back behind bars . ''
meanwhile , shaibu amodu who was formally appointed the country 's technical director last week , takes over as caretaker coach and will be assisted by salisu yusuf until a permanent successor is appointed .
by organising a concert in the ruins of palmyra , russia wants the world to see that it is making a positive contribution in syria : bringing peace and stability to the country , and , in the case of palmyra , saving a unesco heritage site .
the eiu ranking uses a scale of one to 25 , with mr trump garnering a rating of 12 , the same level of risk as ` ` the rising threat of jihadi terrorism destabilising the global economy '' .
the council has been working with amy lamÃ © , the mayor of london 's ` ` night czar '' , on how to bring back a lgbt venue to hackney road .
the russians had hoped to prove the plane never entered turkish airspace , as claimed by ankara .
the rugby football league say their match commissioner had no concerns about the surface , which is the first artificial pitch ever to be used in the sport .
after a heated debate , councillors voted 28 to 22 in favour of another consultation .
addresses in birmingham and london have also been searched .
in total , blackberry said it had shipped a total of about six million handsets in the three months to early march .
police scotland received more than 5,000 complaints since may in total , said assistant chief constable higgins , ranging from incivility to use of excessive force .
the pilot was introduced after the council said it only had six full - time traffic wardens to police illegal parking outside its 50 schools .
scotland 's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven , achieved in 1983 and 2015 .
` ` it 's likely that this will lead to a flood of milk and probably pull down the price even further .
llewelyn - bowen , who said he only found out about the closure via twitter , said he was shocked at the news .
rand paul , a republican who represents the libertarian wing on the party , dropped out of the race on wednesday after finishing fifth in iowa .
she said one of the reasons for the shortage of specialists was the traumatic work they carry out .
the nativity story tells how wise men , or magi , came to pay their homage to jesus bringing him gifts of gold , frankincense and myrrh .
a second 16-year - old boy arrested at the scene on saturday on suspicion of affray and possession of a weapon remains in custody .
the best known of the virtual warriors are the ukrainian cyber troops , the cyber berkut and anonymous international .
mr gething said he is considering whether to make hospitals screen patients with symptoms in the same way .
the 200th anniversary of the battle has seen a series of events re - enacting important moments .
sources told the bbc that more than 40 people , most of them soldiers and volunteers from a vigilante group , had been killed in total - although other sources suggest the number killed may rise further still .
she urged local authorities and housing associations to ` ` get on with the fire safety checks '' .
dr kevin clancy , director of the royal mint museum , said : ` ` this is a particularly significant year in royal mint history as we welcome in the new 12-sided # 1 coin , with its innovative security features .
there was little flair in real 's victory , but the players obeyed zidane 's command - delivered in the wake of the defeat by atletico - to ` ` run more '' .
the hearing was told a senior police officer regarded the posts as ` ` highly offensive '' , prompting the licence to be revoked .
however , critics and campaign groups say , that in reality , the investigation into killings by soldiers and police officers has virtually ground to a halt .
the leader of pasok , evangelos venizelos , proposed a broad four - party coalition including new democracy , pasok , the democratic left and syriza .
` ` he 's 32 and remains a key figure in my plans and needless to say , i ' m delighted he has signed a contract extension , '' added the 53-year - old .
mr burns and mr porter deny assaulting mr findlay to the danger of his life by throwing sulphuric acid on his face .
and head coach gregor townsend said : ` ` jonny has made a huge contribution over the last couple of seasons and it 's great news that he 's staying with us for another three years .
police were called to station road , wood green , at about 03:20 bst after receiving reports of a stabbing outside the jolly anglers public house .
british transport police -lrb- btp -rrb- said the incident happened at the gipsy lane level crossing , needham market , near ipswich at about 14:00 bst .
centre - back van den berg , 26 , led her country at the 2015 world cup in canada and has been capped 75 times .
johnston 's goal put kilcoo 1 - 6 to 0 - 6 up early in the second half and was always likely to prove decisive in such a low - scoring contest .
the wedgwood museum inherited waterford wedgwood plc 's pension bill after the firm collapsed in 2009 .
south sudan has suffered from chronic economic problems since it split from sudan in 2011 .
but it 's the dup alliance battle which is box office - something underlined by the large audience which packed out the strand cinema in east belfast to watch the two frontrunners go head to head .
apple and google have yet to respond to mr comey 's comments .
defender gumbs and midfielder duggan , both 20 and former academy players , have also signed one - year deals .
evans stated before the fight that he wants a shot at wbo lightweight champion terry flanagan and victory over ormond will improve his wbo ranking of ninth .
robert gray , 60 , from bearsden , submitted a string of false vat returns to hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- between october 2011 and august 2013 .
your profile would be a great profile to be one of our lodgers .
it has won four contracts to operate price comparison sites on behalf of online businesses , such as uswitch .
the man was found unconscious at a flat in caledonia court on wednesday .
ms dixon warns this means that without addressing the problem at the highest level is will not be defeated .
it reopened in 2010 after residents formed the hudswell community pub ltd group and raised Â # 200,000 to buy the building and land .
the pledge to work with the us is a clear signal of china 's displeasure with north korea .
a downside of the economic boom has been environmental degradation ; china is home to many of the world 's most - polluted cities .
the standard rate was originally set at 0.075 % , but it was raised slightly in march to 0.078 % , and is now being raised again , to 0.088 % , from january .
county manager jim mcintyre said : ` ` he has 35 international caps for lithuania under his belt , bringing a wealth of experience to the squad . ''
right on the day we 're discussing the energy sector law . ''
police scotland have appealed to anyone who may have seen the elderly woman , or the bin lorry , before the incident occurred .
rumours of a tour to celebrate the band 's golden anniversary have been circulating for a number of years .
freeing children to go out alone in their local area benefited their health and development , the researchers said .
and in the aftermath of the facebook townhall in particular , some talk has begun to surface about what mr zuckerberg 's real india ambitions are .
head coach eddie jones said on sunday that he was ` ` confident '' watson would feature against italy .
after several months of training , ` ` pilots '' are said to be able to teach their brain how to think about moving a small circle on a computer screen either up or down , which in turn steers the drone left or right .
a spokesman for the metropolitan police told the bbc : ` ` police were called at 19:29 gmt on monday , 23 january following an allegation that a member of staff had been racially abused at heathrow airport , terminal five .
spencer came out on top to win the cow bell trophy as he beat louis smith by almost one metre in the final jump .
warburton was sent off in wales ' 9 - 8 world cup semi - final defeat by france in 2011 , and after this latest disappointment said : ` ` hopefully i will be around when one of these tight ones goes our way . ''
23 march 2017 last updated at 14:55 gmt
abendanon played two matches for england in 2007 but last summer he moved from bath to clermont , scoring a fine solo try in the 24 - 18 loss to toulon .
partick thistle 1 , ross county 1 .
when the kidneys were tested in the laboratory , urine production reached 23 % of natural ones .
walker made his hearts debut in the 2011 - 12 campaign and has scored a total of 41 goals in 135 games for the jambos .
friday 's competition was the first major event in manchester since the attack and drew thousands to a sunny deansgate and albert square .
also , it should be remembered that the stoppages are from 08:00 to 17:00 bst - not for 24 or 48 hours as the previous strikes have been - so there will be some respite during the two days .
` ` i have been given a telephone extension on the system here in parliament but as i do n't actually have a telephone or a desk or an office for any of those things i ' m not sure what good that does me at the moment . ''
townsend 's warriors have failed to earn a pro12 semi - final spot for the first time in five seasons , finishing in sixth place regardless of saturday 's result .
grand theft auto v became the fastest - selling entertainment product ever when it was released on 17 september 2013 , taking just three days to generate $ 1bn -lrb- Â # 620 m -rrb- in revenue .
mr jenkin said he and his colleagues wanted to know why the government was planning to partially ` ` disapply '' the existing rules on government announcements in the four weeks leading up to the referendum .
investigators in operation pallial have found evidence of 140 allegations of historical abuse between 1963 and 1992 .
` ` apparently there had been a road closure and one of his colleagues told him to take a right , which he did .
she said over 500 new recruits every year were needed to ensure the force could deal with emerging crime trends .
` ` we are deeply ashamed of our cat , especially as he had convinced us that he had changed his criminal ways , '' his owner wrote to neighbours .
perry beeches iii was opened by the prime minister in september 2013 .
i love working under neil warnock , so it was a no - brainer to come here to cardiff , '' he added .
clough says barker is still capable of making an impact as a player .
last year , burundi and the gambia , along with south africa , also said they would leave the court .
police scotland confirmed that it has been contacted by another former pupil in recent days concerning what it calls a historical matter at gordonstoun .
the two people , who were suffering from smoke inhalation , were rescued from a first floor window .
the fact - finding mission for the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons -lrb- opcw -rrb- , which is based in the hague , concluded that , after interviewing witnesses and examining samples , ` ` a large number of people , some of whom died , were exposed to sarin or a sarin - like substance '' .
a recent survey revealed many of the trees in linford manor park are more than 300 years old and are considered significant because of their relationship to the design of the 18th century grounds .
chile demanded at the weekend that venezuela make the journalist 's whereabouts known .
kerry foods said employees were given confirmation of the plant 's closure on wednesday following a 90-day consultation period .
the colourful game is an xbox one exclusive and due out later this year .
the result guaranteed that the tournament will have a different winner for the first time since norway 's triumph in 1993 , with germany having won the following six european championships .
grant ward -lrb- ipswich town -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
she was found dead in the cell three days after her arrest and officials say she hanged herself .
europe are aiming to continue their recent dominance of the biennial event by winning a fourth consecutive ryder cup for the first time .
the study by a number of welsh universities showed under-15s were five times more likely to need hospital care than non - diabetic children .
it opened up earlier this week after a record amount of rainfall fell and has continued to grow since .
jobbik increased its share of the vote , becoming the second - largest political party in the country .
the judge described him as ` ` a dominating bully '' who had never had a legitimate income and had an ` ` utter disregard '' for the effects the weapons would have when used by criminals .
she touched down in glasgow at 21:44 after travelling from lima , via amsterdam , with her father william .
the group , which has its roots in north - eastern nigeria , is linked to bloodshed in which some 2,000 people have died since 2010 .
terry is out of contract at the end of the season and has not been offered a new deal at stamford bridge .
the 49-page court ruling added that the plaintiffs challenging president trump 's order are likely to succeed in proving the order unconstitutional .
inside there are a variety of charging stations for different models of phone and a screen which shows adverts .
torquay have not beaten tranmere since 1998 , having lost the last three matches the two sides have played since rovers were relegated to the national league in 2015 .
what 's saying that she ca n't be the next ronda rousey , i 'd love to see her achieve that sort of status . ''
conservative shadow business minister william graham 's family surveying firm has history going back to 1844 in the city centre .
new horizons ' 23-second thruster burn will adjust very slightly its speed and arrival time .
rose also shot one of the day 's best rounds , but his 66 was only good enough to move him into a tie for 19th .
one of the men dropped his backpack , fired a weapon at the agents , and ran , according to a criminal complaint filed in us federal court in washington on wednesday .
this would have been the third successive quarter of india 's economy growing faster than china 's .
speaking to the sunday world , mr barklie said he was not a racist and denied taking part in any racist singing .
` ` when you were a young lad you had to do certain jobs around the place , like the boots , shampoos for the first team , get the coffee , do n't eat until the first team get here .
the london - based centre for cities think - tank said all uk cities faced ` ` significant economic challenges '' as the uk leaves the eu due to a predicted increase in trading costs .
however , there have been some signs that parts of the capital are returning to normal .
a total of 457 flats are affected and will start to be emptied in october , with residents rehomed over the next four years .
a man in his late 40s was arrested at the scene .
the game ebbed and flowed , from the brilliance of jos buttler , to sri lanka slipping to 15 - 4 , then the hitting of angelo mathews taking it to the final over .
mr jonathan had been due to hold his first meeting with some of the girls ' parents on tuesday .
ahmed , a sunni , claimed that he had killed mr shah because he had posted videos online in which the shopkeeper had ` ` disrespected '' islam by claiming to be a prophet .
` ` the africanised honey bee makes different sound to the european bees , '' said microbiology professor les bailie .
` ` you ca n't come to headingley and turn over too much ball or kick poorly as they 're a dangerous team . ''
the tiny patients are n't expected to be able to survive on their own until the summer when it 's hoped they 'll eventually be moved to a large , outdoor enclosure with a pool and will be fed live food .
two more explosive devices were found at law firms over the weekend in the city , but they were detonated by police , and no one was injured .
mr videgaray has been one of the president 's closest advisers , orchestrating a successful election campaign in 2012 .
efl cup third round
` ` any original and unpublished letter that gives new insights into a collectable writer 's ideas is going to have an appeal , and this one has literary , autobiographical , philosophical and theological content , so ticks every box .
the queen clearly knew all about the incident concerned and interjected : ` ` they were very rude to the ambassador . ''
the explosive cartridges for the jet 's ejector seat and canopy had expiry dates of june and july 2014 , more than a year before the crash .
the national lottery windfall has been won with a ticket bought somewhere in denbighshire for the 1 april draw .
two referendums were held on welsh devolution .
it is not the first time mr benzema has been involved in a police inquiry .
lydia , who was at university at the time 50-year - old tracey and 13-year - old pierce were stabbed , spoke of her devastation .
north america is the world 's richest region with $ 51tn , but is expected to be surpassed by asia in 2016 .
i grew up there and my work as a miner was hard .
rodgers said : ` ` raheem has two years left on his deal and i expect him to see that two years through . ''
opening proceedings at the royal courts of justice , lord justice pitchford said : ` ` it seems likely that the inquiry will expose both creditable and discreditable conduct , practice and management .
that led to a pit stop and a drop down to 12th place with 20 laps to go , from which he fought back to finish sixth .
scotland and afghanistan met during the world t20 in nagpur in march , when this week 's visitors secured a 14-run victory along with qualification from the group stages , where they also beat the eventual winners west indies .
match ends , guiseley 2 , ebbsfleet united 2 .
the online resource will be added to in the coming weeks .
find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .
on the ftse 250 , shares in ws atkins jumped 6 % following a report in the times that the engineering company had been approached by us company ch2 m over a possible merger .
the men are believed to have been working in a paint - spraying area .
adamu is alleged to have breached fifa 's code of ethics but no further details were provided .
the markit / cips survey found new export orders contracted for the fourth straight month in april as the global economy continued to slow .
starting under the redheugh bridge and finishing past the millennium bridge , the 1500 m race first began in 1997 but stopped in 2010 due to funding issues .
it added : ` ` we and katie hopkins apologise to the mahmood family for the distress and embarrassment caused and have agreed to pay them substantial damages and their legal costs . ''
mr trump said the plans were about keeping america safe from terrorism , and it was not a ban against muslims .
he added : ` ` there 's this constant pressure of being a gay man working for the church of england , in an institution which is institutionally homophobic and has policies and attitudes towards the lgbt community which are harmful . ''
blackburn rovers 1 , bristol city 1 .
komi republic is a huge region in russia 's far north , much of it forested .
jackson irvine -lrb- burton albion -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
on monday , some bond yields - which rise as the price falls - hit their highest for more than six months .
an action fraud spokesman said it could take up to 28 days to determine whether there were ` ` sufficient lines of enquiry for an investigation based in the uk '' .
he spent five years with le havre , scoring six times in 60 games after moving from amateur club quimper .
sorrell leczkowski , from leeds , is believed to have gone to the manchester arena with her family to pick up her sister .
` ` it 's not that much different for us compared to the athletes .
diamond wheels -lrb- dundee -rrb- ltd , registered at nethergate , dundee , pleaded guilty to a charge under the health and safety at work act .
in many ways , manchester city 's display at the liberty stadium was a fitting way to end an underwhelming season that began with such promise before limping to a satisfactory but below - par conclusion .
criterium du dauphine stage three result :
` ` you can also use it with a heart - rate monitor for more accurate calorie counting when exercising . ''
foyle road , which was closed between the lower deck of the craigavon bridge and john street roundabout , has reopened .
he was also jailed for four years after admitting perverting the course of justice which will be served concurrently .
mrs smith said she was still hoping to fly to new zealand for the scattering of her grandfather 's ashes .
improving education in northern nigeria was already an immense task , even before boko haram started its campaign of violence .
the usual punishment for violent conduct is three games , with andrew 's initial 12-match ban one of the longest handed out in english football .
he described it as an ` ` important development in the fight against hiv '' but said the costs of antibody therapy and the emergence of resistance must be taken into account .
the claims were made by whistleblowers , among them vitaly stepanov , a former russian anti - doping official , and his wife yulia , a former 800 m runner who was banned for doping .
the smell of money permeates the las vegas strip at the best of times .
` ` although the suspects tried to conceal their identities , we have been able to get a very detailed description of one of the men , '' sgt simon harrold said .
under co - operative housing models , groups of like - minded people can come together and buy land to provide housing , and members of that co - op group can then buy shares in the new homes .
fire crews were called to the blaze in a second - floor property on george street at about 05:15 .
winnipeg police service say some of the ` ` conversation was inappropriate '' and have promised an internal review .
the sun on sunday wants to publish an account of alleged extra - marital activities by the man , who is referred to as pjs .
lancashire have gone above hampshire and yorkshire up to second in division one , 14 points behind leaders essex , who beat warwickshire - also by an innings .
the woman was attacked in the seagate area , near dundee bus station , at about 22:30 on sunday .
it was resolved on friday after 66 % of luas drivers voted to accept a pay rise deal recommended by the labour court .
morgan said the decision to leave ` ` was n't easy '' but she hoped the move ` ` pushes my game to another level '' .
earlier police said a post - mortem examination would be carried out to establish the exact cause of death .
despite the constitutional ban on serving more than two consecutive terms , president evo morales was allowed to run for a third term in 2014 .
two winning ideas will be tested by the crew of the international space station .
the professional conduct panel has said it did not find the case proven .
at the other end of the spectrum , there are plenty of people making goods a little better , and more expensively .
british gas owner centrica rose 2.6 % after the energy firm said it was on track to meet expectations for full - year earnings .
` ` it 's good for the profile of the top tier to have the very biggest city clubs back . ''
saints have finished seventh and sixth under koeman - their best premier league campaigns .
the police were called out to ms bowe 's home before the incident .
fe gysylltodd teulu elen jones , 36 oed a ' i mab wyth oed , lewis rhys jones gyda ' r heddlu i ddweud nad yw ' r ddau wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd mawrth 17 ionawr .
the dangerous dogs act has been amended over time .
the coins will now be sent to the british museum in london for valuation .
` ` it was -lsb- frustrating -rsb- because i have expectations to play european games but it was not this year .
benedict cumberbatch has been nominated for the best actor oscar for his role in the imitation game , and while david oyelowo missed out on an acting nomination for selma , the film is in the running for best picture at next month 's ceremony .
in what is only his second tournament as a professional , the 23-year - old expressed delight at his impressive start .
` ` it gives you that buzz of playing in front of friends and family who do n't often get to come see you . ''
the report cleared world cup hosts russia and qatar of wrongdoing .
with her background in nursing and her husband 's as a doctor , the couple had some knowledge of the condition .
an urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols by the maritime and coastguard agency -lrb- mca -rrb- has been recommended by the maib in a newly - published report of its investigation .
a fake report made to look as if it came from cnn has also been circulating .
danson needed time out after being struck in the head by the ball , but recovered to deliver a composed lofted finish over new zealand keeper sally rutherford to win britain the match .
murdoch had joined county last summer after his departure from fleetwood town .
the police statement said : ` ` the suspect has been co - operative but has n't been able to clarify a specific motive for his suspected act .
interior ministry spokesman sidiq sidiqi said : ` ` abdul rahman rahimi , the former police chief of balkh , is appointed as kabul police chief and general zahir is appointed as the head of the counter crime department .
the teenage pedestrian was knocked down by a ford focus in oldgate lane , thrybergh , rotherham , on saturday , said south yorkshire police .
at a previous hearing at bristol crown court , bisset admitted causing death by dangerous driving , causing serious injury by dangerous driving and possessing a class a drug .
northern ireland will mark armistice day by wearing plain black armbands in the world cup qualifier against azerbaijan in belfast .
plaid wants to restore the 50p income tax rate for earnings above # 150,000 , increase national insurance contributions for higher earners and put a tax on sugary drinks .
nigerian keshi , who died suddenly aged 54 , was appointed head coach of togo three times between 2004 and 2011 .
meanwhile , thunder 's male counterparts also reached the final of the men 's big bash league , beating adelaide strikers by eight wickets .
` ` i did n't tie the boy to the donkey , '' he told journalists .
the rig is to be used in the plugging and abandoning of wells and a clean - up of beatrice 's platform complex .
the 4 - 3 win meant golden state became only the 10th team to rally from a 3 - 1 deficit to win a play - off series .
sothalingam had been at a birthday party on the fifth floor of a morrison 's car park in mitcham , the court heard .
the two have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of the 22-year - old man , and remain in custody , police said .
later in the year , one nigerian mp gave an example of just how far women still have to go in the battle against abusive language and gender equality .
hazrat mirza masroor ahmad , the caliph of the ahmadiyya muslim community -lrb- amc -rrb- , said his ` ` heartfelt sympathies '' were with the victims .
chairwoman alex bird said : ` ` i can confirm that a member of staff has been suspended .
a statement on zamalek 's official website said : ` ` murtaza mansour , chairman of the club , has confirmed that alex mcleish has signed with him in principle to lead the first team . ''
they show that there has been an overall increase of 53 % in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 years .
in the process , the west indies also became the first two - time winners of the men 's world twenty20 .
` ` we need to improve across the board , '' said mott .
a swedish couple adopted her when she was two - and - a - half years old and gave her a new life .
he said that when added to the last monitoring round it means the executive has allocated an additional # 200 m to health in 2016/17 .
the national association of schoolmasters and union of women teachers -lrb- nasuwt -rrb- , which represents almost half the teachers at de la salle college , welcomed the appointments .
the experiment , detailed in the journal nature , then tested the ai against 21 trained skin cancer doctors .
cafodd bangor a ' r wyddgrug eu cynnwys ar restr lleoliadau posib ar gyfer teledu lleol gafodd ei chyhoeddi gan yr adran dros ddiwylliant , y cyfryngau a chwaraeon yn 2011 .
junior doctors ' leaders are objecting to the prospect of a new contract .
valerie cadogan was cycling with her husband when she struck the 25 cm -lrb- 10 in -rrb- wide , 11 cm -lrb- 4 in -rrb- pothole and hit her head , newport coroner 's court heard .
sgt malcolm kinross , of police scotland 's divisional road policing unit , said : ` ` our thoughts at this difficult time are with the family and friends of damian piotrowski .
the world championships take place in budapest , hungary from 14 july .
mr lewis added : ` ` we 're calling on all cat owners in the llanidloes area to be vigilant and to take their cat to a vet straight away if they suspect they have been poisoned . ''
the planned system would see passengers transported in gondolas along a route from cardiff central train station .
the rape comments in a youtube video are the latest in a string of inflammatory statements - including the proposed mass executions of suspected criminals - made by mr duterte .
ruth tudor , president of the open university 's students ' association , thinks the scheme is a positive one .
the manx government said it was particularly concerned about ` ` the structural integrity of ageing waste storage ponds and silos '' .
the trust was told to focus on issues including staff training , safety and risk assessments in mental health .
the dow jones was up 117.59 points to 17,599.08 , having itself moved into positive territory for the year on thursday .
yn ddiweddar fe syrthiodd rhan o ' r pier i ' r môr ac yn fuan wedyn cafodd ei ddifrodi ymhellach gan storm doris .
kenya - born kirwa , who secured bahrain 's first ever olympic silver and second medal of all time , failed to stay with sumgong and both women looked physically exhausted after they crossed the line .
` ` he 's an important player , on and off the pitch , so it 's great news that he has committed his future for the next three years . ''
the bbc 's world service correspondent in mauritius , yasine mohabuth , obtained a copy of the letter .
` ` they got 50 % of the vote and 95 % of the seats and the reality is you have to respond to that and i think what the government needs to do is produce a white paper which sets out how fiscal autonomy , devo - max , call it what you will , would work in practice so people are aware of the advantages and the disadvantages . ''
` ` we wanted to capture the whole evolution of the india monsoon from when it intensified about 8 million years ago , '' said dr littler .
st .   johnstone 2 , inverness ct 0 .
` ` rolf harris - icon to inmate .
the comet has since moved nearer to the sun and philae has enough power to work again , says the bbc 's science correspondent jonathan amos .
when the controversial law on ngos was approved in november , a number of prominent russian groups said they would not comply - even if that risked closure .
ms foster said : ` ` the establishment of a new industry - led agri - food marketing body , which would be similar to the already successful scotland food and drink , will provide a significant and exciting opportunity for the northern ireland agri - food industry to work together for the benefit of the entire sector .
the airport and the al - ghazlani base are on mosul 's southern outskirts on the western side of the tigris river .
rachel smith , 42 , of sedgemoor road , has been charged with assisting an offender .
take a look at how the baby deer is settling in .
as the eloquent argentine boss explained in the build - up to his team 's latest triumph , barcelona 's strength lies in controlling possession ; atletico 's lies in controlling space .
in a statement on thursday , ofcom said it had received letters from telefonica and hutchison stating their intention to bring legal action against the regulator over its decision to begin the auction before the outcome of the european commission 's findings .
the suspect , 26 , was arrested the following day on suspicion of offences under the terrorism act .
she said : ` ` the message i can get across is to say that decisions about the scottish labour party will be made here in scotland and they will be made by me . ''
in the bravery category , peter fuller was nominated for stepping in to stop a machete attack in mold in january 2015 .
` ` i ' m really , really please to be selected as part of team gb for this summer .
there could be a backlash from city after their defeat by monaco but , even if there is , i do n't see them keeping a clean sheet .
they were recorded dumping items including building rubble , heating pipes and 15 rotting sheep carcasses .
the 32-year - old prince told the programme : ` ` i always feel like i need to make something of my life .
` ` it supports people by giving benefit advice , legal advice and peer support such as me and amy , who have been in similar situations and who are now helping other people who ' ve suffered from major trauma . ''
will green , head of communications at ntw , said : ` ` despite great efforts over recent years , mental ill health is still surrounded by prejudice , ignorance and fear .
knightley , who turns 30 next year , previously trod the boards in london in the misanthrope and the children 's hour .
the us justice department is also conducting a civil rights review of the baltimore force and mr batts has been criticised by the city 's police union .
this tension in the democrat race is a relatively recent development .
britain face new zealand at 16:30 on wednesday in the final match in pool c .
she said her husband had already left his job .
now , the european commission has opened a so - called ` ` pilot case '' to look at the issue .
the last movie in the franchise grossed nearly double in its opening weekend box office .
city signed balotelli from inter milan for # 24 m in 2010 and he scored 30 goals in 80 appearances for the club .
reverend alyson buxton said it was ` ` fantastic '' to see the church lit up .
the firm said creating the latest street view expansion had posed unique challenges .
the sentencing council is responsible for trying to ensure consistency in criminal sentencing across all courts in england and wales and it draws up complex guidelines to assist judges .
routledge 's brace came after the break and kenji gorre finished off the win against a team who play in the united states ' third tier .
karagounis made his international debut in 1999 and amassed a record 139 caps for his country , scoring 10 goals in the process .
so far the printed cartilage has been tested on mice and , after eight weeks , appeared to have developed the properties of real cartilage , suggesting it has potential for insertion into human patients .
mr carson recounts these stories during speeches and in his autobiography as evidence that he was a misguided youth who only achieved success after a religious awakening .
a complaint has also been made by the priest against roy williamson , a former bishop of bradford and now an honorary assistant bishop with the diocese of southwell and nottingham , that he failed to act at the time of the abuse .
the uk government is among those arguing that the eu aid budget can help stem the flow of poor and desperate migrants seeking a better life in europe .
the source said 10 is militants and five tribesmen had died in the clashes that followed .
the rmt confirmed it would attend talks with southern ` ` over the guards jobs and safety dispute '' on friday .
the council had commissioned the review by childcare expert malcolm newsam after it ` ` received allegations that there were failures to act appropriately in following safeguarding procedures in respect of an individual case , '' he added .
` ` i will be far from the only person reduced to tears last night at the picture of a little boy washed up on a beach .
` ` we would go to the ends of the earth to do so , but none of us can .
it marks the first time that the 24-year - old midfielder has played for a club outside of the netherlands .
one of the reasons the 1922 meeting has been moved forward is so any deal can be discussed before it is sealed .
` ` i learned a lot about myself -lsb- against joubert -rsb- .
glorifying the nazi era is a crime in austria .
councillor alan robins said : ` ` king george 's piano has long been on a wish list of desirable assets for the royal pavilion and so we 're thrilled to have brought it back to its rightful home .
but if that tourist tide keeps rising they might start to seem a little more tempting .
mr amoroso was found not - guilty of two counts of sexual activity in the presence of a child .
the expansion is expected to be the largest in the firm 's 20-year history .
some political journalists at likud headquarters were arguing within hours of the exit polls that the results sent such a confused signal about the political mood in israel that they made another election likely within a year .
anita szucs , 30 , died after an apparent hit - and - run on bounces road , enfield , while karla roman , 32 , was killed in a crash with a coach on whitechapel high street , tower hamlets .
the islamic center has been used as a polling station at least since 2010 , the washington post reported .
the details were likely to have been stolen when used to access malware - ridden sites .
the us state department said it was ` ` very concerned '' and urged authorities to stop the ` ` harassment '' of ngo staff .
members of the irish national teachers ' organisation -lrb- into -rrb- are also due to stage a half - day strike on 18 january .
hugh shaw , the secretary of state 's representative for maritime salvage and intervention , who is overseeing the salvage operation , has said a decision on the final destination of the rig has still to be made .
argentina 's juan imhoff : ` ` it was a tough game , we worked a lot to get this victory .
the 18-year - old helped the brewers win automatic promotion from league one last season during a three - month loan .
far from being a prickly atmosphere in the studio , there appeared to be real warmth between the extrovert racehorse owner , the man he wants to coach his club - brian noble , and the rugby league legend he wants to sign from warrington - adrian morley .
knaresborough station , in north yorkshire , is being made watertight and the chimney stack on the signal box is being removed and rebuilt .
this year , just 47.5 % managed to reach a grade of a * - c , compared with 50.6 % last year and 52.8 % in 2013 .
philippe bernard , london correspondent of france 's left - of - centre le monde , agrees that boris johnson 's ` ` defiance '' of david cameron gives a ` ` potentially decisive impetus '' to the brexit campaign and could see him oust the prime minister .
troops from senegal and other west african countries crossed into the gambia after an initial deadline for mr jammeh to stand down passed with his resignation .
the original dolly died at the relatively modest age for a sheep of six - and - a - half .
as widely predicted , pixar 's inside out won best animated film and veteran italian composer ennio morricone won his third golden globe for quentin tarantino 's the hateful eight .
istanbul basaksehir shocked turkish football by finishing second behind besiktas in the league and emerging runners - up in the cup final last week .
he told sky news : ` ` on the big issues , sadly , which will decide the next election , which is about defending our borders and defending us as a nation , the labour opposition looks as if it is walking in the opposite direction .
the search involved the coastguard helicopter , cliff teams , lifeboat crews and police .
a stem cell expert said this was ` ` the future '' of cancer treatment .
` ` hopefully it 'll bring out the best in both of us and put england rugby in a good place . ''
the 21-year - old , who has appeared 82 times for brighton , played five games on loan at karl robinson 's championship strugglers earlier this campaign .
nottingham forest 1 , preston north end 1 .
` ` but it does not surprise me as the ethics commission president had already announced that michel would be suspended for several years .
thames water said the flooding was caused by a burst water main on coombe road .
` ` someone there said one of the tree surgeons had an accident with a chainsaw . ''
gwent police officers will receive training from network for surviving stalking and watch a film called trouble with an ex , produced by the charity and funded by gwent 's police and crime commissioner .
mohammadreza naghdi , the commander - in - chief of iran 's own paramilitary force , the basij , said last week that funding for the ndf was overseen by gen hamedani .
bbc presenter gary lineker , a leicester city fan and former foxes player , tweeted : ` ` just saw the footage of some leicester fans behaving despicably in madrid .
guide and assistance dogs are the only animals allowed on easyjet flights .
` ` i told the players if nobody wanted to play i would never speak about it and not tell anyone , but nobody came .
pride and prejudice and zombies is in uk cinemas now .
however , all providers of breast implant surgery will be expected to participate in the scheme .
a 52-year - old man was arrested on suspicion of murder close to where the victim was found .
also , for it to take place outside a busy supermarket in the middle of the afternoon is just shocking . ''
` ` a so - called monster truck drove into a crowd of spectators .
the duke of rothesay laid a wreath on a visit to a new memorial cairn built by the community of cabrach in moray .
please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week .
` ` our family have been completely let down by the justice system in every way possible - from the sentencing , right through to this bombshell being dropped on us now that he 's going to be out after serving just nine years , '' said mr holland 's daughter , grainne .
` ` and in the previous ryder cup at valhalla we were on the losing end of it there .
richard gray , 36 , admitted intending to cause fear of violence with the fake firearm near heene and st mary 's primary schools on 8 may .
hinkley point c would be the first new nuclear power station to be built in britain since 1995 .
dagenham reached the football league for the first time in their history in 2007 , but they now return to the national league under john still , the same manager who took the club from the conference to league one .
match ends , portugal 0 , cape verde islands 2 .
since the 1920s , turkey has had a secular constitution with no state religion .
despite her ordeal , cagney was uninjured and has since ` ` made a full recovery '' , a spokesperson from greater manchester fire and rescue said .
the family was taken to the royal berkshire hospital , but an x - ray came back clear .
evans , who won four scottish women 's premier league titles and six domestic cups with glasgow city before moving to germany with turbine potsdam , believes the benefits of having more players in the world 's top leagues benefits the national team as they close in on a first major finals .
the man 's bike was in collision with a car in the village at around noon on sunday .
a spokeswoman for hertfordshire police said they eventually helped the man and his dog out of the car via other means .
it was the beckham team 's fourth attempt to buy a suitable miami site .
the # 14.6 m college is part of a major overhaul of post-16 education by flintshire council .
even if celtic have to face rosenborg without their two leading forwards , history is in their favour .
` ` there have been wonderful health surveys done , but our new study provides data from more countries , many more subjects , and tracks people 's activity on an ongoing basis .
during the duchess ' visit , teachers and pupils were taught how to coach and pass on the basics of tennis to children .
` ` at first , the lady refused to hand over her purse but when this man hit her with the crowbar , she did give him a sum of money , '' police said .
` ` david is a programmer and works in the centre of brussels , '' said mr hartley - jones .
celtic energy transferred ownership of the mines to a firm in the caribbean , leading the serious fraud office to accuse six people including two former directors of trying to avoid paying restoration costs .
the closure , starting 3 may , will see a new flood protection wall built and a culvert installed .
after their resignation from the music industry , they rejected everything that had gone before in the most extreme way in 1994 - taking the # 1 m they had left in royalties to the island of jura and burning bundles of # 50 notes .
hoffenheim are three points above bremen after a third victory in four games as they won 2 - 0 at next - to - bottom at eintracht frankfurt .
maxine peake played hamlet on stage last year , saying she took the role of the vengeful prince because of a scarcity of great parts for women .
moscow has said it has no intention of invading eastern ukraine , where pro - russia activists have seized government buildings in more than a dozen towns and cities .
turner also played for cambridge united , luton , swindon and southend .
south africa were having significant success at the breakdown , new zealand shipping six penalties in short order , and the world champions looked instead for territory , kicking behind the defence and into the corners .
the premier league and the football association have backed the proposal ` ` in principle '' .
he is also accused of assaulting a prison officer and wrestling with three others before trying to escape from the ultrasound department on the same day .
she was echoing a call from a government minister , adam lipinski , who said the former prime minister had ` ` a lot to answer for '' and should be prosecuted after his initial term of office came to an end in brussels in 2017 .
rodgers is also aware celtic 's visit to hampden last season in the scottish cup semi - final against rangers ended in defeat .
` ` the company has engaged in an invasion of mr charney 's privacy in a shameful attempt to extort him and gain leverage over him , '' said his lawyer keith fink .
her intention , she says , is to change the tate in the next 20 years as much as her predecessor - sir nicholas serota - changed it in the last two decades .
the number of homicide victims for 2014 - 15 stood at 59 last year but later increased to 62 , after three cases were reclassified following deaths .
in new york , police commissioner william bratton and federal officials who asked not to be identified described the decision in los angeles as an ` ` overreaction '' , reuters news agency reports .
meanwhile turkey has said it will work with russia on putting in place another ceasefire after the previous agreement collapsed .
about 24 activists accompanied by their dogs handed in the petition at the representative office of yulin city in the chinese capital , beijing .
the 35-year - old joined the iron from blackpool in 2013 and has made 119 league appearances for the league one side .
a spokesman for the care inspectorate said : ` ` everyone in scotland has the right to safe , compassionate care which meets their needs and respects their rights .
irish water also said it is prioritising the replacement of the 2.2 km water main which serves the plant .
the tribunal hearing on 4 april was told that mr warwick had removed a pen from the ` v ' of his colleague 's blouse and squeezed her breast when he placed the pen back into her blouse .
` ` it 's truly astonishing and miraculous to see .
wasps boss dai young said : ` ` the willis case could set a dangerous precedent .
among the events it has supported are wigtown book festival , spring fling and the dumfries and galloway arts festival .
russia sent a flotilla to the eastern mediterranean ahead of an expected resumption of air strikes in syria .
around 9,000 people were killed , and more than 8 million affected by the earthquake - roughly a quarter of the country 's population
asked during sunday 's pageant in las vegas whether healthcare was a privilege or a right , miss mccullough said : ` ` i ' m definitely going to say it 's a privilege . ''
england 's only injury concern is over moeen , who has felt some soreness in his side following the first test .
twelve months ago , arsenal showed an interest in signing evans but west brom rejected the approach for their captain .
fe gredir fod miss lord wedi marw ar 21 rhagfyr 2016 , ond roedd wedi ei chaethiwo o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind , ddod o hyd iddi ar ôl cyfnod y nadolig .
gm 's announcement comes against the backdrop of predictions that india will become the world 's third biggest vehicle market by 2020 .
austrian bernd wiesberger , who trailed levy by a shot after the opening round , begins his round two at bad griesbach on saturday .
the former spy , who was in the ira and sinn féin . ,   told the programme that in his experience such a murder would have to have been sanctioned by gerry adams .
devon and cornwall police confirmed the body was recovered from rocks to the north of tresco .
it is believed he was hit by a vehicle which failed to stop .
north east scotland lib dem msp alison mcinnes said : ` ` this is welcome support for the tens of thousands of people who have lost their jobs because of the downturn in the oil and gas industry .
griffiths added : ` ` if i had to choose one of the other three , i 'd go for alan archibald .
several prison officials have already been arrested under suspicion of giving inside help to guzman , who fled through a tunnel that ran 1.5 km from under a shower in his cell to outside the prison .
earlier on friday , 32 people were arrested after protests at a rally held by mr trump rally in st louis , missouri .
the government is keen to restart more reactors , which before the fukushima disaster supplied about 30 % of the country 's power .
they also say they are doing more to ` ` promote a flexible working culture '' for men and women with childcare commitments and to allow women returning from maternity leave to take up their old jobs - including in intelligence roles .
it called for a higher minimum wage of at least 4,500 rand .
the bullet was found in the body of mr murphy in october 2015 .
burke 's move to the bundesliga came after just 31 appearances for forest , during which time he scored six goals .
russell brand has thrown himself into political activism recently but a yougov poll of 2,000 people found he 's the celebrity seen as having the most ` ` negative influence '' on political debate .
in 2007 the then mayor of rome introduced a 50 euro -lrb- # 40 -rrb- a fine on couples found attaching padlocks to the bridge .
several other people received minor injuries in the crash .
power supplies resumed at 16:30 bst in the remaining 10,000 properties after 53,000 had theirs restored earlier .
he had therefore directed the central bank to ` ` immediately issue comprehensive regulations '' for the activities of the firms , ` ` upon which their suspension would be lifted '' .
the pedestrian , from tyne and wear , was struck by a vauxhall corsa on crossing boulevard in dartford at 18:07 gmt .
they are the first team to secure maximum points from their opening three games in the history of the pro12 .
he came on as a second - half substitute and set up a lionel messi chance , which the argentine missed , with a brilliant through ball .
ms mcleod said the scottish government was prepared to look at offering loans .
the exhibition will showcase the evolution of modern robotics from a 1582 iron manikin to the toy robots of the 1950s .
she is now taking legal action after her lawyer said alex 's image had been ` ` misrepresented '' and may have breached copyright issues .
` ` having said he 's for it a year ago , if the chancellor pulls the plug on it , it 'll be a disgrace . ''
seven shi tzu puppies and two full - grown lurchers were taken from the property in glendevon park , winchburgh , between 07:30 and 18:00 on wednesday .
the south africa - born forward becomes sale 's first new signing for next season .
iraqi commanders said on tuesday they had pushed is out of two northern neighbourhoods of the city .
` ` of course celtic always want to be in the champions league , but at the same time , he is not to blame .
the court heard that mr clifford was asked about the allegation in his police interview .
speaking after holding talks with austrian chancellor christian kern , mr juncker said there would be no parallel negotiations and the uk would not be allowed to conduct bilateral discussions in key areas such as finance , telecommunications or chemicals .
many of the prime minister 's harshest critics have used twitter to co - ordinate protests against him and circulate damaging information .
across parts of central chile , residents began clearing up after what was the country 's sixth most powerful recorded earthquake .
mr natzler has served as acting clerk since the retirement of sir robert rogers last year .
` ` the documentary for me started with the questions : ` is this the end of film ?
however , ali 's subdued performance , and the amount of punishment he absorbed from shavers , led many in the media to call for his retirement .
gateshead finished ninth in the national league , 13 points outside the play - off places .
over the next five years , more than Â # 1bn will be spent on the rail network in the north , the government has said .
in sochi , mr yanukovych discussed ` ` preparation of a future treaty on strategic partnership '' with russia , his press service said .
det sgt ben hodgkinson , of blackburn police , said : ` ` the circumstances would suggest this assault is linked to honour - based violence . ''
` ` it 's a message to all of those who do n't agree with what 's happening , '' argues former oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky , who is now an opposition activist in exile and himself one of the obvious targets of ramzan kadyrov 's ire .
british authorities arm a paramilitary police force made up of turkish cypriots .
` ` the service will close on 26 june . ''
the firm says it will put lancashire first for creating jobs , new skills , investment , and community initiatives .
the new york times describes mr khan 's victory as ` ` striking '' and leads with the fact that he is london 's first muslim mayor .
burns could make his fleetwood debut in the league one game against scunthorpe united on saturday .
in one incident in strabane , county tyrone , 10 people were rescued from flooded properties at a housing development .
he said a copyright of a recording amounted to a ` ` valuable property right , the stock - in - trade of artists who make their living recording music and selling records '' .
a spokesman for the welsh ambulance service said the woman had been taken to cardiff 's university hospital of wales with unknown injuries .
a video uploaded on facebook showed callum clatworthy - robins , 22 , from port talbot , consuming a fish won at a fair in bridgend county in march .
following the visit to myanmar , ms wilson will then travel to vietnam along with some of the scottish companies to identify potential opportunities in what is seen as a more established oil and gas market which is still relatively untapped by scottish companies .
fury 's traveller heritage does n't come into it , as least as far as most of the media is concerned .
the prosecution can still seek to have the original verdicts reinstated via a higher court .
` ` samples of the sand and shingle mix were available to all councillors at last tuesday 's council meeting and the report clearly stakes the composition of the material being proposed for the beach recharge . ''
in monte carlo , murray had led 4 - 0 in the final set before capitulating to a defeat to ramos - vinolas .
the acting up report suggests the high audition costs for drama school is one of several factors deterring people from working class backgrounds from entering the arts .
he died in hospital after suffering ` ` catastrophic '' head injuries in a fall at home , cambridge crown court heard .
the research group primarily blamed the fall on the us federal budget cuts that came into force at the start of this month .
she said : ` ` i am astonished to receive this sort of recognition , it 's a tremendous honour .
here is a selection of your tweets :
the uk treasury said it had not ruled out devolving apd to scotland and wales in the future .
matsuyama shot a six - under 66 in the last round of the wgc - hsbc champions to finish seven clear of sweden 's henrik stenson and american daniel berger .
air france added that it had sent a second aircraft to prestwick in order to fly the passengers back to charles de gaulle airport on saturday .
` ` i do not know what the nhs in wales would look like by 2020 , or the education services , if we see those levels of cuts .
mr powell said the aircraft appeared to have ` ` fallen out of the sky into our field '' .
anh nhu nguyen , 52 , of beckenham , south - east london , is accused of defrauding charities and kensington and chelsea council by posing as a victim of the fire for nearly two weeks .
what 's less well known is that 3 % of men also suffer from the condition .
it wants to greatly reduce the wait mental health patients face from 12 months to less than a week .
dizzee rascal will headline the opening night in his only scottish festival appearance of the year .
another alpaca had also been the victim of a dog attack in the same field earlier last year .
it 's rare for vladimir putin to receive a presidential candidate from abroad .
ireland retain their one - day international status by making the super six , from which the top four qualify for the world cup this summer .
air india , which filed a complaint on thursday , said mr gaikwad was banned on all flights operated by the federation of indian airlines -lrb- fia -rrb- .
it uses about 2.2 million bulbs to illuminate belgium 's roads - with 186 bulbs per square mile , the new york times reports .
shiels , whose played for league of ireland champions dundalk last year , joins a club that plays in the tier below the mls in north america .
co - educational independent boarding school brighton college , where mr pettitt is a governor , has introduced a similarly gender neutral uniform .
critics say the definition of geospatial data is so wide it could include printed maps , world atlases , or depictions of the country in international magazines imported to india .
ivy house school and carlyle infant school in littleover were closed , while people in chaddesden , littleover and mackworth reported brown water coming from taps .
sotherton said tweaking events would create ` ` a new slate '' and new records .
` ` there were three dead and seven injured , some of them seriously injured , '' prosecutors ' spokesman simon kopp told swiss newspaper blick .
pressed on the issue of quotas , he said : ` ` the last thing i ' m saying is no .
craig said of bristow : ` ` his comments are absolutely appalling .
birmingham city council has found itself under scrutiny from a government - appointed independent panel .
he was withdrawn from this year 's race because of possible irregularities in his biological passport .
` ` as a kid my main two goals were the olympics and the america 's cup . ''
nick warren , 57 , got into difficulties as he tried to reach his black labrador in stormy conditions off wellington parade in kingsdown , on sunday .
i am best at guitar because i am on grade 4 and have been practicing from the age of 8 .
the percentage of the world 's population with visual impairments is actually falling , according to the study .
but once more he is talking about seizing an opportunity in a crisis .
derbyshire finished bottom of division two , having failed to win a county championship match in 2016 .
` ` i would ask anyone who was in the vicinity of cumbernauld road around 21:30 or earlier , and who may have seen anything suspicious to come forward to police . ''
so whereas those making a phone call in europe would previously have paid roughly 16.5 p to get connected , they will now pay just 4p .
mourinho did not name any individuals but , speaking before sunday 's trip to champions leicester -lrb- 16:00 gmt kick - off -rrb- , he said his squad contains players who ` ` need time to go out of a comfort or a protected zone where they do n't think the aim is to win '' .
those figures were a total of first and second preference votes as there was no overall winner with 50 per cent after the initial round .
at the bottom of la liga , sporting gijon saved themselves on the final day as they beat fourth - placed villarreal 2 - 0 .
earlier this month azarenka pulled out of the cincinnati open because of ` ` a family matter '' .
they were fined # 20,000 and # 30,000 for failing to control their players in games against tottenham and manchester united respectively .
` ` if he was clean and everybody else was clean , he 's a top-30 -lsb- tour finisher -rsb- at best , '' lemond told cnn .
polls in recent years have shown a majority of australians support same - sex marriage .
ospreys tight heads dmitri arhip and ma'afu fia are currently sidelined and rhodri jones is in the wales squad .
capability brown was born in northumberland in 1716 - although the exact date is unknown - the fifth son of a land agent and a chambermaid .
england 's chris paisley carded the joint - best second round with 66 as he completed 14 holes in the better conditions to sit tied for fifth on seven under .
larne rnli deputy launching authority philip ford - hutchinson said the call - out was ` ` a great example of both our inshore and all - weather lifeboats working well together to assist the four people onboard the casualty vessel '' .
apple 's chief executive tim cook has described the fbi 's order as ` ` dangerous '' and ` ` unprecedented '' .
we would very much regret gambia , or any other country , deciding to leave the commonwealth . ''
it marks the first time a chinese company has admitted guilt in a us criminal export case .
villa manager paul lambert has already added to his attacking options this summer , with the signing of striker nicklas helenius from aalborg .
if you want to start your own couch to 5k challenge just like anna , visit the make your move website .
he was a physics teacher at the Â # 31,000 a year school but now lives in france .
the total number of fans attending scottish professional football league games , including play - offs , was up to 4,267,467 from 3,804,342 in 2015 - 16 .
mr standing said he received a letter from the force on tuesday saying the ` ` investigation was closed '' and to check the cctv footage of local garages .
according to the pyongyang times , replacing sugar with the scorched , glutinous rice removed the bitterness from the insam and , crucially , the hangover .
a new comres research for the dying matters coalition confirms there is a widespread reluctance to talk about dying and death .
it 's part of a mega bridge called the hong kong - zhuhai - macao bridge , which will connect three different places on the coast .
earlier , he said : ` ` the vigil in cardiff bay tonight is an opportunity for the people of wales to pay their respects to those who lost their lives in the truly abhorrent attack in paris .
paddy jackson 's kick edged ulster ahead before rodney ah you was shown a red card and andrew claimed the key try .
the deal was designed to keep the italian in the role until the 2018 world cup , which is due to be staged in russia .
the journalists strenuously deny collaborating with the muslim brotherhood , which the egyptian government considers a terrorist group , after the overthrow of president mohammed morsi by the military in 2013 .
de vigne 's appearance at the screening will mark the launch of new weekly film nights in kingussie .
it will involve thousands of workers from the crown post offices .
the so - called normandy four meeting assessed all elements of the deal , including the staging of local elections in the rebel - held regions and the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the line of contact .
you can find links here to detailed guides for each party - and we have listed the key pledges from each manifesto .
` ` the portuguese language is present worldwide but sometimes it 's hard for the national identity to make an impression , so for the brand this is very nice - people are very happy , '' he said .
what started off as an obscure case has turned into a fiery national debate about the freedom of the press and the influence of government ministers over the courts .
` ` they provided crimestoppers with bogus information leading to an innocent man being investigated by the police for attempted murder . ''
usdaw said it had calculated its # 580 figure based on an expected fall in sterling in the event of the uk 's exit from the eu , together with expected new tariffs imposed on imported eu goods including food , drink and clothing .
` ` those people who think i ' m crazy do n't really know me .
bath & north east somerset council said the threshold set out under the 2000 act had been reached and ` ` it is anticipated that the referendum will be held early next year '' .
some 150 people gathered outside the charity 's former centre in camberwell to take part in the march to parliament .
` ` individual organisations that exceed their allocated resources , have not - and will not - be bailed out , '' she said , adding that the government is ` ` working alongside all organisations to improve their respective positions '' and that the ` ` overall health budget will be balanced for the 2016 - 17 financial year '' .
the move follows legislation allowing the scottish prison service to interfere with mobile phone signals .
forsythe 's 71st - minute sending - off appeared to seal the crues ' fate but o'flynn 's late intervention after a craig mcclean free - kick earned a last - gasp draw .
they were found alongside five other bodies which are yet to be named .
` ` roger and tilly 's families have been deeply shocked and saddened by their tragic deaths while on holiday in morocco , '' the statement said .
pupils aged 11 will be expected to know their tables up to 12x12 , and will be tested using an ` ` on - screen check '' .
eventually she decided to train for the 10,000 m and her win at parliament hill , 17 seconds inside the gb qualification time , came in only her second track event at the distance .
twitter users were quick to flag up other examples of snack - related cameron trivia - such as a curious picture of him eating a hot dog with a knife and fork during the election campaign .
dean winnard -lrb- morecambe -rrb- is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
new zealand captain richie mccaw : ` ` the intensity was always going to go up a notch and we talked about it all week about needing to be up a notch .
the us parent company has been through a string of reorganisations and management changes .
either way , transactions on the internet cost banks a tiny fraction of those in - branch , or compared to the cost of processing a cheque .
mein kampf was originally printed in 1925 - eight years before hitler came to power .
almost every tier two nation agitates for more frequent fixtures against the six nations and rugby championship heavyweights , but georgia 's case for greater challenges is compelling .
mr lavrov 's contention that the us is preserving al - nusra , hoping eventually to use it to change the regime , will prompt gasps of condemnation in washington .
lee nicholson , 39 , from newcastle , was enlisted by clare humble to help dispose of peter hedley 's body in newburn riverside park in november .
muir will be joined in her races by eilish mccolgan , while olympians eilidh doyle and steph twell will also feature on the track in serbia .
british actor david oyelowo said last year that he moved to the us because of the lack of opportunity for black actors in the uk .
six team - mates , including phil dollman , michele campagnaro and olly woodburn , signed new deals last week .
` ` the ground surface would have moved in the region of 4 - 5 m .
` ` during the council 's language committee , members declared their commitment to protecting indigenous welsh names and places in gwynedd , '' said a council spokesperson .
zeebe and colleagues calculate that it took at least 4,000 years for the petm warming to take hold , with carbon going into the atmosphere at a rate of between 0.6 to 1.1 billion tonnes of carbon per annum .
but animal experiments showed the diet regenerated a special type of cell in the pancreas called a beta cell .
nearly a third of those making applications wanted to put all their debts in one place , a survey for lloyds bank suggested , with another third wanting to buy cars and bikes .
graeme johnston , the harbour 's property director , said the move ` ` is a reflection of how strong the demand for quality office space in belfast is '' .
` ` he 'd had thoughts of jumping off a cliff while he was down there , '' said ms tooley .
the fraud was uncovered when a new chief executive took over at the charity and became suspicious after asking chigunwe for financial information .
there will be 60 different activities and the bog snorkelling takes place on 28 august .
surveillance footage seized from the home appears to show bieber high - fiving friends and celebrating after throwing eggs at his neighbour 's home , police said .
aa president edmund king called on local authorities to ` ` get to grips with fundamental road maintenance '' such as poor drainage and crumbling surfaces .
` ` sadly , he was pronounced dead at the scene , '' a spokeswoman for staffordshire police said .
francis hoar , representing the group of four , told mr mawrey his clients were accusing mr rahman of election fraud .
find out how the rules have changed through the years .
an eyewitness who filmed the damaged vehicle but did not wish to be named said : ` ` he -lsb- mayweather -rsb- was actually outside when the van was set on fire , then he ran back in .
the hospital said the cqc report did not reflect improvements it has made .
but she says she knows of examples where hospitals allowed dogs and other animals on wards safely , making a ` ` remarkable difference . ''
` ` majority of the squad are in to train this morning ahead of saturday 's match with the dons , '' motherwell tweeted .
the rspca said it had dealt with a number of call - outs in recent years to stray pet raccoon dogs that have escaped , or been deliberately released to the wild .
the rpa has concerns that an extended season could overwork any players involved in future international summer tours - a worry shared by tigers captain youngs .
` ` this financial system , under the oversight of the bank of england , sailed through what was a surprise to the vast majority of financial market participants , '' mr carney said .
maddison told the club website : ` ` last season was a big learning curve for me .
` ` it could result in the displacement of millions of people . ''
ireland hit back quickly through shane o'donoghue 's close - range finish and alan southern swept into the german net to level on 30 minutes .
i fully expect the next generation launch system to be less than half that , '' said tory bruno , president and ceo of united launch alliance .
the league one club have also signed norwich city midfielder ebou adams on loan until january .
the weston - super - mare bemusement park was originally due to go to the so - called ` ` jungle '' camp in calais , france .
when she went on holiday to rhodes in 2012 with her family , she told the hotel 's management about her concerns .
in response , the alliance trust statement said : ` ` the board of alliance trust is implementing a series of changes to enhance shareholder value .
third - top hearts made the biggest profit during january as they arranged a deal that should mean they pocket more than # 1 m for the sale of osman sow to henan jianye , who also bought ryan mcgowan from dundee united , as the chinese super league begins to flex its financial muscle .
` ` we are taking the state to task because we think the medical problems that pollution victims suffer are as a result of the authorities ' lack of action in tackling air pollution , '' franÃ § ois lafforgue told le monde newspaper .
boro , who have now won six successive games , also scored an injury - time winner to beat reading in midweek and this late show secured only their second victory at bolton 's current home .
he will do promotional work for mclaren and some work in the simulator and attend a minimum of four grands prix .
the merger is strongly opposed by some of samsung c&t 's shareholders , led by us hedge fund elliott associates .
the public spending watchdog report said that both authorities had acted unlawfully in allowing the chief executives to opt out of the local government pension scheme -lrb- lgps -rrb- to avoid potential tax payments .
a recent report showed that around a third of e. coli samples taken from the birds were resistant to more than one antibiotic .
he rejected any suggestion that mr bryden had been laying in wait for them armed with a samurai sword .
in total , 2,500 from across the british isles fought in the spanish civil war and 500 did not survive .
adidas said the decision was mutual and added ` ` we would like to thank the iaaf for a successful and professional co - operation '' .
` ` the future , at the moment , looks very healthy .
a large number of events are being planned to celebrate the town 's 70th birthday and more information is available on the harlow 70 council website .
of his first 30 matches in 2017 , the world number one has won 21 and lost nine .
the welsh local government association has warned councils face a Â # 92 m social care ` ` black hole '' in 2017 - 18 .
the app can now identify up to 70,000 public figures by looking at images , video or an actual person .
bbc news will be reporting from the paris air show from 17 - 23 june
he alleged the environment minister was only interested in securing approval for his own pre - determined outcome .
root , who twice fell to poor strokes in england 's 75-run defeat in the first test , said : ` ` it 's a great feeling .
coventry fans have held a number of protests against the club 's owners this season , with december 's efl trophy second round win over crawley attracting a record - low home crowd .
despite trailing by 10 points at the interval sale were competitive in the first half and it took a poor throw at the line - out - far from the last unfortunately for the visitors - to spark clermont into life .
the size of a container ship is defined in terms of its load capacity .
the owners have the right to appeal the latest decision to the supreme court .
last month , surrey police revealed bellfield had made the admission during an investigation into whether he had an accomplice involved in the abduction and rape , but not murder , of milly .
after the trial , justice peter johnson ruled that monis recruited droudis to murder his ex - wife .
` ` they 're probably going to disengage further from physical activity and we know there are a million people in wales who are physically inactive . ''
` ` sometimes you can make these decisions and then think you have still got plenty to offer . ''
mr trump has said that they can not be made public until the financial authorities have completed an audit .
prime minister jean - marc ayrault had called mr depardieu 's decision to leave the country ` ` shabby '' .
police said the man was arrested after a 54-year - old man died at st john 's hospital in livingston .
people are being asked to send in photographs of rabbits and hares to help map the uk population .
a drd spokesperson said : ` ` arrangements are now being made to put in safety measures at this location .
` ` schemes that encourage physical activity , healthy eating and improve children 's mental and physical health - which the levy would have been used to pay for - can not be seen as nice - to - do but fundamentally non - essential . ''
the number of farms discovered increased to 7,865 , more than doubling in four years .
airport bosses said completing the refurbishment over several weekends rather than all at once was the ` ` best way to avoid major disruption '' .
roberts also expressed his condolences for the families affected by the manchester bombing .
in august 2009 , the peter pan moat brae trust -lrb- ppmbt -rrb- served an interim interdict on lha to stop their overhaul works which would have seen the facade retained but much of the rest of the building demolished .
guinea have arguably the toughest group of the african contenders , being drawn in group a alongside hosts south korea , six - times winners argentina and their old rivals england .
some of bbc scotland 's football analysts , all of whom have played for scotland , give their thoughts on which players deserve the chance to impress the national manager in prague and glasgow later this month .
` ` as such , i welcome the opportunity to undertake a comprehensive review of the current systems of student support in scotland . ''
borough council leader louise mckinlay , said : ` ` the popularity of the show has been very good for the town centre , retailers and the tourism trade , bringing so many people in to the area .
7/7 attacks : the victims
party co - leader patrick harvie tweeted that he was ` ` delighted '' with the first green gain in the elections , and the party 's first orkney councillor .
he was wearing dark clothing and was armed with what police have said was a sharp object .
during the service , she was welcomed by the dean of gloucester , the very revd stephen lake .
` ` this has had a tremendous impact on children and their families including improved attainment in reading , writing and numeracy , as well as improved attendance of pupils . ''
in a statement , city cruises said its vessels undergo rigorous testing and the helmsman was in the process of completing his boatmaster 's licence .
and she credits the enduring influence of her karate instructor and school art teacher , mr davis , for her success .
with 100 hours of video added to the site every minutes it can be hard to get noticed , so some people buy fake views .
in june 2010 a four - year - old boy escaped with minor injuries after falling from the 17th floor of a hotel in miami .
chancellor werner faymann said numbers would be capped at about 37,500 in each of the next four years , compared to the 90,000 applications last year .
as well as ` ` strategic '' development sites for more than 500 homes and in some cases up to 1,000 homes , some existing housing areas will be expanded with up to 400 new homes .
nevertheless , his four - shot lead is the biggest first - round advantage at augusta since 1941 .
` ` across wales , greens have the expertise and the appetite to develop sustainable local economies that provide jobs for all , '' he said .
us officials have previously said they have information suggesting turkish ` ` middlemen '' were involved in the illegal is oil trade .
the charter would legally force future governments to run an absolute budget surplus - which involves spending less than they receive in tax revenue - when the economy is growing .
a male teacher and 13-year - old girl suffered minor injuries .
a new conker is used for every round .
neymar and his father , who acts as his agent , have both denied any wrongdoing .
a european diplomat close to the talks said the eu foreign ministers in brussels had made ` ` a commitment to kick off operational planning '' .
mr howitt is the labour spokesman on foreign affairs in the european parliament .
` ` the aircraft was safely escorted to prestwick airport and the local police now have the lead . ''
speaking in the moroccan city of skhirat , where the talks have been taking place , mr leon said : ` ` after a year of work in this process , after working with more than 150 libyan personalities from all the regions , finally the moment has come in which we can propose a national unity government , ''
` ` as we come to the end of the week european equity markets look on course to post some of the worst weekly losses since the previous china induced volatility , seen last august . ''
detectives have previously won legal battles to secure the transcripts and tapes of interviews given by former ira woman dolours price and ex - loyalist prisoner winston ` ` winkie '' rea .
what are the factors have caused the price to sink below $ 30 a barrel - and what could spark a recovery ?
speaking after the withdrawal , mr trump blamed the democrats for not supporting the bill and predicted that obamacare would ` ` explode '' .
following a lengthy legal battle with the college , the police service of northern ireland gained access to a small number of the interviews in 2013 .
here is a selection of the photographs by cooper and chalfant .
` ` i think there are six teams who are very strong and can fight to win the title , '' said conte .
` ` i remember how great the grass courts are there .
the first offence alleges he used ` ` offensive , inappropriate and unprofessional '' language after being sent off .
mellor , 25 , joined widnes on a dual registration contract with wigan in 2011 before moving permanently in 2013 .
` ` some 3,000 civilians and more than 40 wounded , including children , were brought out , '' the head of the icrc in syria , marianne gasser , said after two convoys left .
after assaulting the men , the gang left with a sum of cash and personal items .
mccoy 's wife chanelle and several of his family members were waiting in the winner 's enclosure to greet him after his victory .
video journalist : tendai msiyazviriyo
mae angen i ' r breuddwydio dwl ` ma stopio . ''
gordon , who has stated that he does not want the head coach 's job full - time , previously had a four - game spell in charge following gary whild 's departure in september .
the woman , who is 41 , has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice .
prosecutors and security officials said dna tests had identified the bomber as abdulbaki somer , born in the eastern turkish city of van .
the sister , who is a british army officer , told ms ruggles to contact police amid concerns about mr dhillon harassing her , but ms ruggles replied she had and they would not respond until he had stabbed her .
but for frederick steiner , dean of the texas school of architecture , guns should not be allowed on university grounds .
o'brien spent six months on loan at ross county last season , making 18 appearances and scoring twice .
i ' m a celtic player and i ' m happy to be here .
any political deal between president yanukovych and the opposition movement will have to pass the test here in lviv .
ms harman confirmed she would step down as deputy leader once the new leadership is in place .
a 31-year - old man , from oxford , also arrested in connection with the man 's death has been released without charge .
the report from the advisory committee on the safety of blood , tissues and organs -lrb- sabto -rrb- says that for hiv it varies from nine to 15 days , depending on the type of test .
after the departure of williams to everton in the summer , the argentine international suffered a dip of form , but has worked well at the back with mawson .
nonetheless , the elton john aids foundation feels councils need help and has offered to fund hiv testing in lambeth for two years .
many of the effects of charged particles hitting the earth 's magnetosphere are benign , such as polar lights - the aurora borealis and australis .
the new fund will entitle uk claimants to 80 % of the average settlement paid out in civil actions relating to mesothelioma , meaning payments will range from # 115,000 to # 123,000 .
the woman was flown to ysbyty gwynedd in bangor by air ambulance , but later died .
the 21-year - old from yorkshire fought back from a break down in both sets before edging through the tie - breaks .
tornado , the steam train pictured above , will run two return journeys a day between parts of cumbria and yorkshire from the 14 to the 16 of february .
in the video , a man in an orange hi - visibility vest is shown walking with a man in a blue shirt holding what looks like a laptop .
heather williams qc , for the families , said the claim addressed the ` ` exceptionally high '' rate of self - inflicted deaths at the milton keynes prison .
but the statement added : ` ` we are still determined to celebrate david bowie , in brixton , with a challenging and appropriate piece of public art .
the male and female police officers were taken to crosshouse hospital in kilmarnock .
across the county , north derbyshire and lincolnshire , 50 % of people surveyed for the bbc said they were concerned about their festive spending .
the reid building sits facing rennie mackintosh 's famous 1909 landmark .
` ` as a councillor for st george west for 30 years , ron had a vast knowledge of his neighbourhood and the people he served , making him an excellent ward councillor who made a real difference .
laborde ran on to a through ball and checked to score at the near post , with keeper joel badly positioned .
nicholson , who has been in charge since september 2015 , continued : ` ` they ' ve got to gain the trust of thousands of torquay fans . ''
testing provision did improve over the years , but shortfalls remained in some parts of the world .
the company also reported adjusted net profit fell 23 % to 1.73 bn danish kroner -lrb- Â # 163 m -rrb- in the first half of the year .
south wales police confirmed a complaint had been received and ` ` the matter is being investigated '' .
burundian military officials also said their troops had not been paid .
police and firefighters were called to the fire , in elgin road at its junction with inchbroom road , at about 16:10 on wednesday .
` ` i ' m delighted that he 's been voted bbc northern ireland 's sports personality of the year for 2013 .
security has been tightened in chittoor and state police are closing borders with neighbouring tamil nadu state in an attempt to find the killers .
the capture of the town would also provide a central base for government troops and their allies to attack is - held areas near the iraqi border , observers say .
the new road is being built for highland council to ease traffic flow through inverness .
the 29-year - old had already been granted a free transfer by salford .
a british open final is where you want to be . ''
mr obama said he has asked federal agencies for recommendations to ensure the programme is not building a ` ` militarised culture '' in domestic police forces .
with neil wagner being called up by new zealand for their test series against zimbabwe and south africa , giles has also spoken about the possibility of a replacement .
here 's what people are saying about mr trump and the violence at his rallies :
sir john chisholm , executive chairman of genomics england , said : ` ` we would want anyone consenting to their dna being used for sequencing to have a clear understanding of what they are contributing to , and to do so on a voluntary basis which we understand will be the case with personal genome project .
landa had built up a lead of 15 seconds on jungels - a gap that would have seen him climb into the overall lead - before being reeled back by the peloton on the up - and - down finish into peschici .
` ` in the wake of that , michael introduced a new board of directors and stood down as chairman in 2015 .
` ` charlton athletic is fully committed to working alongside the police and regulatory authorities to investigate any such historical allegation of abuse at the club .
there have been a few surprise results but all the heavyweights got out of their groups .
a 32-year - old man was found injured and taken to glasgow 's royal infirmary .
` ` it 's important we send a message that violence in a domestic setting is completely unacceptable and i ' m pleased the court has agreed hobbs should spend longer in jail for his crimes . ''
so the double hit of slow broadband and the highest prices .
` ` shell is taking a massive risk doggedly chasing oil in the arctic , not just with shareholder value , but with the pristine arctic environment .
the dons live to fight another day and will face latvian side ventspils in the second qualifying round , with the first leg at pittodrie next thursday .
she said her daughter had just left base camp when the earthquake struck a week ago .
ibrahimovic is a free agent at the end of the season and has announced he is likely to leave paris st - germain .
it has emerged that at least seven patients ' families were told treatment may have contributed to their deaths .
shrewsbury hit the same post twice within a minute early in the second half .
in fact , england failed to qualify for five of the last 11 under-20 world cups , and did not win a game in the other six .
sweat was shot and seized in the town of constable on sunday , new york state governor andrew cuomo told a news conference .
the body will also be responsible for the registration and regulation of youth support workers and work - based learning practitioners .
dr barry morgan , who has been at the head of the church in wales for nearly 14 years , is set to retire on 31 january - his 70th birthday .
landing first koeman as manager and now walsh within a month is a double coup .
it was found on the stretch of beach between the dicq shack and rice bowl and was taken to the nearby new era veterinary hospital for treatment .
the national union of farmers organised the event as a protest about delays in distributing eu farm payments .
however , after concerns from politicians , the chief constable of police scotland , sir stephen house , stated last october that specialist armed police officers in scotland would only be deployed to firearms incidents or where there was a threat to life .
houghton , 20 , an academy player at chelsea , had loan spells with gillingham and plymouth last term .
radio 1 's nick grimshaw and frozen voice star kristen bell have also snapped their digits to show solidarity .
police said the man had been reported floating face - down in the water by a sailing club .
writing about the country 's economic slowdown in 2012 , he said : ` ` china 's debt fuelled expansion was never likely to be sustainable . ''
` ` i do think that when it comes to access to federal databases , and information that the taxpayers have paid for , there would have to be a tremendous paradigm shift to actively take steps to make those data unavailable , and i think doing so would be an enormous disservice to the citizens of this country and to the world in general , '' he said via email .
mr johnson 's own view of the syrian conflict seems to have swerved around like a shopping trolley since he became the uk 's chief diplomat in july .
` ` because we released a song a month over a long period , our fans had a year of their lives soundtracked by our music , '' says josephine .
but compatriot richard bland moved level with garcia and stenson with a second - round 69 .
disabled former senator and republican presidential candidate bob dole , who uses a wheelchair , appeared on the floor of the senate in support .
the head of the nobel commitee said the award recognised the president 's ` ` resolute efforts '' to end the conflict .
15-year - old lad driving a tractor as a taxi for his drunk mates . ''
southampton - born king , 26 , represented england at the 2014 commonwealth games but is now based in wales and meets the qualification criteria .
lancashire 's alex davies : ` ` a lead of 250 , 260 is quite slender going into a full day tomorrow so we knew we had to hang around and help the team get into a good position .
that is the number of teams in the czech top division and fitzel believes young talent would have a greater chance to shine in a bigger league .
chris coleman 's men travel to vienna for their next world cup qualifier on thursday , 6 october .
rodgers , 43 , revealed he invited captain scott brown , 30 , to his london home for a discussion over dinner .
but newport fought back as john - lewis pounced after troy brown blocked alex rodman 's initial effort .
` ` we have had to place kent children outside of kent due to the influx of uasc , which is not a good position to be in and is not a position we want to be in .
but shortly before the trial began , lawyers for the claimants said the government and its service providers had offered a last minute settlement of a$ 70 m .
despite his players ' tendency to concede late goals , warnock 's tenure has been successful , lifting cardiff from 23rd place and deep in relegation trouble to a position of mid - table security in 13th .
beach buddies , established in 2012 , has recently applied for charity status and is challenging its volunteers to make manx beaches the cleanest in europe .
arkadiusz jozwik , 39 , died from head injuries after he was punched and fell to the floor in harlow in august .
a woman was also injured in the crash , but her injuries are not believed to be life threatening .
the businessman has been at the helm at the st lawrence ground since 2008 .
the apcc said : ` ` nazir told the board that he intended to go on question time to discuss the recent events in manchester .
but he was subsequently told by prime minister ali zeidan not to present his resignation at a cabinet meeting .
he had been contacted by an anonymous source who had sent him a link to the data on a tor - based site - technology that allows people to mask the identity of their websites .
` ` unfortunately , russia failed to live up to its own commitments ... and was also either unwilling or unable to ensure syrian regime adherence to the arrangements to which moscow agreed .
the bodies of eoghan and ruairÃ chada were discovered in a vehicle driven by their father in county mayo on monday .
dundee 's stadium is less than 400 yards away in the same street as city rivals dundee united 's tannadice park .
` ` it 's seen as a political protest because he carried a russian flag when he 's in the belarus delegation , and when you ' ve got the president of the belarus national paralympic committee being so vocal in the media before these games saying he disagreed with our decision , then it 's a pretty easy conclusion that it was a political protest .
flint community hospital could be closed under plans by betsi cadwaladr university health board -lrb- bcuhb -rrb- to reorganise its services in north wales .
marjory stewart , of bellshill , lanarkshire , is alleged to have crashed into three other vehicles during the incident in portsoy in july .
boro say they have decided to end his contract in order to help him find a new club .
the last - gasp victory gained revenge for exeter , who had lost out to saracens in their first premiership final 12 months ago , while extending the chiefs ' unbeaten league run to 16 matches .
sheers won the book of the year title in 2005 for his work the dust diaries .
the sussex club are now three points clear at the top of the championship table heading into the international break .
in the 2015 general election , labour won the seat with 52 % of the vote and the conservatives came second with 15 % .
the welsh national field of remembrance at cardiff castle features 10,000 wooden crosses remembering the fallen .
they move a step closer to emulating the blackburn rovers side of 1886 by winning a third fa cup in a row , though this was far from vintage .
jaysh al - islam said the pilot was captured by militants from the al - qaeda - linked jabhat al - nusra , who were supposed to hand him over but killed him instead .
the k4 500 m boat of rebii simon , jessica walker , rachel cawthorn and louis sawers sealed gb 's second confirmed spot at the rio games with a fifth - placed finish in their final .
the former army helicopter pilot and two fellow crew members will launch to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- on a landmark flight from baikonur cosmodrome , in kazakhstan .
two months later he succeeded former president armando guebuza as party leader , representing a change in guard in frelimo which has dominated politics in mozambique since it won independence from portugal in 1975 .
some pregnant immigrant women are reported to have paid fake fathers and solicitors as much as $ 5,000 -lrb- # 4,356 ; $ 5,628 -rrb- to get paternity registered .
l / cpl kyle cleet marshall , of the 2nd battalion the parachute regiment , died after being caught in a roadside bomb blast in the nahr - e saraj district of helmand province .
strathspey steam railway needs a crossing on the river dulnain so it can offer journeys between aviemore and grantown - on - spey .
gray 's death is the latest in a series of killings of black men at the hands of police in the us which have sparked rioting and national debate .
nearly half the money that investing solutions has received over the past two years has been paid by wandsworth council in south london , which has paid the lettings agency more than # 2.1 m .
donaldson , who is looking for a fourth european tour title , carded five birdies and just his first bogey of the week to take the lead .
in march , the doyle family tried to check in online to their flight to montreal but could not assign a seat to cole .
it sank to a loss in its last financial year .
councillors are being recommended to start statutory consultation on the closure of three schools in the region .
` ` with staffing shortages in london getting worse by the year , while patient need continues to go up , essential services are being stretched to breaking point , '' said bernell bussue , the regional director of rcn london .
ghana 's airport operator said the plane , which had flown from lagos , nigeria , overshot the runway .
caroline wozniacki had to fight hard to beat australian jaimee fourlis 6 - 4 3 - 6 6 - 2 .
dominic greyer said organisers of the wi 's centennial fair in harrogate asked him to cover up coasters , mugs and tea - towels featuring some of britain 's saucier - named towns and villages .
` ` nyal is a young , athletic striker who is prepared to work hard and willing to learn to go on to the next level , '' assistant manager lee nogan said .
le saux believes the incident strengthened the myth that he was gay .
the council 's environmental and public protection scrutiny committee will consider proposals on monday .
cardinal tarcisio bertone was donating the money for medical research ` ` to make amends '' , said mariella enoc , head of the bambino gesu hospital .
abu mohammed al - furqan was a close associate of another one of the group 's propagandists , abu muhammad al - adnani , who was killed in an air strike in august .
hooker hughes , 20 , featured for llandovery during the 2015 - 16 season while 19-year - old flanker evans has played for scarlets ' under-18 side .
chernova , now 27 , beat briton ennis - hill to gold at the 2011 world championships in korea .
but persecution of gay people in chechnya intensified in late february , she said .
in a show of support , swansea mother jade richards organised a breastfeeding protest in castle square on saturday at midday .
` ` demand for cars in the major emerging markets of china , india , brazil and russia will probably continue to grow .
it will probably make me more hungry not to have the captaincy .
milkins ' five losses in - a - row , saw the 40-year - old slip to 31st in the world rankings , but he ended his slump with a 6 - 1 win over hamza akbar .
the ts eliot prize 2014 shortlist :
2015 - elected president of the iaaf
winton registered as a conscientious objector and served for a time as an ambulance driver , before joining the raf where he was eventually commissioned .
and if he does become world champion for the first time in his 21 years in motorsport , will it rank as his finest achievement ?
` ` i did mean the part about having trouble with girls , '' he said .
but figures obtained by bbc radio wales showed 166 motorists were stopped by police for using their phones in march - up from 137 in february .
however , fewer than a third of staff believed any action would be taken as a result of the survey .
mr kejriwal took the helm as delhi 's chief minister last month on a ticket to fight corruption and conduct politics differently , calling his party a ` ` new broom '' .
developing young people is one part of the winter youth olympics , but nurturing the next batch of senior level olympians is also an objective .
more than 20 firefighters were sent to the westmorland shopping centre in kendal just after 08:00 bst when smoke was spotted by a member of staff .
however , ovarian cancer is a difficult disease to treat , and the prognosis in the advanced stages is very poor .
in august this year , the bma refused to go back to the negotiating table , accusing the government of a ` ` heavy - handed '' approach , and ministers then said a new contract would be imposed .
greek police spokesman lt col christos manouras told the bbc on monday that as soon as police heard the bbc broadcast , they recorded the clip of the golden dawn meeting and sent it to the office investigating the alleged attack on mr stratoulis .
` ` we welcome the fact that this declaration of incompatibility makes no immediate change to current abortion law in northern ireland .
graham stewart , the library curator who worked on the archive project , said : ` ` it is a history of the colourful life of a celebrated writer .
but paver says chapman 's performance in the british and irish cup win on saturday has raised some eyebrows at the mennaye .
darren pratley -lrb- bolton wanderers -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
the zoo carried out negotiations with the department of environment , food and rural affairs for a rabies waiver to allow the animal to be imported into the uk .
but bt told mrs stephen it would have to dig up the road to install her landline . ''
the 71 local authorities in england and scotland involved in the resettlement programme so far had shown a ` ` tremendous amount of goodwill , '' the home office said .
during the factory visit , mr farage told the bbc : ` ` wales gets a rotten deal from europe .
north wales police said the incident involved just one vehicle on the b5111 in coedana , llanerchymedd at about 17:30 bst .
south yorkshire police said officers were called to the scene after reports that a motorbike had left the road north of archers way .
aleksandar mitrovic -lrb- newcastle united -rrb- header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal .
a ceremony at the cathedral to unveil the mosaic was attended by representatives from the netherlands , canada , australia , new zealand , poland , germany and the us .
second half ends , macclesfield town 2 , dover athletic 1 .
a five - year - old cat called ruby was shot in the spine and put down by vets .
officers are working with the football association , local children 's safeguarding boards and councils as part of their county - wide investigations .
stoke v sunderland
northern ireland were the only bidders for the 2021 games , after jersey and botswana withdrew .
the two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries .
championship bottom side st mirren host falkirk on saturday .
she said she will seek a judicial review against mark h durkan because he took the decision to adopt the planning policy without the agreement of the full northern ireland executive .
carroll had scored two goals in west ham 's past four games after returning to action in september 2015 , following seven months out for knee surgery .
generation rent , a group that campaigns for better conditions for tenants , said the higher rate of stamp duty was a good thing .
last month , minogue 's sister kylie received an honorary degree from anglia ruskin university in chelmsford .
` ` i won a competition for gb in south africa in 2010 .
` ` golden rice '' has been developed by scientists to combat vitamin a deficiency , which affects millions of children in the developing world .
a plaid cymru spokeswoman said : ` ` neil mcevoy has now been the subject of two break - ins , one at home and one at his office .
barrett , a founder member of pink floyd , died in 2006 after living locally as a semi - recluse .
the huts , made of chalk and straw daub and wheat - thatched roofing , have been based on archaeological remains found at durrington walls , near stonehenge .
` ` batchelor is a dangerous offender who committed offences against the woman in her own home , a place where she has every right to feel safe and secure , '' he said .
he was taken to the diana princess of wales hospital in grimsby after the incident at about 18:00 bst , but died on wednesday evening .
to many , though , he will be best remembered for his brief appearance as q - here nicknamed algy - in 1983 's never say never again .
the head of itv north , john whiston , said the set was ` ` a unique and special place '' , which the company were ` ` excited to be able to show off to a select number of visitors '' .
he may have promised a more exciting style , but under solskjaer the bluebirds slipped into the premier league 's bottom three for the first time and never recovered , finishing bottom .
` ` to be able to play host to the first new distillery in the borders in nearly 200 years is incredible , '' he said .
` ` let 's have a look at what 's been out on the table today .
the border was closed on monday night , and will be each night for a month .
but we need to be subtle and clever in our attack .
` ` our vision is for state - of - the - art learning facilities , exhibition space , a university shop and a first point of contact for local businesses - truly bringing the town and gown together in a new cultural quarter . ''
the bafta tv awards will be hosted by graham norton at the royal festival hall in london and will be broadcast on bbc one .
the figures are revealed in a bbc two documentary called the truth about immigration , to be broadcast later on tuesday .
but during a trip to japan mr johnson said : ` ` we are going to have a night tube eventually . ''
bradford council 's returning officer made the report to police , according to bbc radio leeds .
after the match against scotland , england meet spain in a friendly at wembley on 15 november .
police made a fresh appeal for information about his death last year .
it also includes reducing the cost of the city 's economic development agency , liverpool vision , by # 1.2 m and reviewing of the city 's library provision to save # 1.6 m - a move which could see several close .
in march , bottles of georgian bay vodka were pulled from the shelves after inspectors found a batch with an alcohol content of 81 % instead of the advertised 40 % .
now , we discovered quite unexpectedly that defeating the us at football has even deeper implications , when news broke that our government had accepted two yemeni ex - detainees , khalid al - dhuby and mahmoud omar bin atef , from guantanamo bay , where the us detains terror suspects , to live in ghana .
set up by former children 's laureate michael rosen in 2008 , the prize is intended to reward authors and artists of humorous children 's books .
many leaders got rather irritated with the prime minister in the long lead up to the election .
in 2016 , the high court found mrs thompson had run a campaign of ` ` harassment , defamation and intimidation '' against mr james .
nine of wales ' 22 councils had taken part in the syrian refugee settlement programme up to the end of june , four more than three months earlier .
more than 270,000 people have signed a petition against the move .
swpl league cup , first round
president barack obama was among those to pay tribute to their success , which was the third time the usa women 's team had won the world cup .
a spokesperson for northern ireland electricity said was an equipment fault was detected at 21.40 bst .
luke varney -lrb- ipswich town -rrb- right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal .
it includes information about ss commanders and guards who worked at auschwitz - birkenau , their names , place and date of birth , nationality , military service and where possible , a photograph .
kingfisher is selling a 70 % stake in the business - which has 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff - for # 140 m .
the first regular - season game to be staged in the uk was the new jersey nets ' 116 - 103 success over the raptors in march 2011 .
she added : ` ` while he should make a full recovery , the extent of the injury means neil is likely to miss the rest of the season . ''
` ` and kindness is simply about the need to treat people well . ''
jordan clark -lrb- accrington stanley -rrb- right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner .
adele 's victory over beyonce is certain to boost complaints that the grammys habitually overlook black artists .
joni , who lived at various addresses in the south side of glasgow , murdered mr bolam at a date between 29 june and 14 july 2016 .
dj derek , a former accountant , was known to thousands of music fans and played hundreds of sets at local clubs and pubs , as well as at the glastonbury festival .
the court refused a crown motion for a football banning order stopping begg from attending future games .
about 5.2 million tunisians were eligible to vote in the run - off poll .
mr diess said volkswagen has reached an agreement with european regulators to fix 8.5 million cars affected there .
` ` it was a very unfortunate , horrible accident for both sides . ''
while they do not break the terms of the nuclear deal between iran and the major powers - this did not cover missile development - they may well be a violation of un security council resolution 2231 , which calls upon iran not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons .
the win secures wolves ' championship status for another season on 54 points , while leeds ' third loss in five games puts them out of the play - offs on goal difference with three matches remaining .
five bodies were found late on tuesday and emergency workers found a sixth victim some 200 m -lrb- 650 ft -rrb- from the site , minister jorge gomes told portuguese media .
three final charges relate to failing to comply with the prescribed standards of care for a peacock and guinea hens .
nine - time world champion valentino rossi was third on a yamaha .
` ` we do n't want to lose anyone in the group , but -lsb- at -rsb- any club apart from the top ones , every player has their price and you have buy - out clauses , '' he said .
the families are not identifying which of the girls have married .
but wales ' barker , who won silver medals in the madison and scratch races at the championships , said she could not have achieved her success in hong kong without the support of british cycling .
striker robson - kanu , 27 , who is expected to be part of wales ' squad for the european championships , has spent seven seasons with the club .
news of the sale was cited by traders as one factor behind a plunge in chinese shares .
penalty conceded by krystian pearce -lrb- mansfield town -rrb- after a foul in the penalty area .
currently , more than 5,500 children are in foster care in scotland , living with 4,400 families and carers .
` ` that 's why there are still such problems with illegal logging in the reserve .
commons leader david lidington also paid tribute to mr perry , who often wrote the theme tunes to his shows .
it was the argentina international 's 287th la liga goal for barcelona , extending his lead as the competition 's all - time top scorer .
at one stage the pound hit $ 1.3372 against the dollar , but slipped back to trade at $ 1.3312 , a rise of just 0.13 % .
last week , a former chief science adviser to the scottish government warned on ban on gm crops could have ` ` apocalyptic '' consequences and threaten the country 's food and drinks industry .
in one video , a commander addresses his soldiers in arabic and blames the ncp and president bashir for lying to their people and dragging the countries to the brink of war .
if it seems fanciful , then do n't say i did n't warn you !
she was building a neural network that could play soccer , her favourite game , when her cousin was diagnosed with breast cancer , inspiring her to put her talents to medical use .
her majesty 's crown prosecution service inspectorate 's communicating with victims report looked at the speed and quality of the cps 's communication with victims of crime .
the ban on sales of the galaxy tab 10.1 in the us was put in place in june ahead of a trial .
the 24-year - old summer signing injured himself in training on friday as he went to take a shot and will see a consultant this week .
jamie vardy -lrb- leicester city -rrb- left footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner .
he said he was ready to reinstate the death penalty if the turkish people demanded it and parliament approved the legislation , adding : ` ` you can not put aside the people 's demands . ''
former air cadet omar , who wore his dressing gown during the islamic ceremony , was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia after fainting during a football match .
joe cardle -lrb- dunfermline athletic -rrb- right footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom left corner .
operations director elwyn dop said early indications showed the fire may have started in an air conditioning unit close to the bridge .
the tech - heavy nasdaq index climbed 11.32 points to close at 4,780.76 .
harmonie - rose 's family want to raise money to help with her care and have stuck pink ribbons all around the estate where she lives .
about 30,000 members of the prison officers ' association -lrb- poa -rrb- in england and wales will take part in an indicative ballot , which will be considered by union leaders before they decide their next move .
he accused the rules on british values as ` ` deeply ill - considered '' and ` ` political posturing '' .
mr corbyn , meanwhile , pledged to use the backing of party members to force labour mps to support his agenda if he is elected leader .
` ` it 's a deeply cultural thing , '' says sir vince , who held office during the coalition government .
finney scored 187 league goals for north end and was comfortable occupying any position across the forward line .
at the moment , 89 out of the 108 mlas are in the parties that make up the executive .
` ` winning a national book award was thrilling ; discovering that the public have made the ocean at the end of the lane their book of the year is somewhere out beyond wonderful .
it is not media training - gordon brown had plenty of that , but was still a rich seam of vocal and facial tics for the nation 's impressionists , more a by - product of the managerialism that has infected the upper reaches of public life .
fellow oscar - winner kevin kline has also signed on to play maurice , the father of the ` beauty ' character belle .
he initially experienced racial abuse , but explains to bbc sport 's nick hope how he overcame that and after briefly considering representing france , is now targeting a medal at the 2016 rio olympics .
james , who is part of the cardiff blues academy , has also represented wales under-18 and scored on his debut against scotland in 2016 .
the judge in brooklyn denied a motion by the us justice department to get apple to unlock a phone in a drug case .
in february , there was a protest outside the cairo security directorate after a policeman reportedly shot dead a driver in a street in an argument over a fare .
det supt andy webster said : ` ` we have never given up our search for information about charlene , who we believe was murdered more than a decade ago .
the publican of st mary 's vaults confirmed all of her knives were accounted for which meant mitchell must have brought his steak knife with him .
the violence at the vast factory in haryana state is believed to have erupted after an altercation between a factory worker and a supervisor .
pergolizzi 's dad was a lawyer and her mum sang opera , but gave it up when she had a family .
but mr barnes , whose collarbone was broken when he was knocked to the ground , told look north 's peter harris he was not yet ready to meet his attacker , drug - user richard gatiss , 25 .
the launch comes on the eve of mr modi 's first visit to the us as prime minister .
she went on to tell ms minnock to contact the missing people charity if she felt uncomfortable calling the police .
one of the biggest stories involved emails from sony boss amy pascal that revealed jennifer lawrence and amy adams were paid much less than their american hustle co - stars .
the dow jones rose 0.2 % to 19,251.78 , while the wider s&p 500 gained 0.3 % to 2,204.71 , just missing a new record .
a group which represents about 500 boiler owners is planning to challenge that move in court .
he lost his seat in the european parliament , was declared bankrupt , replaced as party leader and has now been expelled from the party .
she said : ` ` i expected to be met with an escaped corn snake that had been attacked by a cat or dog , but instead i discovered it was made of plastic .
the authority has also given the go - ahead for a solar farm to be located at the former spoil tip in the middle of the park .
the woman has agreed to make a payment of Â # 40 to an armed forces charity .
but the country 's minister for communication later said the message had been put out before it was confirmed .
it took him seven hours to cook his giant snack - the ostrich egg was boiled for two hours and it took another three hours to cook the meat .
belgium international januzaj had asked to leave old trafford on a permanent transfer but united preferred a loan .
the prime minister is said to be ` ` keen to explore '' whether the uk can offer more practical counter - terrorism support to both countries , such as disrupting foreign fighters , investigating potential terror plots and improving aviation security .
it came despite shares in kraft foods , which is listed on nasdaq , soaring more than 35 % after the company agreed to merge with heinz .
but unlike the groundswell of protest that led to the recall of president thabo mbeke in 2008 , jacob zuma still appears to have support within the national executive committee of the anc .
they are going to have to pull their fingers out and bat really well . ''
` ` he was not a waste of time , but he was n't far away from being a waste of time .
he has a year to run on his current deal and will meet with the board to discuss the ongoing plans next week .
west indies fast bowler shannon gabriel will return home after suffering an ankle injury in the first test defeat .
` ` i think he 's the best english player in the game . ''
there are currently 47 prisoners in england and wales who have been given whole life tariffs , including rosemary west and ` ` yorkshire ripper '' peter sutcliffe .
cotton will wrap up her time at the station by presenting some of the coverage over the two days of the event .
` ` he 's an assured presence in the full - back role , '' bristol director of rugby andy robinson said .
they will be supported by four mobile neighbourhood policing teams -lrb- npts -rrb- .
he said people could be arrested for a public order offence - causing harassment , alarm or distress .
episode one of fan favourite the web of fear existed , with the rest thought lost forever .
the first of the new bus routes are due to be completed in the next few months .
the weapons can be viewed at the the isle of coll 's an cridhe community centre on thursday and friday .
ward was on loan with the terriers from liverpool in the championship and does not want to leave after his penalty shoot - out heroics helped take them up .
victoria gayle , 31 , previously of west hendon , north london , was charged after police discovered the remains of another baby at a home in west hendon in june .
` ` in this case a partner agency has a clearly documented history of birds being at this location . ''
she thought she saw a dead baby in the bus stop near the magpie and stump pub and screamed at her father to drive back to check , which he did .
you were eliminated from the us version of the voice - what did that experience teach you ?
` ` he has shown the courage that he wants to play through the little injury problem he has , '' said clark .
the two firms topped the ftse 100 's risers board , with the index up 28.67 points at 6,715.24 .
` ` edinburgh took their chances .
wing luke fitzgerald , sexton 's club - mate , was ruled out of the tour earlier this week after also being injured in the pro12 decider .
the chinese government is known to have put in place technology that monitors online chat rooms for controversial topics but the far - reaching measures have not stopped all nefarious cyber activity .
correspondents said the most prominent video clip was by another al - jazeera journalist who is not on trial .
the prisoners escaped from the anisio jobim jail in manaus and the neighbouring antonio trindad prison as a deadly riot was under way in the former .
one passenger , robert weber , a website designer in cairns , told the sydney morning herald : '' the people at the front were oblivious to what was going on but the passengers at the back were all totally focused on the snake and how it might have got on to the aircraft . ''
yeoh was welcomed on stage by a quartet of asian cinema notables , who played ` ` paper , scissors , stone '' for the honour of presenting her with her prize .
emergency services were called to longtown bridge , near carlisle , on tuesday after a 32-year - old man got into difficulties in the water .
the youngest person to climb mount everest was 13 and the oldest 80 .
justin kluivert -lrb- ajax -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
khan is one of bollywood 's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 hindi - language films .
falcons , who have now made 10 signings for the 2017 - 18 season , did not disclose the length of flood 's contract .
he went on to warn : ` ` the scottish government is prepared to act if scottish football is n't . ''
bigger technology companies also fell on monday .
paid Â # 200,000 a year , he or she is also responsible for the overall administration of the house of commons , including the signing of leases , contracts and public expenditure on commons services .
it is particularly popular for ` ` tourism marriages '' and some 84 % of the weddings held in gretna last year did not involve a resident in scotland .
at present there is a blanket prohibition on providing a person with assistance to die .
macgillivray , who has also played for stalybridge celtic and harrogate town , is paul hurst 's seventh signing of the summer .
caen had moved above lyon and into third earlier on sunday by winning 2 - 1 at st - etienne , with former wigan striker andy delort among the scorers .
in kathmandu , rescue workers from nepal and the us worked for hours to free the boy from the rubble of the building .
it is part of ms rochira 's review into the quality of life and care of older people in residential care in wales .
celtic defeated irish league opposition in belfast four years ago with a 3 - 0 win over cliftonville in a champions league qualifier .
` ` the vote in many parts of wales was not a vote against europe or the concept or the reality of the european union , '' she said .
he had paid one agent $ 250 -lrb- Â # 170 -rrb- to have sex with a nine - year - old mexican boy .
the recording , which has sat in the attic at mr wragg 's isle of man home for more than three decades , includes captain bobby moore playing tambourine .
the mako - type mackerel shark was recovered on barmouth beach on friday .
needing a result to solidify their own play - off spot , exeter saw a grant effort blocked by legge and lee holmes volleyed well wide when a clearance fell to him .
cardiff bus said 90 % of its 540 unite union members backed the offer after a ballot took place .
` ` therefore , ofcom took the view that derren brown 's use of a plastic bag to asphyxiate himself was likely to be easily imitable by children in a manner that was harmful .
israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons .
` ` we have issued proceedings against a german - based musical group for registered trademark infringement .
some key dates in the history of slovakia :
last year the remains of a father of 12 , joseph murphy , who was shot by the army in disputed circumstances , were exhumed .
` ` the next thing i remember after that is a feeling like i was in a washing machine .
the hibs boss faces three charges of ` ` adopting an aggressive attitude '' to morton striker kudus oyenuga , duffy and the match officials .
however , i would urge anyone who has n't yet been in contact with us to do so in order to help piece together exactly what happened . ''
however , dijks has joined the canaries on a deal which includes an option for the english club to buy the player .
denbighshire council has welcomed a decision by the welsh government to dismiss the claim by the owners of the denbigh - based north wales hospital .
the dufton europa plane crash landed in a field in maidwell on thursday afternoon .
it is understood arterton would be in line to play the lead role of rita , played in the film by sally hawkins .
` ` i am calling on all trade unionists to join scottish labour and speak with one voice to say these snp cuts to local councils responsible for our schools and social care just are n't acceptable . ''
after the news emerged , thousands lined the streets of the capital , bissau , to watch the squad parade by on tuesday .
the vice - president said that his appearance to give the state of the union address was in accordance with the constitution , as mr chavez had been granted leave of absence by the national assembly .
cuban dissidents are planning to protest during the pope 's visit to the island , which begins on saturday .
` ` the new guy has come in and the players will be desperate to impress , the fans will want to get behind the team and it will be a very similar atmosphere , i imagine , to the opening day of the season .
` ` you ca n't just say , ` clint 's important to us ' .
as the head of the sinaloa cartel , he is accused of overseeing the smuggling of huge amounts of drugs from south and central america to the united states .
bresnan and waite -lrb- 38 -rrb- did their best to repair the damage , but 27 off the final three overs was too much and bresnan holed out at long - off with seven balls remaining .
but he said that there had been improvements in the mental health care for armed forces personnel and those close to them .
russia - a key ally of syria - has said damascus should complete the transfer of its chemical weapons to the coast for removal by ship by 1 march .
when asked about his employment , he told the judge that he worked for the signal 88 security firm in anchorage , alaska , for the last few years and that he currently has only $ 5 to $ 10 in his bank account .
on the face of it here the us may have a point .
the news that the entire governing board of the scandal - ridden vatican bank is being replaced marks a watershed in pope francis 's new regime of change and greater transparency inside the holy see .
the number of owners falling into arrears on mortgage repayments had also fallen in the second three months of the year compared with the first quarter , the cml said .
` ` i ' m throwing well at the moment and once i got the big throw , i knew the pressure was off , '' said butterfield .
the book is now being sold at the request of mr cadogan 's family .
food standards scotland -lrb- fss -rrb- said scottish obesity levels , currently 30 % , were projected to rise to 40 % by 2030 .
the two brothers allegedly sold musadikur rohaman 's bmw car , his wife 's wedding dress and Â # 1,200 worth of family gold to raise funds for him in syria .
a note on terminology : the bbc uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum .
the 25-year - old steps up to the national league after 22 appearances for rushall this season .
the four national football associations were unable to agree on sending great britain teams to rio .
in the documents , it says : ` ` this decision of the uk government was connected with the fact that the uk government had recently decided to set up a guided missile range in south uist , in the outer hebrides .
lufthansa lost an appeal to a frankfurt labour court , but is making a further legal challenge that could go late into tuesday evening .
the us plane was flying a routine mission in international airspace over the sea of okhotsk , officials said .
reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan hinted that using cheap money to tackle economic problems - rather than painful reform - had to stop .
nhs highland has said the majority of births at caithness general do not require obstetrics .
mcallister , 25 , missed most of pre - season after ankle surgery and is yet to feature for shrewsbury this season .
ireland face wales in saturday 's semi - final with the winners guaranteed a spot in the final and world league 3 .
however , the man whose life 's mission has been to die broke and live trying has turned duty free profits into a duty to give all his profits away .
ipcc commissioner cindy butts said : ` ` stephen beattie repeatedly lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were both outside his remit and his level of expertise .
dywedodd : ` ` mae hwn yn ddigwyddiad nad ydyn ni wedi gweld ei debyg o ' r blaen .
5 september 2016 last updated at 18:13 bst
dressed in a suit , he handed out currencies in exchange for sterling to customers at the asda in trafford park , police said .
on the bbc , tech talent coverage is asking whether the uk can compete in the global tech industry .
surrey police has been given more time to question a 21-year - old male arrested on suspicion of murder .
tigers chairman peter tom cbe said : ` ` we thank richard for his loyal and dedicated service as a player , coach and director of rugby .
glamorgan top scorer david lloyd told bbc wales sport :
the plane , carrying 58 people , broke up as it plunged into taipei 's keelung river .
` ` in this regard the prime minister has both a domestic and international duty to tackle this issue head on during his visit . ''
south wales police said there is ` ` considerable concern '' for the man and called or information .
however , the number of places which include ` bela ' - welsh for pine marten - in their name is testament to the frequency with which they were once found here .
did you know the word emoji literally means ` ` picture '' -lrb- e -rrb- + ` ` character '' -lrb- moji -rrb- in japanese ?
however , it said its world cup performance had been ` ` strong '' with bets on mobiles up 1,100 % .
leicestershire police had said : ` ` no one has been arrested and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with this incident . ''
robbie pearson , acting chief executive of healthcare improvement scotland , said : ` ` in this joint inspection we found that most of the older people and carers that we met were generally happy with the services provided to them in the western isles .
the bbc said it will now revert to its original today at wimbledon format .
steve barry , an assistant chief constable at sussex police and the national police chief 's council lead for collision investigations , says he does n't believe that the reduction in the number of traffic police has impacted on the number of prosecutions and convictions .
exhibition organiser janine tanner said : ` ` it was one of the most beautiful stations there has ever been .
in mitigation , orlando pownall qc said west junior had been treated with ` ` severe belittlement and contempt '' by his father for 30 years , adding there was ` ` a toxic relationship between father and son . ''
two nurses were holding ms gerizapa 's shoulders as a third poured disinfectant into a large , rotting , bullet wound in the 43-year - old 's lower leg .
relive tottenham 's win at manchester city
when asked to give a score of between 1 and 10 , where 10 is an important priority and should be done quickly , each of the four issues relating to additional powers for the scottish parliament achieved high average scores .
under the terms of the bailout deal agreed in brussels on monday , the first tranche of legislation relating to tax and pensions had to be passed by wednesday .
news agencies say the cctv footage is taken inside the entrance to the westgate mall 's nakumatt supermarket , which sells everything from food to televisions .
` ` but just as we were thinking of pulling the plug we had a load of bets for radiohead , including one customer who asked to place a # 15,000 bet on the band at 10/1 . ''
melissa morton , 12 , was among 34 pupils at brentwood school in essex aboard a coach that crashed into a motorway bridge near middelkerke , west flanders .
` ` it is quite unusual for an adult to be attacked by a dog in this way .
the final climb will be a communal one on sunday , but dr mclaughlin said he hoped to come up with something else to keep his patients exercising .
a certain number have been arrested .
mr wright , of the dell , declined to comment in police interview but in a statement said he was blinded by the setting sun and lowered his visor but was unable to see when the collision happened .
` ` the researchers train the algorithm to recognise the specific cell of interest by giving examples of the cell to be identified , '' he said .
the clashes on sunday were said to have been some of the worst since gen haftar began his offensive against islamists , dubbed ` ` operation dignity , '' in may .
he admitted in interview he started the blaze ` ` for fun '' .
china also urged japan to ` ` heed the security concern '' of its asian neighbours and do more to promote regional peace and stability .
it is not only arsenal who have distractions away from the fa cup this term , as hull continue their bid to return to the premier league after last season 's relegation .
the home office said mrs owens was ` ` one of the exceptional policing leaders of her generation '' .
he said blue monday on 18 january , which is meant to be the gloomiest day of the year , might inspire some ` ` amazing applicants '' for the ` ` energetic and creative '' job .
no - one , even in the corridors of oculus connect , a conference for the virtual reality industry , would suggest otherwise .
the full draw for the first round of the efl cup is as follows :
the motorway was closed to belfast - bound traffic between junction nine at moira and junction eight at blaris following the collision .
smith , 34 , is also in action on saturday as he faces wba ` regular ' super - middleweight world champion tyron zeuge in hessen , germany .
hamilton said his starting problems were ` ` not a big issue '' , adding : ` ` it is something we 'll fix for the next race . ''
the b1191 was closed in both directions between the b1192 tattershall road junction in woodhall spa and the a158 jubilee way junction in horncastle
children who have had four or more adverse incidents are also 15 times more likely to be a perpetrator of violence , and 14 times more likely to be a victim .
president fernandez echoed amnesty 's concerns .
at leeds crown court , aaron joseph , 29 , denied being the owner of a dog that caused injury while dangerously out of control in a public place .
the judge 's decision has been revealed in a written ruling .
asked whether david cameron regarded rupert murdoch as a fit person to run a media company , his official spokesman said : ` ` that is a matter for the regulatory authorities , not for the government . ''
media playback is not supported on this device
` ` this is a man who chosen the path of terrorism , who has chosen to go out to syria to be trained and engage in a terrorist training camp .
` ` as many have observed , it would set a course for devastating confrontation between china and the us .
the henry moore foundation 's director godfrey worsdale said the foundation was ` ` very pleased '' the piece was ` ` returning to tower hamlets after a careful and rigorous process '' .
the weight of evidence makes murray a strong favourite to complete the job on sunday , and add the davis cup to the game 's great prizes he has already won at wimbledon , the us open and olympic games .
liverpool , who failed to qualify , join celtic , everton and tottenham in the following europa league last-32 draw .
brighton supporters club 's vice chair said such chanting was ` ` disgusting '' and the club should be fined and anyone responsible banned from the stadium .
odion ighalo -lrb- watford -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
there are 2,937 officers that work in south wales police , with 1,746 support staff and 406 community support officers .
us markets mirrored those in europe after ecb head mario draghi said the bank would expand stimulus measures , but did not expect further rate cuts .
` ` we have had to accept paying a $ 5.5 m fine due to a mistake in the 2011 and 2013 tax planning in the signing of neymar , '' mr bartomeu said .
more than 200,000 people a year are estimated to be bitten by dogs in england , according to research for the british medical journal .
speaking after the defeat , which ended their 13-game unbeaten run in all competitions , he continued : ` ` there are question marks over the officiating - definitely . ''
karoo national park authorities had originally considered putting sylvester down but will now rehouse the animal away from male competition .
the scottish cyclist won gold in the pursuit quartet at the olympics in rio .
after four weeks of preparation in pre - season , we get to the first day and we are unable to play and the sun 's out as well .
the local government association said councils ' customer service hubs in england and wales handled more than 50 million calls a year - the bulk of which are about council tax and parking .
` ` what we do know from the doctors is that the victim is lucky to by alive and if his friends had not intervened , he would probably have died from blood loss , '' she said .
filibustering is a parliamentary delaying tactic by which mps drag out speeches to the end of the allocated time , so that no vote can be held .
under a political convention between the assembly and westminster , the wales bill needed a legislative consent motion passed in the senedd before it can be become law .
morrison began his career at palace in 1997 and scored 71 goals in 181 games before moving to birmingham city for club - record fee of # 4.25 m in 2002 .
while critics may view mr trump 's friday morning tweet as an unwelcome effort to influence the politics of another nation , the reality is slightly more complicated than that .
scots in the gb athletics team for rio 2016 :
in february , aged 17 , ko became the youngest player to reach the top of the rankings and she also holds the record as the youngest winner on the lpga tour after her canadian open victory as a 15-year - old amateur in 2012 .
he is a wonderful actor , certainly the best actor to play bond , '' he said .
queen 's pulled a consolation goal back in stoppage time through john carter .
inspired by highlife , reggae and dance sounds emanating from ghana 's streets and clubs , the track represents something different from digitally driven dance music .
wurz , 41 , retired as a racing driver this week and has been asked by owner stephen fitzpatrick to run the team .
` ` ofcom recently concluded that the uk has one of the most competitive broadband markets among major european economies , as the average price of a fixed broadband package has fallen by 40 % and speeds have greatly increased . ''
` ` i live in london , train in london .
some of the eight have been charged with running brothels while others face charges relating to money laundering .
earlier this week , ballymena signed former linfield defender jim ervin , also on a 30-month deal .
` ` this investment in our heritage will greatly benefit both the local community and visitors to the island .
deutsche bank said last week it could move up to 4,000 jobs out of the uk as a result of brexit - nearly half its uk workforce .
stewart , who was in the final year of his contract at at dens park , had scored six goals in three games for dundee already this season .
there has been a rise in the number of companies such as thync , a start - up working to connect to the brain sensors that can alter mood in the same way as a coffee or energy drink .
email your questions to scotland.2015@bbc.co.uk - please put ` ` election debate '' in the message field .
once completed , the revamped naval base is expected to create hundreds of jobs in portsmouth .
on thursday a migrant , believed to be syrian , died after being hit by a car on a motorway close to the tunnel .
several appeals for information were made after toilets were vandalised at the game and offensive effigies of rangers fans were hung from the stands .
the uk has already passed laws to allow three - person ivf for couples with mitochondrial diseases , although no such baby has been born in britain yet .
clubs are always on the lookout for new members , with many able to provide taster sessions and full kit for practice and games .
but perhaps best of all saw hartlepool united announcing that the football association had given them permission to play in fancy dress on the final day of the season .
whereas the original under armour contract was worth roughly # 2.5 m a year , the new deal will see the annual fee rise to around # 3.7 m .
striker akinfenwa later said on twitter : ` ` the sending off was dubious . ''
worcestershire claimed three wickets for 34 runs to reduce glamorgan to 108 - 3 , but colin ingram -lrb- 41 not out -rrb- and aneurin donald saw out the rest of the day .
while nasa put rockets into space from a launch pad , the stratolaunch plan is to launch unmanned rockets from high - flying aircraft , and eventually undertake manned missions too .
on the website of polish news magazine polityka , commentator andrzej celinski warns against ` ` giving in to the wave of nationalism '' , and appeals to poles to end what it calls their hesitant approach to the eu project .
including the snp 's # 267,372 , the six highest - spending parties spent a total of # 9,347,087 on campaigning , the electoral commission said .
but , if the venerable founding father had lived in northern ireland over the last few months he could have changed it to ` ` death , taxes and another rhi story every day '' .
dorothy cooper was seriously injured when a man allegedly jumped into her vehicle and drove over her in a car park in royton , oldham , on wednesday .
the woman was taken to edinburgh royal infirmary .
the investigation led to the arrest of a 50-year - old woman in fryent crescent , west hendon in north london .
in a statement , their families said they were ` ` much loved by all those whose lives they touched '' .
after jumping from the first - floor window , he is believed to have caught a number 50 bus on upper brook street .
sgt carl quinn , of west yorkshire police , said : ` ` anyone who saw the collision or the manner in which the bmw was being driven prior to it , is asked to contact the major collision and enquiry team . ''
the number of people employed north of the border increased by 8,000 over the quarter to 2,611,000 .
he said the phrase appears in three witness statements which was ` ` clear evidence '' statements have been coached .
vaughan has signed a two - year deal and can play against walsall on saturday .
allardyce defended his new england charges against any claims that they were not hurt by the harrowing experience of euro 2016 as they rebuild once more after the disappointment of another early exit at a major tournament .
pearce made 33 appearances last season as the latics won the league one title and becomes charlton 's seventh signing of the summer transfer window .
officers are continuing to question a 17-year - old arrested near the scene on suspicion of murder , the met said .
hasbro , the maker of my little pony , approached mattel about a deal late last year , according to bloomberg news .
chief executive ian comfort said : ` ` closing a small school is always a very sad decision to make , and is only taken as a very last resort .
rherras is a 23-year - old left - sided player of moroccan descent who has spent the last year playing for sint - truiden in the belgian top flight .
the ulster university is currently building a major extension to its belfast campus on the northern edge of the city centre .
a woman , 42 , arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed until september .
he said he was excited to be one of this year 's winners of the goldman environmental prize - described as the oscars of grassroots environmentalism - as it presented an opportunity to tell the wider world about the situation in cambodia .
lg , samsung and google have all said a number of their handsets will get the fix , with further updates every month .
the police in goa initially concluded the teenager died accidentally but , after a campaign by her family , a second post - mortem examination in march 2008 revealed she had been drugged and raped before drowning in seawater .
` ` in frank , we ' ve signed a strong , powerful and determined striker .
substitutes cian bolger and ashley hunter and amari'i bell all netted in the first half of extra time as fleetwood booked their place in the second round on boss uwe rosler 's 48th birthday .
redcar labour mp anna turley is seeking help to save the building and use it as a museum , learning centre and tourist attraction .
there has never been ` ` a numerically significant underclass of immigrants , '' he notes .
mr nieri , whose book the lord of milan is set to be released , is also due to fly to italy to start filming a documentary about the star .
the airport posted : ` ` we ca n't help dean with his clothes situation but if wales win # euro 2016 we 'll waive his parking fee ! ''
the four lowest - polling republican candidates squared off in an early debate .
his decision to return to rugby league is a boost for the sport , after england international sam burgess switched codes and agreed a move to bath for next season .
hattie mcdaniel was the first black actress to be named best supporting actress , winning for gone with the wind in 1940 .
port director nick ridehalgh said the estates would provide ` ` strategic long term value '' for the company .
platoons from hms heron , led by the queen 's colours and the band of the royal marines , marched before yeovil mayor mike lock .
dame judi said : ` ` as a local surrey resident with a love of wildlife , i ' m delighted to be supporting surrey wildlife trust and its nower wood new build project .
midfielder john mcginn , currently recovering from ankle surgery , hopes hibs can persuade commons to prolong his loan next month .
the death of a young mother in car crash in aberdeenshire leads the front page of the press and journal .
dennis and his lieutenants believe they are in the process of arresting the slide , that the car is among the very best this year , and that next year honda - who last year re - entered f1 too soon - will ensure their engine is , too .
` ` considerable resources were mobilised from across the west of scotland to conduct a safe and effective firefighting operation , which has ultimately seen the fire extinguished .
scouler of barton road in bideford , devon , admitted supply , production and personal possession of cannabis and having a shotgun without a certificate .
a public consultation is also taking place at the oasis youth centre on tuesday which will show some suggested routes around a new educational hub being constructed known as the bridge .
wynne evans ' countdown show on radio wales can be heard here .
hales hit an unbeaten 50 on day three - his fifth in tests - in a partnership of 120 with captain alastair cook , as england fought back to claim a 17-run lead with two days ' play remaining .
choudry was found guilty of one count of encouraging support for a proscribed organisation while rahman was convicted of three counts of arranging / assisting in , arranging / managing a meeting to support a proscribed organisation .
nottingham forest manager paul williams :
police initially treated the blast as a terrorist attack .
seventy - nine families have already taken advantage of the initiative to encourage them to take up swimming .
` ` we want a leader close to the people , not to the oligarchs , '' said maria , from the chisinau suburb of ghidighici .
vardanian was previously banned for six months in 2009 after testing positive for cannabis .
the news comes as the international monetary fund said it expected china 's economy to grow by 6.3 % this year and 6 % in 2017 .
the report says league tables encourage schools to focus on academic results and this ` ` can dishearten young people '' who are middle - ability achievers and can limit social mobility .
the wales air ambulance -lrb- waa -rrb- helicopters were originally staffed by paramedics .
` ` a genuine all - rounder , who consistency with the bowl and skill with the bat saw him named the club 's player of the year after a stellar 2014 .
kent have also reported a strengthened balance sheet , with a net asset value of # 7.7 m - an improvement of just under # 1.4 m over the year .
autopsies will be carried out at the university of liege to determine the cause of death .
` ` we are looking forward to leone delivering similar performances as we enter a very exciting run of games at the end of this season . ''
liverpool boss jurgen klopp might have claimed his team has ` ` unfinished business '' in the efl cup , but this competition is clearly not the german 's priority this season as the reds chase the premier league title and a champions league return .
in addition to civil war displays , exhibition galleries will focus on the local history of the towns and villages of nottinghamshire .
but critics of the law say it could end up excluding women , leaving those who do wear the full veil trapped in their homes .
nikkei is one of japan 's oldest and most prestigious newspaper groups , and has managed impressive staying power at a time when the industry is on the decline .
` ` a credible , agreed plan therefore needs to be identified between all parties before queen street can be closed and dialogue is ongoing to achieve this . ''
britain clocked a time of seven minutes 4.33 seconds to claim the nation 's first ever men 's relay gold at a world championships , with the us and australia completing the podium .
japan is preoccupied with the issue of north korea 's missile test over its northern hokkaido island .
figures from the association of public health observatories reveal the uk is the fattest eu member and has one of the highest rates of teen pregnancies .
the committee heard from kay sheldon , a member of the board of the care quality commission who , the report said , had been ` ` victimised '' by senior officials after she tried to raise concerns about the way it had been operating .
payne made history in 2015 when she became the first female jockey to win the melbourne cup with prince of penzance .
` ` we asked for that near - perfect performance and thought there was more to come from us , '' said manager mcinnes .
the resolution comes after the nfu in scotland and the tenant farmers ' association both expressed support for remaining in the eu .
it is the latest batch of death sentences passed in connection with the killings - 36 men were hanged a year ago for their part in the massacre .
the royal mail has painted more than 50 postboxes gold following team gb 's gold medal haul at london 2012 .
i do n't mind sharing it with you , but you will need at least five years to master it under the watchful eyes of a senior chef , '' he explains .
newsround reporter ricky has been to greece 's capital city , athens , to meet children and find out how things have changed for them .
kelly has until 18:00 gmt on friday , 17 february to respond to the charge .
although each ward in the the noah 's ark children 's hospital for wales has an indoor play area - until now the children did not have a dedicated outdoor space .
the grammy awards is one of the most prestigious music ceremony 's in the world .
after returning to the board , brown claims he and martyn hazell put in an extra # 5.5 m to ` keep the newport gwent dragons and newport afloat . '
she said residents wanted a new plan to be drawn up because not all the area marked in the current proposals needed demolishing .
the farney county may face a tougher task than cavan in regrouping from the ulster semi - final replay defeat last weekend .
british rowing said it was aware of the comments made by taylor , 29 , to online magazine the mixed zone .
but that was not the independent solving it , it was the attackers updating the malware with a new version , '' said mr genes .
though the changes that aung san suu kyi wants most have stalled , that 's not to say there have n't been other important developments .
` ` human trafficking is serious and organised crime with those involved likely to be involved in the other serious crimes like drug production , kidnapping and the criminal use of firearms . ''
meanwhile , the scottish conservatives won 276 seats - 22.5 % of the total - after receiving 478,073 first preference votes .
swansea parted company with garry monk on wednesday and are thought to want a new boss before sunday 's west ham game .
the university said the controlled explosion was carried out by the royal logistics corps bomb disposal unit after the chemicals ` ` had become unstable '' .
warnock had earlier described himself to the court as having been very slim with dark hair , styled like the actor john travolta , at the time of the murder on 13 august 1982 .
` ` the government is still observing and waiting to see the modalities of the military coalition formed by saudi arabia , '' foreign ministry spokesman arrmanatha nasir told the jakarta post .
the co - op bank has four million customers and is well known for its ethical standpoint , which its board had said made it ` ` a strong franchise with significant potential '' to prospective buyers .
sources have told bbc wales the relocation will take place this month and some staff have been made redundant .
from 1708 it became the official residence of the lord warden of the cinque ports , a position occupied by sir winston churchill and queen elizabeth the queen mother as well as the duke of wellington .
they were expected to beat congo brazzaville in front of their home fans in kinshasa and qualify for the 2018 championship in kenya next january and february .
he said : ` ` sadly , prevent has become a toxic brand and most muslims are suspicious of what prevent is doing . ''
adding non - music content , including podcasts and video , also has the potential to keep users within the spotify app for longer . ''
south wales fire and rescue said its crews tackled the blaze throughout the night at the former white hart pub on newbridge road , pontllanfraith .
the document said that further funding of 10.5 m euros for 2016/17 from that programme is currently in negotiation .
ashley yates , 45 , used a spy pen to record images of pupils and staff at the tynings primary school in staple hill , south gloucestershire .
christensen ended last season on loan at burton albion , along with fulham forward cauley woodrow .
rosberg , who has won won six grands prix in a row dating back to last october in mexico , said he was expecting a fightback from hamilton over the remaining 18 races .
` ` it 's always been a club - with me being from the north east - that i ' ve looked out for on the results and followed , '' sweeney added .
bob also has a new home in the busy town of spring city , and will use a computer for his building designs , but he 'll still be seen working at his yard in the village of fixham .
i was angry about my break up and the fact he 'd asked for sexual favours . ''
reigning world champion stuart bingham defeated wales ' ryan day 4 - 2 to set up a last - four meeting with joe perry who saw off ali carter 4 - 1 .
peter kennaugh agreed with thomas , adding : ` ` i think all the riders on team sky would join me in saying they are completely behind dave brailsford . ''
police have also arrested and bailed a 16-year - old from london , a 15-year - old boy in county antrim , northern ireland , and a man , 20 , from staffordshire .
` ` i do not know any progressive who has a super pac and takes $ 15 m from wall street , '' said mr sanders .
jamie murray boosted his hopes of hanging on to the doubles world number one spot for a while longer as he and brazil 's bruno soares reached the semi - finals .
a range of dignitaries and family members will be present at the unveiling of the plaque in his memory .
those proposals would see men convicted of now - abolished sexual offences receive posthumous pardons .
the man and the five - year - old girl were discharged from hospital .
in a brief court appearance , she pleaded guilty to supporting incursions into a foreign state with the intention of engaging in hostile activities .
batsman godleman , 27 , has signed a two - year contract , while thakor , 22 , has agreed a three - year deal .
rbs said on monday the # 3.1 bn it planned to set aside would be used to settle claims relating to mortgage products , ppi claims and interest rate hedging .
the teenager has since been released on bail pending further inquiries .
a woman who was a passenger in the car was not injured .
officials say 80 asylum applications will be accepted each day , and a maximum of 3,200 people will be allowed to travel through austria .
he filled the vacancy left by former president michel martelly , who stepped down with no successor after the suspension of elections last year .
` ` the staff who keep our railways running are a key asset and i am delighted to launch this unprecedented , nationwide recruitment drive that will create up to 100 new train driver jobs . ''
the man was jailed for seven and a half years in march for the sexual abuse of minor .
borough commander supt ian larnder stood in the middle of a group of protesters trying to answer their questions and calm tensions .
the northern ireland assembly and the irish parliament also launched inquiries into the loans sale .
meanwhile , new zealander anstey clocked the fastest time for saturday 's two supersport races , edging out yamaha - mounted hutchinson by 1.7 seconds , with manxman cummins third .
the musician recently told hip - hop site 2 dope boyz he was sitting on a vault of material which did n't make the cut for to pimp a butterfly .
on ending the world - first bid , parks said it had ` ` been a bitter pill to swallow '' .
james thores was fined at elgin sheriff court after admitting a fishing vessel health and safety breach .
bt is responsible for connecting almost all households to the network regardless of their service provider , as well as improvements to and maintenance of the network .
they have been broadcasting comments from ordinary people in the streets of donetsk , luhansk and kharkiv , most of them saying they want their region to stay in ukraine .
take that hold the record for playing the most dates at wembley , having staged eight nights of their progress tour there in 2011 .
in defeat by kei nishikori in the us open quarter - finals in september and juan martin del potro in the davis cup semi - finals soon afterwards , he seemed physically spent - only to emerge revitalised in the past two months on this celebrated spree across first east asia and now western europe .
` ` they nest in a limited area and i hope people will respect the controls provided in order to give them the best chance of raising their young '' .
scott went on to play for ross county and hibernian , who farmed him back to the dingwall club on loan .
over the past couple of weeks the pound had fallen on fears that scotland would vote in favour of independence .
the minister also told universities to restrain pay for vice - chancellors - with dozens of university heads now receiving over # 300,000 and some being paid more than # 400,000 .
he added : ` ` my legal team and my colleagues will continue to work hard over the weekend to give every prospect of success for the survival and renaissance of bradford bulls .
` ` we understand on - street video footage of part of the incident has subsequently been posted on social media '' , he said .
what came next was a 12-day struggle to recover the bodies of his loved ones and bring them home for burial .
they are way off the pace in the premier league and struggling to qualify for the champions league next season .
economy minister jonathan bell has promised a decision on an air route development fund by the end of next month .
the plot to pass horsemeat off as beef only came to light after horse identification chips were found in the meat by inspectors .
women of africa is a bbc season recognising inspiring women across the continent .
and alexandra wrage , who resigned from fifa 's independent governance committee in april 2013 in protest at a lack of meaningful action , said even an independent chairman of the reform taskforce ` ` ca n't work '' .
the pcc said : ` ` the continuing criticism that has been directed at the chief constable and the eroding trust and confidence in south yorkshire police i have been left with no choice other than to suspend david crompton from his duties .
in lucca , people poured out into the streets , ansa said .
sadly , his condition deteriorated and he died in hospital this morning . ''
with 308,906 visitors in 2015 , the royal yacht last week announced 2015 as its best since its opening year in 1999 .
nadine foster , 18 , was a passenger in a ford focus when it hit a wall in stourbridge , in the west midlands , in april .
afzal ashraf , a former counter - terrorism adviser to the united states in iraq , told the bbc this incident demonstrated that ` ` some of the people in guantanamo bay were up to no good '' .
the supreme court ruled this was discriminatory , saying he would not be removed if his parents had married .
israel has no diplomatic ties with malaysia and venezuela .
only london ranked worse than scotland 's largest cities in the survey of the uk 's roads by inrix roadway analytics .
the second group of refugees will arrive in the first quarter of 2016 and will be settled in the north west .
a man , 41 , and a woman , 23 , were arrested in sheffield by south yorkshire police and remain in custody .
labour said its research discovered private ambulance usage by ambulance trusts across the country grew by 82 % between financial years 2011/12 and 2013/14 , from # 37 m to # 67.5 m last year .
but around 125-a - day have been caught in less than a week .
the projects will get a share of the # 450,000 india wales fund .
` ` i am so excited that the club has given me the opportunity to stay , '' ta'ai told the club website .
a charity concert to raise money for the relief effort was also held in the city .
although pakistan saw its first democratic civilian transfer of power last year , the country has been ruled by the army for much of its history .
during his republic of ireland stint , which began in november 2013 , keane has twice been linked with the celtic job but opted to remain as o'neill 's assistant on both occasions .
westhill - based proserv specialises in exploration and production , drilling and infrastructure technical solutions and services to the energy industry .
the scene was near the mosaic to commemorate the reformers ' tree in hyde park .
stefan payne scored at the near post to level before raggett 's winner .
the 44-year - old will work alongside andy hessenthaler , who was appointed as orient boss last week .
police have established he sat as ` ` third pilot '' in the cockpit of an air dolomiti plane which flew from munich to turin in april .
police are appealing for witnesses to come forward .
slade took leyton orient to the play - off final last season , where they lost 4 - 3 on penalties to rotherham , and is having to deal with greater expectations from supporters following the takeover .
the conviction was eventually overturned on appeal , but only after he had begun his two - year sentence for taking part in unauthorised protests .
the council will also work with traders to find a private buyer for the town 's victorian indoor market .
1966 world cup : england 's tournament behind the scenes
the weaker value of the pound since the brexit referendum vote means that the uk is now a much cheaper destination than it used to be .
part of her job was to make sure people who had committed ` ` significant crimes '' but were living in the community , complied with crown court orders issued under the mental health act .
mr abbott has claimed australia is ` ` already the most generous country in the world on a per capita basis when it comes to dealing with refugees through the unhcr '' .
he was under - secretary of state for scotland from 2010 to 2015 and became scottish secretary in may 2015 .
she 's now through to the semi final of the competition .
data from the detailed survey will also be used to build a computer model of the obelisk and help with a ` ` more effective repair approach '' .
gsk said it would make an upfront payment of $ 317 m to buy bristol - myers squibb 's late stage hiv drugs , with a further $ 518 m dependent on sales and royalties .
the north has called the shutdown ` ` a declaration of war '' .
the win was colchester 's first in league one since a 2 - 1 home success against port vale in october , and keen 's first in the competition since his december appointment .
the researchers say if it is successful , the trial will offer a cost - effective way of preventing type-1 diabetes that could be made available immediately to children at risk .
the men and women have been charged with aggravated trespass and entering a security restricted area of an aerodrome , police said .
vicky pattison left geordie shore after nine series in october .
dorset police said they believe it could be linked to two attempted sexual assaults on women in september .
but this sale , which could come as early as monday , is not yet a done deal .
thirteen galapagos tortoises remain at the zoo .
police described the gun used in the attack as ` ` accurate firing '' .
of this groundwater resource across the continent .
wembley staged the event for the first time in 2015 and is set to continue doing so for the foreseeable future .
police said the 43-year - old man was subjected to a ` ` brutal '' attack at century mill in farnworth , bolton , at about 12:00 bst on 9 june .
there was a time when by - elections were a speciality of the liberal democrats .
the family had hit the target , but his mother has now posted on facebook ; ` ` i ' m devastated to let you know that his cancer has continued to grow .
oscar - winning actress sandra bullock , along with three of the main stars - bob , kevin and stuart - hit the yellow carpet .
he joins walsall on a free transfer after his contract expired and is the league one club 's first summer signing .
but they lost all 10 wickets in 22.5 overs in the final session as bangladesh secured the biggest win in their history .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood called for a northern powerhouse for wales in a speech at bangor university .
philip stevens , five , and two - year - old izaak were suffocated by their mother melanie , 37 , before she hanged herself , the inquest in caernarfon heard .
neal bishop -lrb- scunthorpe united -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner .
` ` the council has been working exceptionally hard to turn things around in govanhill and we are starting to see real progress being made . ''
klitschko , who had threatened to sue fury 's team over alleged contract tampering , also suggested his rival might not even show up on fight night .
louise holloway , who lives nearby , was outside in the garden when she heard a ` ` huge bang '' and saw ` ` a massive orange flash right across the sky '' .
` ` we will repeat our call that north korea should refrain from the irresponsible provocations that aggravate regional tension and should focus instead on fulfilling its international obligations and commitments . ''
the funeral of jim and anne mcquire , the other scots couple killed in the sousse attacks , took place on friday .
although the group is based in north korea the exact role of the leadership in pyongyang in ordering the attack is less clear .
it was also shut for five days earlier in september due to a tear in the lagoon liner .
the three astronauts returned to the shenzhou-9 spacecraft on thursday and performed a manual separation from the space laboratory .
examination of phones seized from the teen robbers revealed chat groups used to plan and boast about offences , suggestions on where to hide evidence and what to steal , west midlands police said .
the company based in the lackaboy industrial estate makes sandwiches and snack foods for convenience stores and retail outlets .
officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity to the associated press -lrb- ap -rrb- news agency , believe the attackers have targeted the forms submitted by intelligence and military personnel for security clearances .
the bridge has transformed the economy of the east of scotland and the lives of millions who now take crossing the forth for granted .
` ` it was coming and going when a taxi passed with -lsb- its -rsb- music on .
mae chwech o griwiau tân o ' r rhyl , prestatyn , bae colwyn ac abergele yn bresennol .
what is alzheimer 's disease ?
the experts now say it is fine to go outside in strong sun in the middle of the day , as long as you cover up or apply sunscreen before your skin goes red .
since then , the syrian observatory for human rights has documented the deaths of 248 people in rebel - held parts of aleppo and its surrounding countryside .
dragons director of rugby lyn jones added : ` ` it saddens us all to hear that matthew has been forced to retire .
german media say the man arrested this week is a 31-year - old employee of the federal service , the bnd or bundesnachrichtendienst .
then they tested the kit in race conditions during june 's isle of man tt race .
birmingham city manager gianfranco zola told bbc wm :
he said he was not criticising the judges , but the people who brought the case : ` ` this is an attempt to frustrate the will of the british people and it is unacceptable . ''
speaking at his campaign launch , mr kassam promised to ` ` make ukip great again '' .
it will be cutting jobs and student places , but it has not yet revealed how many .
` ` i feel that the fresh challenge of managing a club in england 's league one could provide me with the platform to build towards this goal . ''
in china , for example , food is deep fried in high quantities of oil and in brazil , people use larger amounts of oil in traditional dishes .
warriors ' three pre - season matches are all away - against french side clermont auvergne , jersey and munster - while their new home is being prepared .
` ` he has been candid in his admissions to the police , '' she said .
the inmate , from romania , had been serving a 30-month sentence for sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13 .
glenavon had taken the lead on 34 minutes when kyle neill 's corner went straight in at the far post .
but karrueche has tweeted that this time she has had enough of the drama .
we decided to close so that the children can get home in daylight safely . ''
the report was part of a campaign to undermine a nation which valued human rights , it said .
the lecturer suffered a fractured eye socket , a fractured left jawbone , a broken nose and bruising that left him ` ` utterly unrecognisable '' , the court heard .
police described the explosion as a ` ` fireball '' , burning the girl 's face .
speaking in kiev , gen breedlove said russian military assets being installed in crimea would have an effect on ` ` almost the entire black sea '' .
gordie howe died just before 08:00 on friday at his son 's home in ohio , according to sportsnet and cbs news .
` ` it has been england 's day - this is not about today not being new zealand 's day .
real madrid 3 , real sociedad 0 .
pugh added to the positives with an excellent all - round display , showing good technique in keeping a bouncing ball on target for the winner after benik afobe 's shot was saved .
` ` i do n't think the police should be able to come to the ward without special permission , '' he said .
` ` projectiles and fireworks launched from the stands require fans to take refuge on the pitch , '' lyon tweeted .
the crash , which happened at the rising sun in north bradley near trowbridge at about 06:00 gmt , left a huge hole in the front of the building .
the mother - of - five was airlifted to hospital in stoke - on - trent .
and to return to the greater manchester run - it 's a 10k grind rather than a sprint - something we should all remember as this first week of the campaign begins to pick up pace .
match ends , bristol city 2 , ipswich town 0 .
it is in fact the atacama desert in chile , one of the driest places on earth .
the firm is also launching its own wi - fi service in the uk , in an attempt to solve the ` ` frustration when wireless connectivity fails at home '' .
fe wnaeth ms jones gyhoeddi llun o hysbyseb y democratiaid rhyddfrydol ar ei thudalen facebook ddydd llun , gan ddweud bod plaid cymru ` ` ddim yn cefnogi brexit eithafol '' .
the campaign group initially aimed to reach # 50,000 via crowdfunding , but extended its target after raising that figure in nine hours on the crowdjustice website .
as well as three cheltenham winners , power also won four races at aintree 's grand national meeting .
a liberal democrat bid for a referendum on the terms of the uk leaving the eu was defeated by 340 votes to 33 .
the himalayan forest thrush is only the fourth species of bird discovered in india since independence in 1947 .
the match ended in a 1 - 1 draw .
donald trump 's choice of neil gorsuch as his supreme court nominee is a fairly traditional pick in a decidedly untraditional time .
greater manchester police spoke to the 42-year - old in failsworth on saturday after an abandoned 999 call .
the 34-year - old was arrested in belfast on sunday .
imbula became portuguese football 's record signing when he joined porto in a # 15.1 m deal from marseille in july 2015 .
the event in scunthorpe offers the winner a place in the world championship qualifying event .
the man , who was in the house at the time , received hospital treatment for his injuries .
the judge said the case was being deserted after a matter arose and he heard legal submissions .
the new centre is co - headed by prof keith harding , head of cardiff university 's wound healing research unit , which has been researching wound healing for more than 22 years .
american bubba watson chose to defend his travelers championship title prior to his appearance at the rio olympics and finds himself four shots off the lead and tied for 24th .
the 45-year - old cska moscow boss succeeded fabio capello as russia coach last july , but only had a contract until the end of euro 2016 .
mr osborne first committed himself to returning the national finances to surplus by 2020 at the conservative party conference in 2013 and it became policy in the july budget of 2015 .
` ` however , our marine and fisheries team will continue to monitor the whale 's behaviour in conjunction with colleagues from belfast harbour commissioners .
the council said the right of the orange order to march was not ` ` absolute '' .
his widow , lizzie , has asked people to wear rugby league shirts for the service at st mary 's church , halifax .
prosecutor andrew jackson said kerry , desperate for money after drinking in a norwich city centre pub , had broken into the home and beat ms king to death .
morrison told the hammers website : ` ` i ' m really pleased to have signed .
the move is part of a new housing project in attempts to improve conditions in the camp , which is used by about 5,000 migrants and refugees .
he was extradited to the us to face charges in march 2016 .
but he still had doubts over the extent of marco 's deception because some volunteer workers who got into trouble with the nazi regime did end up in concentration camps .
sheeran managed to drive off the test track a few times and admitted he 'd never driven a car ahead of the recording .
further questions over cantat 's return to the spotlight have been raised as a result of a sympathetic interview in les inrockuptibles magazine - the first time the singer has spoken in public since the murder .
the scottish fa said in a statement that it was ` ` disappointed they have chosen not to undertake their media responsibilities '' .
` ` i ' m still expecting to be active in the market , '' confirmed westley .
the company said it had obtained the agreement of the families of che guevara and hugo chavez to use their names in the colognes .
blackburn also felt they should have been awarded a first - half penalty when hope akpan went down under the challenge of stephen ward , while heaton was again on hand to deny bennett 's low drive in the second period .
national union of teachers general secretary kevin courtney said cancelling the universal offer of a hot meal in the day is ` ` mean - spirited and wrong - headed '' .
and would n't the eu introduce work permits for british workers , thereby reducing emigration from the uk ?
the host nation was also at the centre of the incident that led to tunisia 's row with caf , which the local federation -lrb- ftf -rrb- says is now over .
mickelson , winner of the claret jug in 2013 , carded a 63 on thursday , the joint - lowest round in major history and the 46-year - old 's 36-hole total of 132 is a record for an open at royal troon .
` ` the club has watched a lot of him , i ' ve watched a lot of him and i felt he 'd be a good fit for leeds united . ''
barry mccarthy took 2 - 20 as durham hit back , but northants finished the day 59 - 3 , 107 runs behind .
in one instance , police used a weapon against a man armed with a large knife - a move which ` ` undoubtedly '' prevented people from being hurt , according to mr thomas .
australia lead the three - test series 1 - 0 , having beaten pakistan by 39 runs in the opener at the gabba .
the figure was weaker than the 5 % growth in the third quarter of 2014 .
the use of asbestos was banned in 1999 and campaigners warn that the legacy of the material will continue for decades yet with case numbers unlikely to peak for another 20 years .
american jordan spieth leads the open at the halfway stage on six under .
the materials could be used to sheath artificial limbs or to create robots that can pick up and hold fragile objects .
malaysia 's government has cracked down on reporting of the 1mdb scandal , blocking access to certain online news portals and targeting media groups and journalists .
despite criticising prison staff for their immediate reaction to finding the prisoner unconscious in his cell , the report did not find fault with the inmate 's medical management during his time in the jail .
owners of empty commercial properties will be compensated .
to kill a mockingbird was published in july 1960 and has sold more than 40 million copies around the world .
when parliament is sitting , the daily politics is on bbc2 from 1200 - 1300 on weekdays , with an 1130 start on wednesdays for pmqs , and the sunday politics is on bbc1 from 1100 - 1215 , occasionally moving for live sport and news events .
in a risk assessment report published by occg , it said : ` ` patient safety in the 111 service will be compromised due to performance issues caused by a lack of resilience to peaks in demand . ''
those two and five other candidates will take part in an earlier debate .
recently unsealed documents show mr roy attempted to take his own life several times before , and had spent time researching methods online .
det sgt wojciech spyt said : ` ` we would like to appeal to any witnesses in the area at the time of the incident who may have seen a group of four men running down dunnocks way towards greater leyes . ''
sdlp south antrim mla thomas burns condemned those behind the attack which he said was ` ` pointless '' .
earlier this year ricky got to try out the oculus rift and some of it 's accessories .
they can use only chainsaws - any other carving tool is banned - to carve logs into the shapes of animals and people .
scientists think the genetic mutations may have given the last woolly mammoths ` ` silky , shiny satin fur '' .
mr brennan became director of the cia in 2013 , having spent four years as assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism .
it is not clear how long the children were in the boot .
the actress , who was oscar - nominated for her performance in 2005 's pride and prejudice , is the daughter of playwright sharman macdonald and actor will knightley .
rutherford has won gold at his last four major championships and is the olympic , world , commonwealth and european long jump champion .
series three , four and five have never been shown on uk terrestrial tv .
it replicates the so - called ` rape shield law ' which exists in the usa , canada and australia and aims to prevent the cross - examination of a rape complainant 's sexual history , previous behaviour or appearance .
a campaign to encourage people to send him the cards had been organised by an everton fan .
speaking after the sentencing , det ch insp steve porter said : ` ` this is a dreadful case in which a dedicated public servant turned up at her workplace only to lose her life in the most brutal way .
ackerman was granted a stay of implementation in november , but his disqualification has been reactivated with immediate effect until 11 june .
` ` these included the option of changing the number of crosscountry services north of edinburgh to and from north east scotland , allowing the local train operator scotrail to provide these .
` ` he was just a leader of young people ; a good organiser , a good communicator and an extremely talented young referee , '' mr ehlertsen said .
the 40-year - old scot , who has already won two ranking events this season , continued his impressive form with a routine 6 - 1 victory over leo fernandez .
but nearly 2,400 of the staff were employed by nhs bodies in the uk in non - clinical roles - of these 472 earned more than # 150,000 .
it 's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise , the first ever positive steroids test in the history of scottish rugby , or the fact that and think it 's unfair that so many scottish , welsh and irish teams qualify for the heineken cup from a league without relegation .
the employers maintain the offer is a good outcome for staff .
the 40-year - old took over in 2012 and has guided leigh to the championship title in each of the past two years .
officers said at 21:00 on thursday they expected the road to be closed ` ` for some time '' while the emergency services dealt with the aftermath .
` ` the new form flatly asks for ` the name of the person your spouse has committed adultery with ' , '' ms hamblin explained .
the sinn féin mla is challenging that decision in a separate court action .
mr howells said the party must have a ` ` radical analysis '' of society if it is to increase its numbers in parliament .
murray had defended sears , saying : ` ` in the heat of the moment , you can say stuff that you regret . ''
mr phillips issued the report as part of his investigation into the death of daniel foss , 37 , who died after being hit by a bus on the kingsway in september 2013 .
pochettino , however , was unsure as to when attacking midfielder erik lamela would return to action .
indonesia has undergone a resurgence since the 1997 asian financial crisis , becoming one of the world 's major emerging economies .
belfast have a game in hand on the devils , who defeated coventry blaze 5 - 3 on monday evening .
she was remanded in custody and will appear before north tyneside magistrates ' court on monday .
villa have appointed a former birmingham boss as manager in the past - and the outcome was not good .
the justice minister had claimed that a convicted drug trafficker , cees helman , was paid much less than the compensation of 4.7 million dutch guilders - worth â ‚ ¬ 2.1 m -lrb- Â # 1.5 m ; $ 2.3 m -rrb- in current terms - that he in fact received .
bbc radio 4 presenter anita anand said it was ` ` beyond parody '' that the home office could not spell language in a note to migrants who have been told to learn english .
the 78-year - old actress is famed for being part of the classic carry on ... line up but also became a household name to a new generation of tv viewers through her role as landlady peggy mitchell in eastenders .
so what do you do in that situation ?
` ` the ipcc will be conducting a thorough investigation into how police responded to the concerns for their welfare and their disappearance . ''
scotland under-21 international kevin mchattie is hearts ' first - choice left - back .
the charity told the eye on wales programme it had been ` ` overwhelmed with demand '' and , without it , there would be ` ` no support for deaf people looking for work in wales '' .
a police spokesman said the small bomb was rusty and resembled a dog bone .
is has not had an official presence on twitter since july 2014 , when its last branded accounts were shut down .
` ` and regardless of what happens to this film version , i believe this is why the tale of cinderella will keep enduring . ''
since being president , obama has tried to make america 's relationship with cuba more friendly , and in 2015 he re - opened the us embassy which was closed 54 years earlier .
the man charged in connection with the incident will appear at merthyr tydfil magistrates ' court on thursday .
two men were found guilty of child sex abuse and another woman was found guilty of assault .
a statement posted on the justice for paige facebook page said : ` ` the man who brutally murdered a 15-year - old defenceless child has been given more time off his sentence .
arsenal boss arsene wenger : ` ` unfortunately it 's the first time in the premier league that you finish fourth with 79 points and it was very tight .
now the farmer 's told newsbeat the site needs to do more to punish trolls , and stop them ruining it for everyone else .
mr davies , who has responsibility for the welsh government 's broadcasting policy , said : ` ` i was extremely concerned to learn of this announcement and its implications for the bbc in wales , especially the loss of 27 jobs . ''
female cyclists earn a fraction of what male cyclists pull in and the chance to ride one day of the tour de france is little more than a patronising pat on the head from the cycling authorities .
scotland - wide travel information is available from traffic scotland and traveline scotland , while national rail has the latest on rail disruption
most of the whales were saved but 10 then went on to strand themselves on rocks on nearby staffin island .
bydd pont droed lydan yn cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu ardaloedd gogleddol a deheuol y ddinas .
a police scotland spokeswoman said : ` ` police in fife are investigating following a fatal fire at an address in walter hay court , rosyth .
the former army colonel is already facing a trial for allegedly possessing illegal firearms .
starbucks boss howard schultz said its chinese stores were the most efficient and lucrative .
mcintyre 's county knocked holders celtic out of the league cup semi - finals before lifting the trophy for the first time .
guests reflected the whole range of popular music and included brian ferry , keith emerson , joni mitchell and neil diamond .
` ` the british public has a strong sense that the situation of the civilian population in gaza is simply intolerable and must be addressed - and we agree with them . ''
the 24-year - old missed the indian premier league -lrb- ipl -rrb- auction last month in order to concentrate on his international future .
dozens of people were out in the streets breaking into shops owned by ethnic arabs and tuaregs , whom they accuse of having collaborated with the militant islamists .
` ` many schools are robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are because too many teachers think that solely cramming pupils ' heads full of facts is education .
` ` but we are going to try and get the authorities to release so it can be mounted in the hwange national park as a memorial , '' he told the bbc .
` ` given an increase in violence and tension the security council must have eyes and ears on the ground to predict and ensure that the worst does not occur in burundi , '' said french un ambassador francois delattre .
chief financial officer alan trotter is to leave alliance trust , while chief executive katherine garrett - cox is to step down from the board .
his russian visit , which would have been the first by a uk foreign secretary in five years , was cancelled after discussions with the us , which is sending secretary of state rex tillerson to moscow to deliver a ` ` clear and co - ordinated '' message to the kremlin .
` ` i thought we asked a lot of questions of a very good barrow team , '' cowley told bbc essex .
the claims amounted to a ` ` witch - hunt '' , he added .
chiltern edge school in sonning common had been rated inadequate by ofsted after following the inspection in march .
the woman was taken to hairmyres hospital in east kilbride on sunday where she is in a stable condition .
together we will push the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda where it belongs . ''
local legend says a nazi train filled with gold , gems and guns went missing near the city in 1945 .
around 4,000 of fresh & easy 's 5,000 employees are to transfer to the new business as part of the deal .
huws , ipswich 's seventh january signing , links up with his international team - mate jonny williams , who is on loan from crystal palace .
ledecky will attempt to complete the sweep when she goes in the 800 m heats on thursday , with the final taking place on friday .
wildlife groups have been campaigning to stop culls of badgers , which spread the disease .
britain had high hopes of bolstering their gold tally in the para - triathlon , with the event included at a games for the first time .
` ` the weather has been horrendous , with snow down to sapa .
minichiello has coached ennis - hill since she was 13 , helping her become world champion in 2009 , olympic champion in london three years later , and then take gold at the 2015 world championships just 14 months after she gave birth to her son reggie .
` ` the situation here - after the storm - has worsened , '' dr buenaventura sanchez told the associated press .
ahead of a divided labour party in the polls , she may be at the zenith of her political popularity .
grayson added : ` ` i think bailey owes the club a lot .
the song , written by the children with the help of the church 's musical director rachel hesselwood , listed the qualities the new vicar needed .
the court was told that after dousing his wife 's body with the flammable liquid he went on a walk with the family dog .
nhs direct has already pulled out of contracts for 111 services in cornwall and north essex
the uk is seeking a ` ` comprehensive free trade deal '' with the eu after brexit to replace its membership of the common market and customs union .
vice - president yemi osinbajo estimates that nigeria 's debts stand at about $ 60bn -lrb- Â # 38bn -rrb- .
the fact is the campaign has become a succession of tightly controlled photo opportunities ... by all the main parties .
the club 's dressing rooms are also understood to have been damaged by tuesday 's flooding which caused major disruption throughout the north west .
hours later charlie was born at home but he died of sepsis on 10 may .
hong kong police said a male 39-year - old foreigner alerted airline staff early on monday , who then called the authorities .
a total of 276 schoolgirls were kidnapped by boko haram from the town of chibok in april 2014 .
despite cancelling barkhuizen 's contract at the lancashire club , they retained his rights so preston had to pay the compensation package .
many of the items will be seen together for the first time in the exhibition , which opens on thursday and features about 130 artworks from the latter stage of matisse 's career .
some of the passengers had registered for the journey after seeing a social media campaign , while others had a surprise upgrade .
the htc vive is one of the latest vr headsets on the market , and we asked newsrounders to check some of them out .
meanwhile , the uk 's deficit in goods and services widened to Â # 3.7 bn in february , from a revised figure of Â # 3bn in january .
keshi , who signed a new two - year deal with the nff in april , was on a list of 59 applicants published recently by the ivorian federation -lrb- fif -rrb- to take over from frenchman herve renard .
in 2011 , the response to another us football touchdown registered at nearby seismic recording stations .
the dr congo government has said that the bodies were all buried in individual graves on 19 march .
the judge ruled the players are not eligible to strike because of a provision in an earlier contract .
meanwhile , st johnstone have sent two youth players on loan for the rest of the season , with defender neil martyniuk joining montrose in league two and striker greg kerr spending time with whitehill welfare in the lowland league .
and staff of the fifa - recognised nff , including the general secretary mohammed sanusi , are currently working in the building .
` ` but the scottish labour party can no longer turn to the big beasts .
responding to the statement , malcolm trobe , interim general secretary of the association of school and college leaders , said : ` ` it is disappointing that the autumn statement failed to address the severe funding pressures in schools and colleges .
the bbc scotland investigation revealed that taxi - related complaints had doubled , and even trebled , in some council areas .
the children 's laureate - always a well - known writer or illustrator of children 's books - is chosen by a panel of judges from the book world .
the attacker , a 27-year - old swiss man , also died on sunday , they said .
the authority had proposed to cut # 1.3 m a year by making changes to the way home - to - school transport and some concessionary travel was funded .
the obama administration has already agreed to a compromise for non - profit groups with religious ties that allows them to avoid directly providing birth control in health plans for employees .
ms rodriguez fired several shots with a 9 mm handgun as they drove away .
` ` having one of these devices in each and every piece of electronic equipment , you could challenge that electronic device and see what it outputs in order to identify it . ''
` ` they easily cheat , tell lies , forget promises , they are dishonest and tell bad words , steal , fight and turn to violence and commit sex crimes , '' it says .
after a century in his second test outing , moeen has not contributed more than 40 in any knock since and is seen as an option to bat at six , with jos butler and ben stokes also possibilities .
the slumping price comes as opec - a group of the largest oil producing nations - refused to cut oil production .
the council has since told the bbc that all systems have been restored without having to pay off the hackers .
` ` it is set to pull together a lot of story threads from ' 86 , leaving the way clear for a new series of this is england ' 90 . ''
labour leader jeremy corbyn said : ` ` i am angered that three striking primary school cleaners from kinsley have been sacked .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan warned on saturday that russia would ` ` have to face consequences if it keeps up such violations '' .
a private hearing , separate from avon and somerset police , was held to discuss the matter and the findings of the panel are yet to be published .
england set the tone for a near - perfect day with an electric performance on the third morning , executing their plans to perfection to finish off the australia innings .
dervite follows david wheater , gary madine and jem karacan in signing new contracts with bolton , following their promotion to the championship .
the tribe had planned on opening a lounge selling marijuana - for consumption only in the lounge - on new year 's eve .
assombalonga , 23 , had three years remaining on the deal he signed on joining from peterborough in 2014 .
the win also lifted surrey off the bottom of the table above hampshire .
the former derby county manager , who was sacked by the rams in february , has spoken to the swansea hierarchy having impressed them in the autumn .
` ` i have absolutely no sympathy with these monsters in syria and it is for very innocent reasons that we chose the name , '' she said .
but nhs england said a lack of beds was not a reason for refusing admission .
this report confirms what many people have believed for a long time - that the government 's investigation into the disappearance of the 43 students was deeply flawed .
kate goodchild , 32 , was on a family holiday to attend a wedding , and decided to extend their trip to go the gold coast theme park .
england are ranked third in the world , behind 11-time world cup winners australia and second - placed new zealand .
earlier , 45 whales died after 81 of the animals were stranded on monday .
the price of energy from bottom - standing offshore wind farms has plummeted 32 % since 2012 - far faster that anyone predicted .
but it is not impossible that our decision to leave the european union could end up being judged in the european court in luxembourg .
` ` so i would like to see the ability for people who travel to take photos of things they have seen that have not been picked up by the app and post them on a ` bulletin ' for others in the area to look at . ''
` ` i will always be grateful to crystal palace and steve parish for giving me the opportunity to go out with my head held high having helped keep the club in the premier league .
pistorius was found guilty of the culpable homicide of his 29-year - old girlfriend at a trial in october last year .
a car would collide with the side of a bus causing minimal impact but resulting in multiple personal injury claims from the passengers on board .
so how do you solve a problem like operation stack ?
writing on his instagram account , the singer explained he was ` ` taking the opportunity of not having to be anywhere ... to travel the world '' .
cambridge united 3 , cheltenham town 0 .
for scotland , it was their first back - to - back victory in the six nations since 2001 following their record win over italy last week .
gkn added : ` ` having completed a thorough assessment of the business , we have regrettably concluded that gkn yeovil , as it stands today , is no longer a sustainable business and will have to be significantly downsized or fully closed .
amnesty says these sweeping powers have led to a cycle of impunity for human rights violations in the troubled region .
speaking after the adjournment at bradford coroner 's court , she added : ` ` we have always considered the death of an 11-year - old boy by self - suspension , a boy who had no mental health background , as being completely inexplicable .
the head of venezuela 's strategic operational centre , general vladimir padrino lopez , told the country 's state television that a plane had been targeted after ` ` all other means of persuasion had been exhausted '' in the early hours of saturday .
london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- said a rideable on charge in a bedroom in southwark caught fire on 11 october .
four of his associates were also charged , prosecutors said .
in 2001 four co - conspirators were sentenced to life in prison over the august 1998 bombings , in which 224 people were killed .
president trump has not yet commented on hawaii 's latest legal bid , but has previously insisted he has the right to enact such an executive order and hit out at ` ` so political '' courts .
roedd swyddog arall eisoes wedi defnyddio taser ar mr williams , ond dywedodd pc griffiths nad oedd hi ' n siŵr a fyddai ' n cael effaith oherwydd y man y cafodd ei saethu a ' r ffaith ei fod wedi cael ei saethu gyda taser yn y gorffennol .
` ` elizabeth taylor was one of the first -lsb- to have her own scent -rsb- , but glow kicked the whole thing into overdrive , '' he says .
south africa 's branden grace is the leader in the clubhouse after a four - under - par 66 in his third round .
an investigation into the death is currently being carried out by turkish authorities .
` ` we want him to be here for many years to come , '' said ledley .
in the second half , scunthorpe 's paddy madden scored from the spot when tom hooper was pushed over , but fleetwood ended strongly for a deserved win .
all four refused to consent to extradition when appearing in court .
police had earlier released an image of a 54-year - old man they wanted to speak to .
amy simpson , 18 , died when her car left the road near the village of dalavich , on the banks of loch awe , on tuesday .
data gathered during the exercise could be used by the snp if ms sturgeon decides to call another referendum on leaving the uk .
listen again : a look ahead to the singapore grand prix
to comply with the new rules , broadband providers will now have to :
` ` not only has a lot of damage and inconvenience been caused to a large number of people , it has also caused a number of police resources in the north of edinburgh to be diverted in order to investigate .
if you were sold ppi via your credit card then the differences can amount to thousands of pounds .
the 26-year - old , who has been at the kcom stadium since 2015 , was out of contract at the end of this season .
omeruo underwent his medical at kasimpasa on tuesday before signing a deal , which includes an option for the turkish club to buy him at the end of the loan .
suharto , the president of indonesia from 1967 to 1998 , is alleged to have cleaned out the country 's state funds to the tune of about $ 35bn .
the book chain 's managing director james daunt added : ` ` the quality of the books on the shortlists this year was exceptional , reflecting the vibrant health of the children 's book market .
the events draw inspiration from the women 's march on washington , which also took place on saturday and attracted crowds of 200,000 people .
lions in 2013 and 2009
communities secretary eric pickles , who announced the scheme last autumn , calls weekly bin collections a ` ` basic right '' .
there have been more heroin seizures across the south wales police force area than anywhere else in wales and england , outside london , for at least the past three years , according to figures from the home office .
last year a language school in the city removed isis from its name for the same reason .
matt mckeown from plymouth , south - west england , has created a super trolley with a motor and special wheels .
the latest incident surrounding solo concerns a training camp being held by the team in carson , california .
it 's two form teams going at it in the semi - final . ''
the 2016 hyundai mercury music prize takes place at the hammersmith apollo on thursday , 15 september .
it has destroyed schools and medical clinics , and thousands of homes .
google acquired titan aerospace in 2014 , reportedly fending off a bid from facebook , which has also been trialling internet - providing drones .
police said the woman was the only person in a northbound vehicle that collided with a car occupied by two adults and two children at about 10:50 .
the planning inspectorate for wales will make a recommendation after the inquiry in ebbw vale , before welsh government ministers have the final say on whether the plans can go ahead .
deutsche bank 's value has nearly halved since the beginning of the year , with its shares having fallen 43 % .
wrexham were 2 - 0 winners away at altrincham .
make games .
queen of the south 0 , rangers 5 .
the conservatives say they will save # 5bn by clamping down on avoidance and evasion , the liberal democrats say # 6bn and labour tops the claims at # 7.5 bn .
` ` no satisfactory reason has been provided for refusing entry to the united states - either at the airport in iceland or subsequently at the embassy .
however , the report has recommended that he be replaced as chair of the safety technical group overseeing the casement project .
you are now ready to make your vpn
` ` the presence of a turkey that can use its force effectively can lead to consequences which can change the game in syria , iraq and the entire region ; everyone should see that , '' the hurriyet daily news quoted him as saying .
some people say it began as a food fight between a group of friends , others say people threw tomatoes at a carnival parade , and some believe it happened when tomatoes spilled from a truck .
cardiff council 's planning committee passed the proposals on wednesday subject to conditions and the development starting within 18 months .
despite west ham auctioning off memorabilia from the boleyn ground , the new housing development will celebrate the history of the area .
butler , whose astuteness earned him the nickname ` ` grey fox '' , led the investigation into the great train robbery which resulted in several of the robbers receiving lengthy sentences .
the new series of the x factor returns to itv in the autumn and open auditions are currently under way .
` ` we started the second half strongly and the game was played in their defensive third .
pick the xi that you think can take wales far at euro 2016 - and then share it with your friends using our team selector .
find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .
the east cliff lift , an edwardian funicular railway built in 1908 and operated by bournemouth borough council , was partially submerged by debris , while a public toilet block at the foot of the cliffs was destroyed .
on the 23rd floor of the metropolitan police 's west london office , detective chief superintendent alaric bonthron begins a morning briefing for one of the force 's most secretive sections .
they will be used on wales air ambulance 's newest helicopter , the fourth in its fleet .
there are over 200 sculptures , the biggest of which is a star wars themed spectacle , which organisers say was created using 850 truck loads of snow and ice !
leinster missed a chance to close out the first half with a third penalty , mcfadden wobbling an injury - time effort wide after pat macarthur saw yellow for a ` reckless ' forearm - led tackle that ended dundon 's involvement in the game .
door - to - door inquiries are taking place in saltcoats and stevenson and there are extra uniformed patrols in the area .
the number of corporate insolvencies fell year - on - year by 21 % , to stand at 188 , in the first three months of 2015 .
but the home team could not claim the bonus point score in the final 20 minutes , with centre pierre dupouy claiming a consolation try .
a leicestershire police spokeswoman said the pupil ` ` sustained injuries as a result of getting into difficulty in a swimming pool in glenfield road . ''
morgan - smith was available on a free transfer after he was released by the latics , having made only four starts for the league one club this season .
three further bins have been examined and found to contain up to 50 % trade waste , according to the city of edinburgh .
meanwhile , organisations opposed to gurmeet ram rahim singh have held protests in punjab and haryana following reports that the film had been cleared for release .
professional darts corporation chief executive porter landed the same role with the o 's under barry hearn in 2006 .
but much of india 's milk is collected from small farms across the country , and by the time it reaches consumers it 's impure and old .
a body was found by a member of the public on private land near leighton , about 10 miles -lrb- 16.09 km -rrb- away from the centre of shrewsbury , on monday .
in the same month it was fined $ 100 m -lrb- # 60 m -rrb- by us regulators for violations of us sanctions against iran , sudan , burma , and cuba .
it 's now reached the pacific ocean and video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs .
quick - step have won two of the four stages of this year 's vuelta , following yves lampaert 's victory on stage two .
ee performed best across all categories , with three second in terms of mobile internet , text services and network reliability .
love will make his final selection two weeks later after the tour championship , only five days before the ryder cup starts on 30 september .
her brother - in - law adrian phillips said : ` ` aung san suu kyi has often said how important music and the arts have been to her throughout her life .
all of those killed were members of the colombian air force .
jonathan brewster was found not guilty of theft at a hearing at sevenoaks magistrates ' court .
in london , over 3,000 police officers are being deployed to safeguard the new year 's eve celebrations .
a spokesperson said : ` ` it will focus on the systemic institutional failures which saw many of our most vulnerable children , including those in the care of the state , abused by the very individuals who were there to care for them .
non - food stores were the main contributor to the slowdown after reporting an annual sales fall of 1.2 % .
messenger has already proved controversial with some users of the social network , who have complained about having to switch between two apps to stay in touch with their facebook friends .
has fake girlfriend tech moved on ?
according to silicon valley business journal facebook ` ` feel you just ca n't build a corporate campus , it has to be integrated into the community '' .
harry potter and the cursed child , the west end stage play written by thorne , is set 19 years after the seventh and final book in the series by jk rowling .
surman joined norwich in 2010 and made 58 appearances for the canaries .
` ` it seems to me to be the strongest -lrb- turrialba -rrb- eruption in the past six years , '' volcanologist gino gonzalez told reporters .
labour leader jeremy corbyn paid tribute to the ` ` dignity '' of campaigning relatives , praising their ` ` steadfastness and determination '' .
saracens can take a step closer to progressing when they host oyonnax in the reverse fixture next weekend .
the teenager has not been seen since about 18:00 gmt on friday when she was dropped off outside ibstock community college .
the 28-year - old , who has been first choice for the chiefs this season , has torn a pectoral muscle .
referring to an article about mrs cox 's humanitarian work , he said : ` ` she was more interested in bringing refugees over here and things abroad . ''
the ni composite economic index -lrb- nicei -rrb- showed growth of 0.3 % when compared to the first quarter of the year .
world champion lewis hamilton drove in the afternoon as mercedes continued their policy of using both race drivers in one day to avoid over - exerting them , as a result of the high mileage the team are covering .
the passport office has 2,500 employees working from 37 locations across the uk .
the pursuit of kurdish forces , whom ankara considers terrorists , has led to criticism by the united states .
emily was trapped underneath the boat after one of the straps on her buoyancy aid caught on a cleat .
that posed a political puzzle - in a border poll would these people tick a british or an irish box ?
if you submit a picture , you do so in accordance with the bbc 's terms and conditions .
the french consulate - general in bangalore confirmed that ` ` a complaint had been lodged regarding the rape of a minor girl who is a french national '' .
several hundred km directly above the clouds of the great red spot , the hotspot suggests that high - altitude heat is somehow created by the turmoil beneath .
` ` the fa cup is the oldest competition in football , and it was always our goal to play in it , '' says vintila .
` ` you are not here to judge the morals of any person who has given evidence in this case .
the court heard some of the drugs were purchased online using bitcoin currency .
charter will pay about $ 55bn in cash and stock for time warner cable , with the balance of the $ 78.7 bn valuation coming from twc 's debts .
` ` news of the death of adrian ismay , a prison officer who was targeted in a bomb attack in east belfast last week , is a huge blow to all of us who have stood against those with such murderous intent .
russia itself has been widely accused of intervening in ukraine , using its economic clout to persuade president yanukovych and his allies to abandon closer ties with the eu in favour of russia and other ex - soviet states .
his son accused the court of ignoring a letter written by a judge who said that he and salahuddin quader chowdhury were at university together during the 1971 war of independence .
the tweet , which has since been deleted , read : ` ` the pride community is everybody , not just lgbtq people .
pick , 21 , and bateman , 25 , were caught with anabolic steroids in their systems during out - of - competition tests .
the award will be presented live on the bbc sports personality of the year programme on sunday , 14 december 2014 .
` ` imagine having to get down on your hands and knees and laying down on a dirty floor or squashing yourself into the back of your car just because there is n't a bench and hoist in the toilet , '' she says .
with brunt and off - spinner knight running through the lower order , west indies lost their last five wickets for 24 runs .
devindra ferguson , of colindale , north - west london , was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder on thursday .
a government spokesman said the bodies were found near the city of al bayda , close to the site of the kidnapping .
the bomb was a ` ` blessed weapon to save the lives of innocent muslims '' , he told the court .
mr greaney said : ` ` on the surface colin gregg deserves the respect and thanks of our community .
the northern ireland rare disease partnership aims to give sufferers and their carers an independent voice .
a spokesman for the uk 's ongoing independent inquiry into child sexual abuse , chaired by justice lowell goddard , said that although the allegations about sir edward fell within its terms of reference , it had not received any direct allegations .
clark henfrey , 19 , from barnsley , has been charged with dangerous driving and with encouraging and assisting in the commission of a dangerous driving offence .
matthew oliver paid more than one thousand pounds for the seed which came from the current world record holder grown in switzerland .
police have urged anyone who witnessed the crash , involving a nissan quashqai and a vw caddy , to contact them .
` ` it is alleged , in short , that he used his power and influence improperly , '' the prosecutor said .
msps on the equalities and human rights committee said more needed to be done to tackle the problem in schools .
wimbledon still require two points from their last two matches to cement their spot in the play - offs .
in wrexham , homes and streets were hit in llay , rossett and gresford .
baseline - this is the line at the far end of the court .
players in england 's top eight tiers are banned from betting on football .
brandon flowers invites the bbc into his bedroom .
for the duration of the works , those travelling between south wales and london should note :
british number four aljaz bedene was also knocked at the quarter - final stage of the chennai open in india on friday .
the lack of answers appeared to frustrate both democratic and republican senators , who repeatedly pressed the intelligence officials on the russia inquiry .
opponents argued it would impact the countryside and farming , and called for the cables to be laid underground .
as dublin celebrated back - to - back titles for the first time since the county 's triumphs in 1976 and ' 77 , mayo 's players looked crestfallen as they attempted to come to terms with a fifth all - ireland final defeat in 12 years .
a committee member said the group looked ` ` for excellence in governance but in leadership also '' .
` ` the comparison drawn in the words of the deputy chief of staff regarding events which characterised nazi germany 80 years ago is outrageous , '' he said .
a kingston police spokesman said the driver was pulled over because officers thought the car seemed very expensive for a learner to be driving .
now , a team of engineers from the government communications centre -lrb- hmgcc -rrb- has stepped in to recreate the motor using 3d printing technology .
the annual night - time event has been described as a harmless way of blowing off steam at the end of a gruelling summer of training .
windows 8 is designed for touchscreen devices such as tablets and the novel sign - on systems makes use of the sensitive displays they are likely to sport .
he lost two teeth when he was punched in the face .
delhi later banned uber and several other web - based taxi firms for failing to carry out adequate driver checks .
ghana currently has a little more than 20,000 professional nurses .
he has already triumphed at the genesis open , wgc mexico championship and wgc match play this year .
strabane 's christmas lights will be switched on on saturday but skye and marshall will not be there .
at 3 - 0 behind fu made the most of a decent opening to score a well - constructed 72 before pinching a thrilling fifth frame full of incredible escapes , missed chances and numerous flukes .
a ` ` pre - action protocol letter '' from the council 's legal department to ms teal warned the authority will seek a high court injunction to stop her , and others involved in ` ` direct action '' , from taking part in future protests .
the new villa vice - chairman is chris samuelson , an international financier who has been involved in a failed takeover at fellow championship club reading .
two boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder and three others are being held on suspicion of robbery and perverting the course of justice .
but the overwhelming focus on the ` ` demand - side '' of an uprising lost sight of something more important : that the ` ` market for revolution '' can not clear if the army is both able and willing to use overwhelming force .
the 26-year - old has made just one appearance since joining posh in november , scoring in the 3 - 2 win over former club barnsley .
` ` we are shocked that the ifa having found carrick guilty failed to implement the requisite admonishment as per established rules .
lawless , 31 , was a free agent , having been released by luton town when his contract at kenilworth road expired at the end of last season .
senior officers have been encouraging fans to still engage with police and are using the hashtag ` ` copaselfie '' .
it has all been enough to push share prices lower on fears that another economic crisis might be on the way and like a particularly expensive game of pass the parcel no one wants to be left holding bank shares if , or when , the banks go bust again .
after a year of negotiations , an amendment to the montreal protocol to phase out these chemicals is expected to be agreed at this meeting in kigali .
the rate hit 5.1 % in the three months to november - its lowest rate since the three months to october 2005 , according to the office for national statistics .
he told bbc world football : ` ` if there is one person who can change the mentality of english players , of english football , it 's pep guardiola .
yates , 19 , spent time on loan at both national league club barrow and league one side shrewsbury last term .
` ` the death of jamie abba and the murder of kevin mackay have left two families devastated .
some key dates in the history of bhutan :
his brother was visiting from edinburgh in may 2013 when they walked dogs on leads across a public footpath through elbow field , turleigh .
the 54-year - old has left his job as assistant first - team coach at barnet to join the national league club on a rolling contract .
` ` not many people i know understand hard and soft brexit , and those are the experts .
whitfield diffie and three other experts spoke to the bbc world service inquiry programme about the tensions at the heart of the spat between apple and the fbi .
her widower , anthony gibson - watt , thanked the coroner for investigating the circumstances leading to the death of his wife .
mr benn has certainly put his head above the parapet - but he 's done so on an issue that is highly divisive within the plp , rather than one of the several causes which pit most labour mps against their leader .
the return of ireland internationals henderson and bowe would be a massive boost for an ulster side sitting fourth in the pro12 standings .
` ` i 'd urge anyone who may have seen suspicious behaviour by three men in the area at this time to come forward .
its mate lf15 is expected soon at the scottish wildlife trust reserve near dunkeld , which operates a live webcam of the nest .
jay and aliona are taking part in the strictly come dancing live tour which starts on 22 january in birmingham .
the recent fall in children being put forward for adoption in england has prompted sir martin to issue guidance to clarify the meaning of recent court judgements .
china won all four table tennis golds available in rio to take their total to 28 from the 32 available since table tennis ' first olympic appearance in seoul in 1988 .
and although he was close to hitting a million dollars a year before his show was cancelled in 2014 , he says most comedians make money at clubs and do television to boost their brand rather than their income .
manchester city hosted stoke city in a rearranged premier league fixture last month on the same night as the champions league last-16 ties between barcelona and paris st - germain , and borussia dortmund and benfica .
crocodile farmer john lever , from koorana in queensland , has been on multiple trips to gather eggs from crocodile nests .
but he was in fact an undercover police officer .
` ` we 're delighted that beth has signed a new deal - she is one of the best young players in the country , '' sunderland manager carlton fairweather told the club website .
academics from plymouth university , the university of leeds and the university of york identified a link between sea - level change and rail incidents over the last 150 years .
climate researchers have immediately taken issue with the president 's use of the data .
the fact city have accepted the charge is not a surprise .
the trial was told the killer had been on a seven hour drinking binge and in the hour before the attack was boasting he was the ` ` hardest man in brecon '' .
the motorist was stopped on the mi8 on his way to work at about 13.30 bst , tweeted humberside police .
aa president edmund king said : ` ` at a time when drivers are facing record prices at the pumps , further charges for parking at work are the last thing they need .
they described jessica as a studious girl who is full of energy and very close to her two big sisters .
his suitbag , containing badges commemorating service , was taken from the virgin service from euston .
people in oromia and amhara , two of ethiopia 's most populous regions , have complained about political and economic marginalisation .
bristol city 's pressure gradually grew as the first half wore on , with the pacey albert adomah exploiting the space vacated by cardiff 's advancing full - backs .
swansea boss francesco guidolin :
` ` there is always more to do but i am confident that dyfed - powys is effective and keeping people safe and reducing crime . ''
police commissioner k p raghuvanshi said the builders were arrested for allegedly paying bribes to police and municipal officials to construct the building in the mumbai suburb of thane without any official sanction .
` ` he is not for sale .
also , mps -lrb- with a handful of exceptions -rrb- have been rushing to say that the result of the vote must be respected .
edmund backed up two wins in qualifying with a 6 - 3 6 - 2 victory over world number 73 garcia - lopez in beijing .
edinburgh will have the option of returning to murrayfield for bigger matches , such as the 1872 cup encounters with glasgow warriors .
it took down half a city 's power for three hours in the dead of winter .
her subsequent work includes the role of a temperamental french actress in fellini 's 8   1/2 -lrb- 1963 -rrb- .
we looked frightened and scared and that is very disappointing , '' he said in his media conference afterwards .
alloa are bottom of the championship , three points adrift of livingston , who they beat 1 - 0 on saturday .
lord alderdice , who is also a former leader of the alliance party , said he did not think it would be appropriate for the commission to return now .
eastleigh 0 , macclesfield town 1 .
but figures in dwp accounts published in december raise questions about how much of the arrears backlog is likely to be recovered .
the 32-year - old scored 25 points on sunday to pass the milestone in his 10th season with the cavaliers .
china eastern airlines said in a statement to the media that the crew had ` ` observed the abnormal situation of the left engine and decided to return to sydney airport immediately '' .
` ` hopefully at the end of the season i can take that back with me to city and have a good go there .
the maximum penalty would have been 15 years each , but the judge said he took into account the boys ' youth .
and mr obama pointed out that the us was also once badly affected by corruption , but it had overcome the problem , giving hope to kenyans .
nye frankie newman , 17 , from aldershot in hampshire , died in the french capital on new year 's day .
they have been choosing a president , members of parliament and senators , the new posts of county governors and members of county assemblies .
but industry sources say it has led to restaurants closing because they can not recruit skilled chefs .
to use david miliband 's phrase , it is how to bring ` ` humanity to the conduct of the war '' .
lawrie , who is a vice - captain with the european ryder cup team , will be at castle stuart this week for the scottish open , which acts as a dress rehearsal for the open at troon .
the eu ca n't ignore the divisions and disagreements that have emerged in the last few weeks between member states that have different ideas about how this crisis should be confronted .
italy 's government predicts a total of 200,000 migrants will arrive on its shores this year , up from 170,000 in 2014 .
the pilot became stuck in the plane , which was embedded in the building , and the aircraft 's landing gear broke off and landed on a bed .
the information about 100 soldiers being contacted emerged on thursday following fresh criticism of the police investigation by some bloody sunday families .
meanwhile in neighbouring guinea , the bodies of eight missing health workers and journalists involved in the ebola campaign have been found .
they called on the home secretary to put the force into remedial measures .
the man was injured by accident on ` ` soft ground '' near okehampton in devon , police said .
mr oyston was fined # 40,000 in june and banned from football activity for six weeks by the football association for five breaches of aggravated misconduct after sending abusive and insulting text messages to a fan .
find out why child migrants want to come to the uk
ulster were now the team in control although handling errors and stubborn treviso defending kept the gap at 10 .
the former dairy has stood empty for more than 30 years .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- will be launching another two earth - observing instruments to the station this year .
the rest relate to business in northern ireland .
the shots were fired in friedrich - stoltze square , a busy area of bars and cafes , as local people enjoyed the ascension day holiday in the sunshine .
police earlier said they were ` ` possible suspects '' but did not arrest them .
wilson rejoined championship side forest from celtic for # 2.5 m in august 2013 , but has been without a team since being released in may .
` ` he 's a monster .
` ` we are concentrating on pushing for promotion and that was a massive factor in signing the new deal , the belief i have in the club .
the winner , to be chosen by a vote of labour party members , will be named on 12 september .
the monitoring group said that while direct access to tor was not working well , many people were reporting that they could still access the network if they used a bridge .
hrw said its report focused on 28,707 of the 53,275 photos smuggled out of syria by caesar that , based on all available information , showed the bodies of at least 6,786 people who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to a military hospital .
some fans of mexico shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal - kick which is argued to be homophobic .
lord elis - thomas said he had been ` ` forced to agree to not speaking publicly about any matters they regarded as controversial without specific permission of the party chair '' .
batting at number three , compton scored 245 runs at an average of 30 as england won 2 - 1 in south africa , but his place for the first test of the summer against sri lanka starting on 19 may is not certain .
one of the men died at the scene and the other is critical in hospital .
` ` sir howard davies has demolished gatwick 's arguments , which amount to a feeble public relations effort to undermine the credibility of the airports commission 's work and recommendations , '' he said .
a man from london , 38 , who was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder remains in custody .
the 39-year - old told bbc essex he would play in this year 's tournament if his wife gives birth before his first - round game against joe perry on monday .
in 2009 , the city council and the university of nottingham began an online archive of more than 20,000 objects from the firm 's history .
england are preparing for the women 's rugby world cup , which takes place in ireland and starts in dublin on wednesday , 9 august .
but the retired producer was caught when the police officer posing as a would - be hitman taped a conversation in which harris said he was ` ` 100 % sure '' he wanted his partner dead .
it said according to its data , more than 13,000 motorists drove above 50 mph in a 30 mph zone in the past year and about 562,000 since november 2015 .
oukabir , whose brother moussa was among suspects killed after the cambrils attack , has also given evidence to the madrid court .
mr trump 's executive order on tpp was largely symbolic since the deal has not been ratified by a divided us congress .
the 17th century miniature painting of edward herbert , 1st baron herbert of cherbury , was painted in watercolour on vellum by isaac oliver .
but keeper king , 19 , and defender potts , 23 , are set to stay , while the club 's option on frank musonda 's contract will be taken up .
in this particular case , commercial and recreational users should not make any attempts to approach or actively pursue the whale .
click here for full results from saturday 's great north city games in newcastle .
the queen mother raises her arm like a nazi salute and the queen copies her .
the event was the latest in a story that started with less fanfare when matavesi senior came to the uk on a rugby tour with the fiji barbarians , in 1985 .
now oxfordshire county council has agreed to continue the policy when the centre reopens because of the predicted increase in pedestrians .
the most decorated olympic athlete of all time , michael phelps , has been seen with the circles on his skin , as have various other athletes .
scotland 's best player on the night after a long absence from the international scene .
gsk has been fined # 37,606,275 and the generic firms have to pay # 7.4 m .
hamilton has had five bad starts this year that have cost him positions , compared to three for rosberg .
i have spoken to many people at the club .
in the first world series game at wrigley field since 1945 , coco crisp was the indians ' match - winner .
mr hearn , who had until recently been working on new software for the currency , says he has now sold all of his own bitcoins and will no longer take part in the crypto - currency 's development .
earlier this year , picasso 's women of algiers became the most expensive painting to sell at auction , going for $ 160 m -lrb- # 102.6 m -rrb- at christie 's in new york .
mr farage has said he wants to be a ` ` bridge '' between the uk and donald trump 's us administration .
outrageous treatment of scottish labour party leader . ''
the passenger was in labour and mr hall rushed to help deliver a baby girl , the force said .
last week the new chancellor of the exchequer philip hammond said the government remained committed to building a new nuclear power station at hinkley point in somerset , despite the rising potential cost to the consumer of the electricity it will produce .
jlr said that the jobs at the solihull site would bring the total number of jobs it had created in the uk over the last three years to almost 11,000 .
dettori crossed to the rail side to win by one and half lengths for his third victory in the prestigious mile race .
the man was detained by officers in killarney on saturday morning .
ross later posted a picture of the hole online , and goal - scorer anderson , offered to pay for the repairs .
he remains in custody at a south london police station .
at least four forged australian passports were used in the killing of mahmoud al - mabhouh in dubai in january .
mr wagon , a cycling skills and bicycle maintenance trainer from outspoken training in the city , said he was a fan not only of the tour de france , but the cultural activities surrounding it .
` ` dyma oedd dechrau ' r broses gyda nifer o ffurflenni gan y swyddfa gartref i ' w llenwi , '' meddai ms hughes .
the scottish salmon company -lrb- ssc -rrb- said it was hit by ` ` exceptional mortalities '' amounting to 1,300 tonnes - about a fifth of its potential harvest .
` ` pwc forecasts that northern ireland 's economic growth will remain the lowest of the 12 uk regions at around 1.8 % in 2015 - lower than the 2.2 % growth experienced in 2014 - and will fall again in 2016 to around 1.7 % . ''
tait , who picked up a medal alongside kate hornsey in the women 's pair , was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2013 .
she added : ` ` we appreciate that they may have changed significantly , but we remain stunned that a foreign national with a conviction for murder was not monitored , or even known about in any way .
capital controls were necessary in iceland and cyprus , and in greece today , but they come at a cost .
he was arrested in valladolid , north - west spain as part of an interpol investigation .
matthew flynn and josh todd both struck from close range around the hour - mark .
on thursday evening , the king dissolved parliament and called early elections , though he did not specify a date .
` ` the application is that she be remanded on bail , subject to the condition that she continues to reside -lrb- there -rrb- , '' he said .
he told bbc wales : ` ` welsh labour will be happy to go into the election next year campaigning to reduce the cost of politics and administration in local government . ''
last june , the bbc announced ten pieces of classical music aimed at inspiring schoolchildren to create their own works .
one industry watcher said gopro 's move into drones was ` ` very significant '' .
the firm in muir of ord has already created 100 new jobs to allow it meet the needs of the utility company .
` ` i was asking my driver in saudi about it , and he liked the idea of my project so agreed to drive me around in the evening , '' she says .
the congolese musician has been in similar trouble in the past :
hospital bosses made changes last august in a bid to help ambulances reach the emergency unit more quickly at the university hospital of wales -lrb- uhw -rrb- in cardiff .
more than half of cuckoos in the uk have been lost over the past 20 years , according to the british trust for ornithology -lrb- bto -rrb- in norfolk , which led the research .
the solar panels will be installed on 50 homes this year , 1,000 next year and 950 in 2016/2017 .
there was a complete hush , it was extraordinary , '' says mr haynes who used to work on the floor of the london stock exchange , and is now chief executive of the trading venue aquis exchange .
the former leader still has supporters in peru and vowed to reveal his thoughts online .
we begin by discussing the signing of the ulster covenant and what it means to him a century on .
` ` the only people who should be worried -lrb- about this -rrb- are the inconsiderate dog owners who are not clearing up after their dogs , '' a spokesman said .
meanwhile , aberdeen international airport recorded its lowest decline in passenger numbers for almost two years in january .
the world number six beat mark williams , ali carter and mark allen en route to the final , which featured five centuries in all and nine more breaks over 50 .
the california - based firm plans to return more than $ 130bn to shareholders by the end of this year .
the six , including sochi medallists , were named as having had urine samples tampered with at the 2014 games .
gubbins brought up his century from 208 balls before nicking jim allenby -lrb- 3 - 51 -rrb- to marcus trescothick at slip .
making tupperware party has convinced mt hollywood films to return to scotland to make other films .
mike weston , tfl 's director of buses , said : ` ` removing cash from our bus network not only offers customers a quicker and more efficient bus service but it enables us to make savings of # 24 m a year which will be re - invested to further improve london 's transport network . ''
much of this is due to the prospects of more accurate satellite - derived location data .
with more than half the votes counted , president juan manuel santos is leading his conservative rival oscar ivan zaluaga with slightly more than 50 % .
meanwhile , jason derulo achieved a third week at number one in the singles chart with want to want me .
mr obama will officially leave the white house when president - elect donald trump is inaugurated on 20 january .
the rmt said it believed the advert amounted to ` ` targeted harassment '' , which contravened twitter 's regulations .
` ` we did n't think at this point in the electoral cycle we 'd be taking control of derbyshire county council , '' he said .
their recent run is in contrast to the way they started the season with six victories from their first seven games .
donald trump 's lawyers did not make their case .
british transport police said the guard on board was shouted and sworn at aggressively before being spat at by a passenger .
the uk 's chief veterinary officer said h5n8 avian flu has been discovered at a farm with 1,000 birds in wyre .
the mix - up led to the body of philip bradburn being cremated instead of that of conservative mep philip bradbourn .
benjamin netanyahu 's visit to moscow comes at a time of deepening russian military involvement in syria .
` ` i am extremely proud to be appointed england manager .
the transatlantic trade and investment partnership , or it will be if the negotiations are completed .
it is not yet known how the pieces went missing , but he said they probably fell into a handbag or ` ` got stuck on a granny 's cardigan '' as she was helped out .
and , while some species might be able to move to higher latitudes or elevations to survive , ` ` for a lot of organisms , that is not an option '' .
on friday , ` ` caucasian heritage night '' quickly became a top trending term on twitter in the us .
the digital centres are being developed inside existing libraries and each is supplied with 15 android tablet devices loaded with via afrika 's latest educational programmes , apps and electronic textbooks .
they were ahead against elgin city after 19 minutes as jonny court shot from the right side of the area from a lloyd kinnaird pass .
wales started the tournament as 100/1 outsiders but they beat northern ireland and belgium in the knockout stages to reach the last four .
i am delighted the next generation of tvrs will proudly bear the label made in wales . ''
however , experts say with the number of ebola cases falling opportunities to test vaccines and drugs could be limited .
it was great britain 's 17th medal of the games and moved them up to fourth in the table , ahead of australia .
survivors say the fireworks caused the ceiling and a pillar to catch fire and produce heavy smoke .
10 june - hereford expelled from football conference
recalling the hms coventry search , he said : ` ` we were very conscious that we were diving on a war grave and the casualties that went down with the ship .
his family is raising money to buy a particular area of land on which he dreamed about running outdoor survival courses for disadvantaged young people .
speaking on rtÃ ‰ 's morning ireland programme , chief commissioner emily logan said the government had failed to meet basic human rights standards required under international law - in the stark choices made during the recession .
former manchester united under-21 manager joyce , 52 , took over in november after gary caldwell 's sacking but only won six of 24 games in charge .
cash was stolen and three men were arrested on suspicion of causing an explosion with intent to endanger life .
copper was mined at the scheduled monument until the 1950s .
early on in her leadership ms williams launched project 31 - a plan which would see the welsh liberal democrats aim to win a majority of seats in cardiff bay .
world number three matthew , 35 , lost his first set of the week but recovered to win the final in 50 minutes .
` ` it is fitting that we mark the anniversary of the fire with an innovative set of stamps that re - imagine the events . ''
bear attacks are rare in the area with only 10 deaths reported since the park was created in 1910 .
founded by comedians and broadcasters including jimmy edwards , frank muir and raymond glendenning , the club first met in the dressing room of the windmill theatre , london , and was about preserving wartime camaraderie , mr parsons said .
the third , it appears , was the clincher .
andrew white , chief executive of the office of the police and crime commissioner , said in a statement : ` ` the building does n't decide if the commissioner is impartial or not .
once the transfer window closes , teams can still sign free agents and clubs outside the premier league can bring in loan players in the case of an emergency .
` ` we are keen to support projects that , like this one , enable local people to understand more about the heritage of the first world war and how it touched and changed their community . ''
i ' m rather perplexed by this debate , which has been going in the uk for some time , because i view taxes as not optional .
match - funding for the projects has been provided by the department for the economy in northern ireland and the department of jobs , enterprise and innovation in the irish republic .
entry had been gained with damage caused to the interior doors .
he ruled that phillips , who carried out the attack in a case of mistaken identity , had wrongly been condemned as a highly dangerous man from whom the public would need future protection .
member of the public who have any information on the possible location of the fugitives can use this form to contact interpol .
the treble from man of steel nominee solomona means he has scored 40 tries in the league this term - the most ever scored in a super league campaign .
he is one of the elders , a group of ethiopians who have mediated in political crises in the country since 2005 .
the 27-year - old polish man was discovered at a property in brothertoft road , boston , on saturday .
central will be the story of percy , the fourth earl of powis ' son , who died in the battle .
chambeshi has watched his side play some attractive football in the group stage and is looking for more of the same on wednesday .
` ` everyone who wants to see us go to the world cup will be backing us to win this game .
it is yet unclear whether the essex - based gymnast has a chance of returning to fitness to secure one of three individual spots available on the british team , as well as a place in the team event , at next summer 's olympics in rio de janeiro .
the us and russia brokered a nationwide cessation of hostilities in february but it has come under severe strain .
this is not the first arrest for engaging in acts of homosexuality but so far prosecutions have never ended in prison .
penguin books has promised to push the book in the same ` ` radical '' manner as morrissey 's autobiography , which was published under its classic imprint .
council leader frank mcaveety said : ` ` byres road is a jewel in the crown of glasgow 's economic and social life , attracting visitors from glasgow and beyond to its attractions during the day and at night .
mr gunn 's white ford focus crashed on the a967 at garson farm , shandwick , on saturday morning .
a young palaeontologist working with the university of manchester found the fossil in 2008 , in the collections of doncaster museum and art gallery .
pop star katy perry will make her debut at the festival , following a clutch of politically - charged performances at this year 's grammys and brit awards .
the bbc reith lectures began in 1948 , with a talk by philosopher bertrand russell .
once a portuguese colony , gaming has taken place in macau for more than 300 years .
in a us tv interview , mr netanyahu said he wanted a two - state solution , but said ` ` circumstances have to change '' .
six years ago the then education minister leighton andrews said university governance was ` ` the last resting place of the crachach '' - elitist and detached from mainstream welsh society .
arsenal are the fourth top - tier side to carry the ` women ' name , with six teams using the ` ladies ' moniker .
shell has spent about $ 6bn -lrb- Â # 3.85 bn -rrb- on exploration in the arctic - a region estimated to have about 20 % of the world 's undiscovered oil and gas .
` ` he boldly declared that britain will have the fastest broadband network in europe but then offered no plan as to how he will make this happen .
dramas like the fall , she suggests , are part of an ` ` industry '' built on ` ` rape and the ritualistic murder of women '' .
shares in greggs opened sharply higher and continued to climb in afternoon trading .
` ` the way that jennings plays , i think australia might be quite a scary place for him .
mr grosvenor said wind turbines have more of a visual impact in lincolnshire because the landscape is relatively flat .
nhs england said it was committed to ensuring terminally - ill patients got the support and services they needed .
a total of 25 baby hatches have been established in 10 provincial regions in china , xinhua reports .
the pound also fell 1 % against the euro to 1.1251 euros .
however , leinster were quick to put on another display of quick hands and fast offloads in the middle to double their try count .
united world wrestling cleared 16 russian wrestlers , while all four russian badminton players have been told by the sport 's governing body they can compete .
alexis sánchez -lrb- arsenal -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
one of the accused was charged with two counts of distribution of child pornography , the other with one count each of making child pornography and distribution of child pornography .
juve also conceded a penalty to cagliari on the opening day using var , although buffon saved it in a 3 - 0 win .
the study compares pre - recession travel times of 2006 with those of 2012 and found the average commute was the equivalent of five weeks a year .
it sounds like the eleven supreme court judges sent the welsh government packing .
` ` farmers were often reluctant to report incidents to police , particularly where there was a ` near miss ' and no physical damage was done to their livestock .
asda said it would increase the price it paid per litre to its milk supplier arla from monday , with the intention that it be passed directly on to farmers .
our correspondent says it will decide whether to include the abortion law in its recommended changes to the constitution , which will be put to a referendum .
ex - france international defender rod fanni , 34 , has signed from qatari side al - arabi for the rest of the season .
the dutch lost their first group a game 2 - 1 in czech republic and needed to come from behind to beat kazakhstan 3 - 1 on friday , before losing in reykjavik .
buckley was also found guilty of child cruelty , a charge his partner chloe thomas , finley 's mother , had already admitted at cardiff crown court .
on wednesday , forest green confirmed the departure of midfielder rob sinclair by mutual consent .
mr johnson 's official spokesman said : ` ` the mayor wishes to apologise for offering his wife a short - lived lift on the back of his bike !
eboue , who has not made a first team appearance for the black cats , had been ordered by fifa to pay agent sebastien boisseau an undisclosed amount he was entitled to under the terms of an agreement between the pair .
` ` nick has a very bright future in the game , '' said sarries director of rugby mark mccall .
a welsh government spokesman said it did not have the same energy powers as scotland , and defended its green energy record .
west ham have joined the lldc in insisting that the rental deal should remain private for reasons of commercial confidentiality .
police were called to love ranch brothel in crystal , nevada , after he was found unresponsive on tuesday .
it has been providing financial assistance to the family since 2012 .
` ` despite his substantial success to date and involvement in key products such as apple ipod , mr fadell has arguably not yet reached the truly iconic status bestowed upon jonathan i ve , '' ben wood , from the tech consultancy ccs insight , says .
the observations go many tens of kilometres into the atmosphere .
they also made the semi - finals of the fa vase ,
` ` today , the us army corps of engineers announced that it will not be granting the easement to cross lake oahe for the proposed dakota access pipeline , '' the tribe 's statement read .
ms wood blamed the conservatives in particular for claiming the snp posed a threat to the future of the uk .
commanders lowered the flag during a ceremony in kabul - raising the flag of the new mission named resolute support .
cctv of miss yeates at the waitrose store in the triangle on the night she disappeared has already been released .
the report also found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television , thanks mostly to shows like empire , luke cage and how to get away with murder .
the met office said a storm , named storm barbara , could see winds gusting to 90 mph over western and northern parts of scotland .
full fa cup first - round draw :
it also wrote a letter to the duchy in april saying it remained ` ` extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public at large on a very busy beach , especially in the summer , and the possibility of an unfortunate , and potentially fatal , situation occurring '' .
it is england 's joint - second biggest t20 defeat in terms of balls remaining and the third time they have lost by nine wickets .
manchester united have won 50 of a possible 54 points in their last 18 premier league games .
the indian rapper who took on a multinational
brains believes there is potential in the coffee market and plans a chain of about 50 outlets over the next three years in south wales and the south west of england .
` ` while we should take all instances of voter fraud very seriously where they occur , mandatory voter i d is a sledgehammer to crack a nut , '' chief executive katie ghose said .
essex police said two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed in colchester between 18:22 and 18:31 gmt on saturday .
both play in the back row and have also featured for the england under-20 side .
new research suggests the cornish black honey bee is better at dealing with varroa mites , which carry a strain of a disease called deformed wing virus .
the children were on a trip at hills farm in edingley and the accident happened on carver 's hollow .
the rock am ring festival - one of the most popular of its kind in germany - also suffered lightning strikes last year , when 33 people were taken to hospital .
` ` the times in which we could completely depend on others are on the way out .
jurors were told earlier how the mastermind behind the hatton garden raid pulled out of the heist after failing to complete the task in one night .
burton , who had already secured their championship status , dropped to 20th in the table , one point above the relegation zone .
however , researchers at the university of bristol believe the shape of beer glasses affects the speed people drink .
in a statement , the company said the move will hit next year 's profit by about # 15 m .
he faces jamie cope in the first round of qualifying .
hundreds of people have been injured and more than 5,000 are being housed in tents set up in emergency camps .
a spokeswoman said : ` ` the foreign secretary has accepted an invitation from russian foreign minister sergey lavrov to visit moscow in the coming weeks .
at low doses , lithium prolonged the life of fruit flies in lab experiments .
the drone was designed to give short - term targeted coverage to aid search and rescue situations , ee said .
a scottish fire and rescue service spokesman said : ` ` the service received a 999 call from a member of the public shortly before 11 pm alerting them to a fire within the ground floor of the four - storey tenement building .
and forces advancing from the north and south have still not entered the city .
in january , it was warned that the growing numbers of job cuts in the oil industry was having a dangerous impact on the mental health of some workers .
the vast majority of you were on the money when it came to predicting the top two .
the jcc association of north america , a network of cultural centres , reported more than 100 bomb threats against jewish centres in the first two months of 2017 .
the psychiatrists will also say that mr cuddihy , who was 42-years - old at the time , believed he was carrying out his parents ' wishes and was helping them to secure a place in heaven .
unilever said underlying sales growth in emerging markets , where it makes more than half its sales , slowed to 5.7 % .
first , a central part of the turnaround plan involved getting the landlords for the 164 stores to agree to reduce the rent .
the uk voted by 52 % to 48 % to leave the eu after 43 years .
lloyd james -lrb- exeter city -rrb- wins a free kick on the right wing .
michael jackson 's sister latoya wrote : ` ` a brilliant prolific # songwriter rod temperton may you # rip one of my favorite # songs rock with you # thriller # legend # music # michaeljackson ''
although he has n't followed the ` ` swipe left '' style of tinder , eharmony has had to adapt as a result .
parents lesley and simon , with brothers daniel and harry , laid flowers in the village before the funeral .
with nominations across seven categories , katy perry leads the competition .
sale sharks were cleared of wrongdoing by the concussion management review group -lrb- cmrg -rrb- for an incident involving back - row forward tj ioane in a premiership game in january .
the st helier station was unmanned for the weekend and members of the public attended a silent protest on sunday .
azarenka was given a wildcard to play in the mallorca open , which is scheduled to be her only competitive action before wimbledon .
the win was australia 's first in india since 2004 .
an outline application for about 1,000 homes in lisvane has been put forward by south wales land developments ltd . .
ian thompson , the council 's corporate director of regeneration and economic development , said : ` ` it came as a disappointment that the planning inspector has declined to reopen the examination .
jordan white poked home for the hosts only for shankland to fire an impressive volley and settle the match .
` ` we have not passed the turing test .
` ` why did tfl ever agree in the first place to contribute # 30 m to the garden bridge ?
keatley thumped over a penalty from just inside edinburgh 's half after the home pack shunted a fraction too early in the scrum and hidalgo - clyne slotted his second three - pointer to bring the hosts back within four points at the break .
mr mckelvie said he had ` ` reluctantly '' resigned after being ` ` advised that i am likely to be required as a witness in the inquiry 's investigations , and that the inquiry may need to examine my work in pursuing allegations of -lsb- child sexual abuse -rsb- '' .
and he hopes that his achievement will transcend the boundaries of sporting achievement and change the attitude of people towards disabled in india .
earlier this month , derby manager steve mcclaren said he was surprised martin was allowed to leave the club under previous boss nigel pearson .
spacex previously confirmed the wreckage was from the first stage of a successful mission to the international space station from september last year .
most private nipt providers offer their tests to women through hospitals and healthcare clinics , although some clinics are located in retail chains on high streets .
her skill as a typist , she said , brought her to the role of joseph goebbels ' secretary in 1942 , during the war , when he was minister of ` ` public enlightenment and propaganda '' .
mr evans is now awaiting official confirmation from guinness world records that he is the new record breaker .
bydd eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn yn cael ei chynnal rhwng 5 - 12 o awst .
mount rainier stands at 14,410 ft and attracts thousands of climbers each year .
daeth yn swyddog datblygu pêl - droed yn ôl ym môn ac yna aeth i reoli clwb pêl - droed porthmadog cyn iddo ymuno gyda thîm cymru .
to carry out the hacking scheme , seleznev hacked into point - of - sale systems in pizza restaurants and then installed malware that siphoned off copies of credit card numbers .
the ` ` low three - figure '' sum of money was taken from three purses which had been left unattended at the aberdeen sea cadets base at pocra quay .
police confirmed traffic had resumed on the road after 16:00 bst .
another line of evidence in favour of the live birth idea is that the small reptile inside the mother is clearly an example of the same species .
mr driver , said : ` ` so there you have it : a major administrative cock - up by tdc means that taxpayers have been forced to foot a # 5.1 million bill some , if not all , of which would have been covered by insurance payments had the claim been submitted in time .
` ` we work closely with uk anti - doping and fully adhere to the world anti - doping code .
` ` the obligation is on the state to make sure that every child in scotland is getting access to the food , the education , the healthcare , everything that they need .
in the world 's poorest countries , it will allow other companies to make generics or cheaper copies of its medicine .
the photo of ms badu with several words in arabic and hebrew written on her body features prominently on her official fan site .
the school said classes for year 11 pupils would be held as normal over the two days of industrial action .
the 2017 uefa champions league final ambassador said it was important to have facilities in the inner city to give young people the ` ` best chance possible '' .
he had been walking in a quiet street in the north paris suburb of aubervilliers .
the european court of human rights is an international court set up in 1959 and rules on individual or state applications alleging violations of the civil and political rights set out in the european convention on human rights .
in september 2006 the gspc said it had joined forces with al - qaeda , and in january 2007 it announced that it had changed its name to al - qaeda in the islamic maghreb to reflect its new allegiance .
pitch perfect 2 cost a modest $ 29 m to produce , while mad max : fury road carries a significant $ 150 m price tag .
mr jammeh , 51 , is seeking re - election for a fifth term in office .
the final version will form the foundation of labour 's pitch to voters on the 8 june general election .
ms walker 's daughter , rebecca , 22 , said the couple were on a ` ` big adventure '' that had been planned for some time .
` ` carlos will have a chance to play .
but the one direction tweet from 2011 in which louis said harry was ` ` always in my heart '' is now more popular , having been retweeted more than 780,000 times .
a prosecution lawyer told the court that hughes met the girl on a social networking site , while pretending to be a 14-year - old called matt smith .
the air ambulance was called but the biker died at the scene .
well he is using # 19bn of it to cover the # 4.4 bn annual cost of not slashing tax credits , and making about # 8bn a year less than expected in departmental savings .
what is unusual is the amount of stars that were discovered from one single teen drama on a digital channel .
the 36-page report was compiled by the iom , supkem and the kenya 's interior ministry .
this is not the first time that ukraine 's postal service has been targeted this year - in june , ukrposhta was hit by the notpetya ransomware attacks , as part of a wider national attack on ukrainian banks , the state power provider , television stations and public transport services .
the data , compiled by bloomberg new energy finance , ranked the uk as seventh in the world , with $ 9.4 bn of investment in 2011 .
former munster and ireland a lock ian nagle will also play for cambridge as they look to end a run of five successive oxford victories .
midfielder windass , playing in an advanced role , scored 17 goals for accrington in season 2015/16 before moving to rangers in the summer of 2016 .
` ` i wanted to have a look at dom over the first few weeks of pre - season , but he expressed a desire to move on from the club , '' manager stephen robinson told the ` well website .
` ` lots of companies and employers are seeing opportunities for local graduates staying in northern ireland , '' he says .
carter , 36 , told bbc sport : ` ` i have such a handicap living with this crohn 's disease .
john goulandris said money had been wasted paying the firm park - and - ride -lrb- prl -rrb- for years after the council was obliged to do so .
in a statement , the labour leader said : ` ` it is a matter of serious concern that the chief of the defence staff has today intervened directly in issues of political dispute .
` ` i anticipate there 'll be some interest in the window , not just at the end of the season , '' added smurthwaite .
` ` we are n't opposed to all - night services but we want them introduced in a fair and sensible way which rewards staff for their hard work . ''
based on data from 2015 , the two firms together have an annual production of about 60 million tonnes a year , which would make it the country 's largest steelmaker .
the significance of this was not lost on the conservatives .
and , meanwhile , the number of nursing posts lying vacant doubled between 2013 and 2016 , from 20,000 to 40,000 , according to figures from the royal college of nursing .
four police were wounded as they tried to arrest a man in the bavarian town of georgensgmuend , south of nuremberg .
explaining why spending had in fact reduced by # 2.5 bn in real terms , it said :
and he is a very wealthy user of lear jets and private yachts .
his father has dwarfism , an alcohol problem and had been convicted of having unlawful sex with a 16-year - old girl when he was 21 .
belgium international benteke scored 49 goals in 101 games for villa after signing from genk for # 7 m in 2012 .
bbc director of television , danny cohen , announced in february that ` ` we 're not going to have any more panel shows with no women on them '' .
konrad , 38 , swam the equivalent of 290 lengths of an olympic - size swimming pool after his 36-foot boat , which was on auto pilot , drifted away from him off the south florida coast .
he later tweeted : ` ` just heard that a place of care has been found for our 16yr old .
the ipcc says it is liaising closely with the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse and operation hydrant , the police team co - ordinating child abuse investigations .
michail antonio -lrb- nottingham forest -rrb- header from the centre of the box misses to the right .
the claimants feared that disabled people could be forced out of independent living arrangements and into residential care , or trapped at home by the fund 's closure .
crimestoppers said the reward would be paid for information which leads to an arrest and conviction .
capped eight times by ireland , clarke was a part of the ulster team which won the 1999 heineken cup .
south africa is the continent 's major media player , and its broadcasters and press reflect the diversity of its people .
sending a large russian flotilla through the north sea and the english channel sends a clear message to the west : anything you can do , we can do just as well - or even better .
this is said to be the reason for the dieback of seagrass , which has also been declining worldwide .
first presented in 1989 , the tric awards are voted for by members of the tv and radio industries .
the vessel , which is meant to be more resistant to heavy seas , has been out of service for repairs since the crash on 28 march .
the new england patriots quarterback tom brady was named the most valuable player of sunday 's super bowl , with the 37-year - old throwing four touchdown passes , including two in the fourth quarter .
` ` aircraft inspection is a great application for drones , '' said dr arthur richards , head of aerial robotics at the bristol robotics laboratory .
mosul is the last major base of is in iraq , and the operation to drive the militant group from the city started in october .
manor 's operating company just racing services has been in administration since 6 january , and frp advisory has been unable to find a buyer .
in november 1991 megrahi , and a fellow libyan , al amin khalifa fhimah , were indicted by the scottish lord advocate and the us attorney general for the bombing of flight 103 .
the deal to take him to colchester , ninth in league two , would include the play - offs should they reach them .
its report found 42 % of larger firms had been the victim of a cyber attack , compared with 18 % of smaller ones .
glamorgan chief executive hugh morris said : ` ` ben has been a true professional and will be missed both in the dressing room and with his skills on the field . ''
ms sturgeon attacked both the tories and labour as she continued election campaigning .
seals have been breeding on the site since about 2001 , when just 25 were recorded .
the idea to redecorate the darth vader costume began when he attended an overseas star wars convention .
mr waters warned against the committee becoming a ` ` circus '' .
the white house statement said that the main role of the 275 military personnel will be to help embassy staff to relocate to us consulates in basra and irbil .
roger hayes , 75 , from holsworthy , devon and son andy , 39 , from birmingham , died when their twin - seat plane crashed at pierre - buffiere on 29 june , 2012 .
speaking about mr hamilton on lbc radio on friday , mr farage said : ` ` i think it is difficult to return to frontline politics after a 20-year gap when you are getting on a bit in years .
` ` i ' m excited about returning to wasps next season .
nibali , winner in 2010 , had lost 88 seconds after being involved in the crash with around 30 km of the stage remaining .
he loved the bright and colourful - particularly pink , the colour he painted his house .
newcastle 's comeback was the second time in the past four games that bristol city have dropped points from a healthy winning position , having drawn 3 - 3 with derby on 11 february after taking a three - goal lead .
mr earnest did say the obamas ' paid for the party on ` ` their own dime '' , but would not say how much the party cost .
it says the cocktail of threats facing the ocean is more powerful than the individual problems themselves .
the dogs ' owner mrs taylor lived in dolgarrog .
he suffered a suspected cardiac arrest while running the course and later died in hospital .
the premier league got under way this weekend , with many teams showing off their new signings , but who impressed and who had a debut to forget ?
they beat wales and australia to finish second to england in group b and can not be caught in the overall standings .
` ` the british cycling model was n't based around motivation through fear or performance through fear , '' he said .
the motion pictures practitioners association of nigeria banned the actress from kannywood films , saying that her appearance in the video violated the industry 's code of ethics .
` ` in the meantime the public are advised to keep children and dogs at a safe distance from the bottles should any more be washed up .
critics have said the focus on work will penalise parents who stay at home to look after their children , or are unable to work because they act as full - time ` ` carers '' for other adults .
i ' m not suggesting he takes a break from being leader .
many social media users have thanked the author for giving them an ` ` unseen glimpse '' into the president 's house , while others have been offering their own insights - and even criticisms - of the residence .
mr pistorius said he went back to the bedroom after shooting at the toilet door , still shouting for reeva .
after previous transfers of power , some officials have had to be forcibly evicted and had their state - owned vehicles seized after failing to hand them back .
but if you 'd have offered us seven points from our last three games , we 'd have taken that . ''
a bill is being considered to bolster animal protection by barring any use of wild animals in travelling shows .
according to the study , guatemala is the country with the widest disparity , and venezuela the most equitable one .
mr ege is from the riverside area of cardiff , but he also has connections with people in surrounding areas .
khalid sheikh mohammed is accused of masterminding the attacks while the others are implicated for providing support for the co - ordinated hijacking .
her family have criticised the police response after they reported ms ahmed missing from her home in the wembley area of london in august 2015 .
` ` both clubs have got a huge history in french rugby and stade francais have won the title many times , they have a massive tradition just like racing . ''
it was a disappointing result but it has not changed much about the ukraine game from a northern ireland point of view .
medical doctor pollock was returning to cardiff where he ran a superb 62:46 to finish 14th at the world half marathon championship .
` ` an hmp elmley prisoner was found unresponsive in his cell , at about 17:20 gmt , '' a spokeswoman said .
northern ireland 's abortion law differs from the rest of the uk and access to termination is more restricted .
stenson and rose played together twice on friday at hazeltine , and their defeat in the opening foursomes match to reed and spieth was their first as a ryder cup pairing .
amnesty uk director kate allen said : ` ` until now , the uk government 's response has been shameful but finally they have been woken up to the need to act .
the majority snp government passed the offensive behaviour at football act in 2012 as part of attempts to crack down on sectarianism and other anti - social behaviour at football matches .
the party has urged anyone with information relating to events surrounding the death of mr johnson , or the activities of mr clarke , to get in touch with it ` ` as soon as possible '' .
the recession and financial crisis had hit general motors , chrysler and ford particularly hard .
police received calls from members of the public who were both concerned for the sheep and seeking to reunite the animals with their owner .
but uber said that the proposals would raise prices and add to congestion in london .
the renaming decision underlined the company 's apparent ambition to go beyond the ephemeral messaging app , a product which is highly popular with young people .
at prime minister 's questions , conservative mp for north west leicestershire andrew bridgen asked the prime minister about concerns that labour was running a negative campaign over the future of kettering hospital .
quoting reliable sources , de tijd newspaper said earlier that files on the computer contained details and photos of the prime minister 's building and office at 16 rue de la loi -lrb- wetstraat in dutch -rrb- as well as details of his official residence in lambermont street .
apart from meeting the prime minister , psa will also see germany 's angela merkel .
dad 's going to kill himself .
a search of a site in chapelizod in dublin started early on saturday morning , irish national broadcaster , rtÉ reports .
the work was delayed to allow a review of the project by the council and the main contractor , osborne .
it was told ziamani had been arrested in june last year on an unrelated matter and police found a ripped - up letter to his parents in his jeans pocket , in which he had written about mounting an attack on a british soldier .
south african police had said they wanted to interview mrs mugabe and had set up a ` ` red alert '' at the borders to try to ensure she did not leave the country .
` ` it would sell out anywhere but the dream would be edinburgh castle , '' added taylor .
celebrating christmas was discouraged , and as a result celebrations around the new year became more popular in scotland .
the invergordon lifeboat was launched and local coastguards teams deployed at about 14:30 .
the gold was hidden in a dry stone wall near a flag , given to the gardens as an environmental award .
512 hours runs at the serpentine gallery in london until 25 august .
on the other allegation she said : ` ` a 56-year - old man has been reported to the procurator fiscal in connection with non - recent alleged sexual abuse of a 15-year - old girl . ''
photographer roberto pedraza ruiz said he then made several more trips to the forest ` ` documenting the flowers and fruits of the trees until finally receiving confirmation that i had photographed not only one but two completely new species of magnolias '' .
` ` our entry has created a real sense of community cohesion , which ultimately is what the curry capital of britain competition is all about . ''
british , irish and commonwealth citizens resident in the uk and many british citizens living abroad are entitled to vote in the referendum .
the ministry of justice said that as it was a privatised prison , it was up to sodexo to comment .
garry thompson -lrb- morecambe -rrb- right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the top left corner .
while mr obama and his supporters in the democratic party portray the law as a historic effort to extend healthcare coverage to the millions of americans who lack it , the law 's opponents say it amounts to an unprecedented intrusion into americans ' private lives .
` ` after five enjoyable years in england , i am delighted to return to my home province leinster , '' said morris , who extended his deal with tigers in 2012 .
` ` but the majority of dundee fans will be from dundee .
it took the world war two prime minister 's coffin from london to oxfordshire in 1965 .
` ` with his contract up at the end of the season , o'shea clearly feels ready for a new challenge , and has had discussions about replacing jacques brunel as italy 's head coach .
the decoding of the human genome 15 years ago led to the hope that doctors would eventually identify faulty genes responsible for specific diseases and eventually develop medicines to treat them .
the government has proposed holding a public vote on same - sex marriage in february 2017 .
he said he was to blame for the team 's season , in which they narrowly avoided premier league relegation on sunday .
a taxi sign , however , was also stolen from one of the vehicles parked at the centre .
headquarters of the french military in the indian ocean are established .
a 59-year - old man has been arrested and bailed in connection with the incident .
mohammed anwar , from thornliebank , was trapped underneath the forklift when it appeared to hit a kerb , causing it to crash .
imani wiltshire was discovered on the lower deck of the bus in stratford , east london , on 28 september .
det ch insp alwyn bell said : ` ` this has been a horrific attack on a young woman and she is understandably extremely distressed at this time .
a spokesman for the airport said the sentence would send ` ` a strong message '' about making bomb threats .
eoin morgan of england , steve smith of australia and kane williamson of new zealand are three great cricketers and captains who will be watching the final from the sidelines , perhaps pondering the often tiny margins between victory and defeat in these tournaments .
but there will come a point where that option is denied to him , and mr borschberg and his support team have had to prepare for the possibility of ditching in the pacific if something goes seriously wrong .
he said people in the town looked to sheffield , so would be better off in the new sheffield city region .
he was also jailed for 28 months at ayr sheriff court in november 2011 and placed under supervision for two years after he persuaded two teenage girls to expose themselves on a webcam .
the fire at regent superbowl and indoor market in great yarmouth town centre started in the early hours .
as the number two seed , we ' ve known all week that i would play my opening match at wimbledon on tuesday , and that gives us consistency in terms of the schedule , as i know i 'll play every two days .
the victim was a 43-year - old man but no further details have yet been released .
bbc pundit alan shearer explains why arsenal 's defensive display played as big a part as their attacking power in securing their one - sided fa cup final win over aston villa .
the first land rover was introduced in 1948 and its basic design has changed little over the past six decades .
it is understood customers enquiring about trips they have booked have been told the company has taken this action in order to protect the business as it seeks a new owner .
a young man who was a passenger in the car got out and chased him with a hammer into a nearby park .
most of the 152 people killed in the crash were french citizens visiting relatives in the comoros .
services from aberystwyth to birmingham and milford haven to manchester via cardiff , are among routes which could be affected .
the creations will mark the 209th anniversary of the battle during the napoleonic wars .
in a 2010 interview to the bbc 's newsnight programme mr bahri warned that young people in his native yemen were susceptible to the lure of extremism .
the latest to withdraw their support are former republican presidential candidate john mccain and former secretary of state condoleezza rice .
but they could also tease out a second signal stemming from the way water rises and falls as a result of the tilting of the land .
however , they do n't have a logo or any other identifying ` ` glastonbury '' mark , so you 'd have to be happy in the knowledge that only you and fellow - revellers know the significance of the beaker .
the court had also heard that mrs maguire , the owner of a restaurant from lisnarick , was being driven home by her husband and son after attending her brother - in - law 's funeral in belfast .
the growth in chinese coal consumption slowed to ` ` unusually weak '' levels , due to the slowing pace of industrialisation in the country .
lee novak -lrb- charlton athletic -rrb- right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is saved in the top right corner .
` ` there 's no evidence to suggest that it 's the tip of the iceberg . ''
mid table , a late surge gave lovat a 3 - 1 success at kingussie but without a change in league placing for either side .
harris - wright , 28 , who had a season at bristol in 2011 - 12 , won a european champions cup medal at leinster .
the judge told the court that cann , a bell - ringer at his local church , had bribed his victims ` ` with fifa game currency '' , which players can use to buy in - game features and build their teams of footballers .
elsewhere , sebastian vettel was the first man out of the pit lane as he began work for his new team , ferrari .
uk gdp is used internationally by the various financial bodies such as oecd , imf , and the world bank to compare the performance of different economies .
the madness star , who was born in hastings as graham mcpherson , said : ` ` going on the pier was always a really happy time ... it 's a privilege to be involved .
spanish grand prix coverage details .
tuilagi , 23 , is still recovering from the injury he suffered in october .
mr khama said that the pastor had been put on a visa watch list after he was banned from travelling to south africa , but the order had not been communicated to all officials manning the country 's borders .
he told the crowd : ` ` i thought search and rescue duties over snowdonia were physically and mentally demanding but looking after a three - week old baby is right up there .
the 14m - long mammal was spotted with a companion during his venture north but now appears to be travelling solo .
after patrons left the pub , a general melee broke out which ended with the fatal blow to mr logie .
but kim then birdied the par - four 18th in the play - off to seal her second lpga title this season - after march 's jtbc founders cup - and her fifth overall .
` ` as a scientist , i know that this is unprecedented in at least as much as 1,500 years .
the children 's charity unicef has appealed to the uk government to speed up the transfer of unaccompanied child refugees in calais .
crisaborole can achieve $ 2bn -lrb- # 1.4 bn -rrb- in annual sales if approved by the us food and drug administration , according to pfizer .
the escalation has threatened to derail the un - brokered peace talks , which resumed last month .
welsh secretary david jones said uk ministers were ` ` grateful to the supreme court for providing clarity on this issue '' and they would ` ` study the judgment in detail and consider its implications '' .
portland captain ridgewell , 31 , who played in the premier league for aston villa , birmingham city and west bromwich albion , is in his second season with the club .
` ` we needed the players to turn up and not enough of them did .
in the morning session , robson 's highest first - class score surpassed his previous best , an unbeaten 215 , also against warwickshire , at edgbaston in 2013 .
in her message dictated to her friend , stephanie said : ` ` tell everyone thank you for all their support and well wishes , i am going to be up and about before you know it and come and see everyone and ca n't wait to get home and have a nando 's .
ahead of the sale , united auctions ' donald morrison said it ` ` looked promising '' for good prices for crofters and farmers selling sheep .
in february this year , a nasa astronaut photographed the aurora borealis over scotland from the international space station .
the government has supported a ` ` five point plan '' to reopen the airport , including compulsory purchase of the site .
the trial heard the attack was the result of a turf war which had erupted between two rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade in rhyl .
there is long - standing tension between rakhine people , who are buddhist and make up the majority of the state 's population , and muslims .
at the time , nac executive director bob bennett told bbc sport he had never seen a move to 8 oz gloves at 154lbs before .
plans for a tunnel were initially shelved in 2007 when the government said the estimated cost of Â # 510 m was too expensive .
she added : ` ` this is an important study which provides reassurance that military service in the last 50 years does not increase people 's risk of suicide overall , but it draws our attention to those people whose increased risk may be overlooked , such as older veterans and women veterans .
andrew selby made a dazzling start to his professional career , beating tanzanian haji juma in newport on october , 2015 .
what forensic evidence is left behind ?
cornwall council leader john pollard said he wanted ` ` investment equal to that provided by the eu programme '' .
and officers must be ` ` fully accountable '' for the searches they carry out , with all stop and searches accurately recorded , and open to scrutiny .
mr sisi has faced heavy criticism over his executive decision to give away the red sea islands , during a visit by saudi arabia 's king salman .
the met police said earlier this month that detectives were investigating three alleged murders as part of their investigation into historical child abuse .
in the evening , mr mitchell accompanied his mother and mr dickie to the holiday park bar and got ` ` tanked up '' on alcohol .
as far as being a path - breaking female ship captain goes , radhika menon does n't appear to make a big deal of it .
demarai gray -lrb- leicester city -rrb- left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked .
the 21-year - old moved to the reds in 2014 after being let go by watford , where he had progressed through the youth system .
ollie has had liley since he was about 11 months old and is so treasured that a back - up had already been bought , in case he ever got lost .
jackson made headlines across canada and the u.s .   after the toronto public library shared the note he had tucked into the pages of a comic book he had damaged .
the woman , named in floral tributes as kelly , was arrested on suspicion of assault in darwen on saturday and taken to greenbank police station .
... with atticus the polecat becoming a poll - cat for the day .
` ` we go to finals day full of confidence and hopefully pick up some silverware . ''
despite repeated requests to him to come down , the fire service and police were called in .
abdallah el said -lrb- egypt -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal .
` ` i look forward to discussing these issues and more when we meet in washington . ''
president francois hollande toured the site on friday - a copy of the closely - guarded grotte chauvet in the ardeche region of southern france .
is killed and enslaved thousands of yazidis after seizing the northern town of sinjar in 2014 .
and a further 900 armed officers are planned to be in operation for the rest of england and wales .
the 30-year - old cardiff organisation has relied on welsh government funding for 40 % of its income .
city boss guardiola released three full - backs at the end of last season , including both right - sided players - pablo zabaleta and bacary sagna .
local mp ian lucas said people were concerned about the impact it could have if the prison on wrexham industrial estate assumes a local name .
travis has taken over the club in a personal capacity , with dunkin ' brands , the parent company of dunkin ' donuts and baskin robbins , not involved in the deal .
the pages from a 13th century text of the holy book of islam were purchased by the council in 1951 .
millwall 's success against bradford means that , across this season 's football league play - offs , all five teams who won the first leg of their semi - final went on to reach wembley .
his wife mellissa had presented his appeal to the high court in melbourne .
the november 2017 and summer 2017 exams will reflect these new qualifications and the results will no longer be comparable with their equivalents in england , says the welsh government .
buick , 29 , suffered a compression of his t12 vertebrae and he will be assessed again in six weeks .
city were leading 2 - 1 when sterling went through on goal , but an apparent push by spurs defender kyle walker was not spotted by referee andre marriner .
snp leader and scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said she was ` ` gravely concerned '' by the developments .
the syrian opposition has long claimed the iranian - backed shia movement has been supplying fighters to help mr assad , a key hezbollah backer .
along with three other woman - lesley stephen , alison tait and anne maclean - chang - she has been calling for it to be made available automatically on the nhs .
grimes made his only premier league start to date in september , having scored his first swansea goal in the league cup a month earlier .
elsewhere , a fedex plane caught fire at fort lauderdale , florida , airport after its landing gear collapsed on landing , the faa said .
ding , ranked fifth in the world , rallied to take the 10th frame and won a tense decider with a break of 74 .
the kepler telescope has made some amazing discoveries since it was launched in 2009 , but here are the top five findings ...
it says hundreds of turtles have been found dead near the reef over the last four years , and it hopes the project may help find out why .
asked by andrew marr if that meant mr cameron would have to ` ` stand down at some point during the next parliament '' , mr duncan smith replied : ` ` he does . ''
` ` it 's great news that tommy and tim want to stay and continue their careers in glasgow , '' said townsend .
` ` we are going to see a bigger royal navy and the flagship ... will be here in portsmouth , '' michael fallon said .
even robin hood 's arch enemy , the sheriff of nottingham , has wished the couple well on their big day .
the board is also recommending three other options be put forward for public consultation .
` ` we 're a little bit short at the moment - we need to improve the squad this week if we can , '' he told bbc wm .
if somebody earning more than # 50,000 or their partner keeps claiming child benefit , then the higher earner will have to admit this in a self - assessment tax form .
two other monet paintings were also offered in the sale , la seine a argenteuil which sold for # 8.5 m and antibes , vue du plateau notre - dame , which sold for # 7.9 m.
mr polin sent an email to north wales force employees responding to a uk government statement that by 2020 the home office would have only half of the funds it had in 2010 .
here is the story of the excavation , told in photographs :
for salford , the defeat comes just weeks after they were also beaten in the challenge cup semi - finals by wigan .
please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week .
the hosts almost snatched a winner in the 81st minute , forcing blackman to produce a fingertip save to deny cullen from 12 yards before the on - loan chelsea youngster pushed jim mcalister 's 25-yard strike wide .
an inspection in 2011 also found the use of force in some incidents at the jail was ` ` unjustified '' .
majerus , who came fifth , had pipped vos to victory on the opening leg of the five - stage race on wednesday .
although this year was a glaring exception , second - place finishers usually become the ` ` next in line '' for the republican nomination .
` ` all allegations of misconduct between kids company employees and clients are immediately reported to the police if required . ''
two lanes closed on the northbound carriageway of the m6 at junction 3a near coleshill after a separate traffic collision at 12:30 reopened by 13:00 , said highways england .
he aborted two attacks causing mr riley to punch him and put a knife in his mouth , mr harrison said .
turkey 's state - run anadolu agency said turkish forces shot at kurdish fighters inside syria on sunday after coming under fire themselves .
however , on thursday , ms gao confessed to the crime and expressed regret for her actions , and the appeals court reduced her sentence to five years and decided ms gao could ` ` temporarily serve the sentence out of prison '' as she was ` ` severely ill '' , chinese state media said .
harlequins winger marland yarde is in line to start instead of exeter 's jack nowell , with england to confirm their team at 10:00 bst on thursday .
` ` effective immediately , delta will officially ban shipment of all lion , leopard , elephant , rhinoceros and buffalo trophies worldwide as freight , '' the company said in a brief statement .
his team defeated the kiwis 20 - 14 to clinch the series 2 - 1 in the last game before his current deal expired .
on monday , the force confirmed a body has been found but has not yet been formally identified .
the early second goal helped , but the players worked hard to get it .
analysts say the charge against him is a further blow for president rousseff who is facing impeachment proceedings .
home secretary theresa may and french interior minister bernard cazeneuve will tour the eurotunnel site and meet aid associations helping migrants .
cpcc said a reason for the rise was that a new authority was being created .
at least five tourists were hurt in the national park last year after getting too close to animals , leading the park to put out a warning on human safety grounds .
a witness said the attackers had sped off in a vehicle and on a motorbike and that one had shouted ` ` allahu akbar '' .
conceded by daniel o'shaughnessy .
` ` it 's my last road world championships and i ' ve finished with a gold medal . ''
this was a decision that everyone has been expecting .
` ` we ' ve got brexit now and i think that , possibly , it may be best to leave that role unfilled , '' ms jones told the good morning wales programme .
wasps director of rugby dai young also said his club have made no move for the england centre , but saracens , bristol and toulouse are also thought to be interested .
they we d in a typical sikh ceremony in december 1925 and have just celebrated their 86th year together as a married couple , which they think may qualify them as the uk 's longest married husband and wife .
the temperature in amatrice , lazio , where 236 people were killed by the earthquake on 24 august , and arquata del tronto , marche , where 46 died , is set to fall as low as -6 c on tuesday night , with more snow forecast .
officers are searching in weston park east in bath , where the first foot was found by dog walkers in february .
the government said it has now turned back 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach australia by boat .
the attacker had brought the chainsaw and the axe to the shopping centre in a guitar case .
one member of the cabinet pointed to the problem : ` ` they do n't believe us '' .
un cwmni wnaeth orfod rhoi ' r gorau i ddarparu gofal i gyngor conwy oedd cymorth llaw .
haddad was a dominant force last season , playing the role of a power forward as devils won the elite league .
google embarked on a restructuring drive late last year and created a new parent company - alphabet .
families separated from loved ones by the ban share their stories .
he said : ` ` it was just a horrible and frightening experience .
the royal academy show , which opens next year , looks at the role of gardens in the paintings of monet and his contemporaries .
senior coroner dr robert hunter concluded that mr dale was unlawfully killed while providing international humanitarian assistance .
brought on shortly after wales fell 2 - 0 behind , the burnley striker failed to connect meaningfully with any of the crosses which came his way .
the survey indicates that only 11 % of of the chamber 's members in northern ireland support a british exit -lrb- brexit -rrb- .
but her promotion to become ukraine 's youngest ever deputy minster unleashed a torrent of criticism .
` ` victor noble rainbird 's paintings are a fascinating legacy of life in the north east before and after the great war , while his own remarkable war record is only now being unravelled . ''
violence erupted on the outskirts of jerusalem 's old city and across the occupied west bank after the end of muslim friday prayers .
sir philip green is one of the uk 's most successful retailers .
video produced by bbc rewind
by the time the afternoon session of the republican jewish coalition presidential forum was wrapping up , most of the participating candidates were all but certain as to the exact nature of the violence in san bernardino .
she has written a book , the runaway schoolgirl , about the events since the pair crossed the channel to france in september 2012 .
this is the most marginal seat in the uk .
ms dugdale will tell her conference that a vote for her party would offer a break from tory austerity .
the number of people in work increased by 69,000 in the three months to june , up to 29.78 million .
none of the pakistan bowlers were able to break the guptill - williamson partnership - with mohammad amir , playing only his second international game since returning from a five - year ban for spot - fixing , one of their most expensive bowlers .
more on this and other north yorkshire stories
a pr firm had already issued a press release on behalf of xupo welcoming the investment .
the farc said they kidnapped the general because they were unhappy that president juan manuel santos had continued military operations against them during peace talks .
the committee had considered plans - backed by deputy leader tom watson - to reinstate elections to the shadow cabinet .
the 36-year - old west brom player became the second - oldest goalscorer at a european championship by putting northern ireland ahead with a 49th - minute header , before substitute mcginn added the second in injury time .
the pidg said it had revised its travel policy , which had seen board members claiming for more expensive flexible business class tickets .
plaid cymru is backing the blue route ` ` or a variation of it '' to improve the m4 .
his lawyer said mr robinson was currently in jail in the west turkey town of aydin and his client was accused of ` ` being a member of a terrorist organisation '' .
judge thokozile masipa ruled in december that prosecutors could appeal against the acquittal .
the harrogate autumn flower show will use specialist technology to ensure the winning fruit is of the gigantomo variety .
four taliban gunmen were killed in the gunfight after an argument on the outskirts of quetta , a source said .
the motorcade , belonging to a saudi prince , was ambushed by eight people in two separate vehicles who pointed their guns at the driver of the mercedes , forcing him to stop , french media reported .
hampshire all - rounder sean ervine told bbc radio solent :
david davies , pro - brexit conservative mp for monmouth , has said he will work with the welsh government to ensure wales gets its fair share of the money saved by leaving the eu .
many residents fled the city as clashes erupted , but a local official said about 2,000 people were unable to leave areas held by the militants .
` ` although a simple idea , child rescue alert is a potentially life - saving system , the success of which is reliant on us , as members of the public , to sign up to receive free alerts when a child goes missing .
fa guidelines indicate cisse could receive an additional one - match ban .
the lib dems are all for 16 and 17-year - olds voting and promised it in their 2010 manifesto .
ali , her 18-month - old son , died during the attack while her husband , saad , succumbed to his injuries a week later .
their appearance means they are being dubbed ` ` goosebumps '' , which is a bit of fun given the comet 's duck - like shape .
the upcoming fa cup campaign will be the fourth which guernsey have taken part in , having first been introduced in 2013 .
but uefa does not have the power to block the deal .
at the height of his fame , he fronted the keith harris show on bbc one and gave private performances at birthday parties for prince william and his brother harry , at the request of diana , princess of wales .
paul brian murray was born in stoke - on - trent on 12 april , 1975 .
the british horseracing authority has indicated it is open to reviewing the entry system ahead of next year 's national .
` ` she is running round now like any six year old , '' she added .
tennis legend martina navratilova said moore 's comments were ` ` extremely prejudiced '' , adding female players may boycott indian wells if moore stayed .
last week , march organiser anto wickham said the aim of the event was to protect soldiers serving in iraq and afghanistan facing ` ` false prosecutions '' .
he said a cracked black pepper and strawberry sausage produced to mark wimbledon was a great success .
` ` i want a labour prime minister - and that means jeremy corbyn being prime minister , '' he said .
the scale of the dark web - with its drug deals , weapons sales and child abuse imagery - is insignificant when considered in the bigger picture , he argues .
rail chiefs made a ` ` full and comprehensive offer '' to the rmt on 3 october in an attempt to settle the impasse over the proposed operation of driver - only trains on the network .
dr marion lyons , director of health protection for public health wales -lrb- phw -rrb- , said : ` ` we continue to be concerned at the number of cases of measles we are seeing in the swansea and neath port talbot areas .
harlequins have not disclosed the length of jackson 's deal at the stoop .
mr trump is also expected to outline a more aggressive us counter - terrorism policy for afghanistan and pakistan .
on thursday morning , the daily mail devoted an entire page to an editorial taking umbrage , to put it mildly , with a guardian cartoon suggesting the attacker at finsbury park mosque may have been indoctrinated by reading that paper and the sun .
` ` paris st - germain has become a star club in the world and i played a key role moving it forward .
in response to the recent scenes of thousands of migrants trying to get to the uk after crossing from north africa and travelling through europe , the deputy mayor of calais , philippe mignonet has said the uk should introduce i d cards -lrb- and employment controls -rrb- .
health officials said the review was expected to recommend the lcp should be phased out within six to 12 months .
they show balachandran prabhakaran , son of rebel leader velupillai prabhakaran , eating chocolate on a bench .
experts say they managed to assemble seven potential designs of how the flooring could have looked like .
but bastos was sent off for lazio and nalini scored a second as crotone celebrated one of the most famous days in their history .
dorset police said when the driver was stopped he said : ` ` i was trying to find that new sam smith song on you tube because i did n't have it on my phone . ''
the winning soul singer , whose real name is rita ekwere , beat blues singer rag n bone man to top the sound of 2017 list , while third place went to pop star - in - waiting raye .
his mother lucy alexander has set up the felix project , launched at pershore high school on monday .
rankin is expected to return for the five odis against afghanistan , starting on 15 march .
the libyan coast - guard had worked overnight on thursday , searching for survivors from the two boats .
a northamptonshire police spokesman said traffic was being turned around in an attempt to get it off the motorway .
this meant that factories operated for fewer days in february this year than in 2012 .
also , the peatbog faeries and dougie maclean .
shares of hewlett packard inc fell 4 % while services focussed hewlett packard enterprises rose 2.3 % .
however , just how welsh he would have been is a ` ` moot point '' , dr ap huw added .
in a new bbc wales poll , 79 % of those surveyed said they would increase charges for visitors from outside the uk for using the health service .
show bosses said two vans - a peugeot and a ford - were broken into on wednesday morning and tools taken .
have you got a question about the west midlands ?
i feel like it 's the right time in my career now , '' carayol explained .
it was originally hoped the appeal would raise # 2,000 .
and party leader paul nuttall said the businessman - who has suggested he should be made party chairman to shake up the party 's policymaking and campaigning - was causing ` ` negative and damaging publicity '' .
the actress said she had no plans to step away from the stage or the camera , calling retirement ` ` the rudest word in my dictionary '' .
his previous feats include canoeing along the mississippi and swimming the length of the river severn .
david haines , who grew up in perth , was abducted while working as an aid worker in syria , and held hostage for 18 months before a video of his murder was posted online .
hand ball by christian pulisic -lrb- borussia dortmund -rrb- .
others have been killed in clashes with israeli forces .
relive stoke 's win over aston villa here .
the three - bedroom house had been given a guide price of between # 150,000 and # 250,000 .
the characters have been revived for their first feature film in 35 years , by the creator charles schulz 's son and grandson .
the test flight was the first launch from new zealand and is a major first step in an emerging market : launching cheap disposable rockets to carry small satellites and other payloads .
guardiola is replacing city boss manuel pellegrini in the summer .
royal mail wants members of the scheme to change to a defined contribution plan - in which the company and staff contribute to a pension pot with no guarantee of how much the eventual payment will be .
in one of the most telling interventions of the election campaign , david cameron suggested that the prime minister needed a large majority to prevent -lrb- rather than deliver -rrb- an ` ` extreme brexit '' .
this year 's bestival theme is summer of love .
mr opperman was heckled by mps as he outlined the details .
after the trophy holders were put into bat by their neighbours , dent played exceptionally well whilst his teammates fell around him , reaching three figures off 107 balls before being caught at cover off groenewald .
in a statement , un secretary general ban ki - moon said the treaty ` ` marks the opening of a new chapter in our collective efforts to bring responsibility , accountability and transparency to the global arms trade '' .
in any similar cases in future where frozen meat has a use by date , trading standards officers will be able to prosecute regardless of whether the meat poses a safety risk .
barry ferguson 's clyde edged out montrose 2 - 1 , and elgin city were 1 - 0 winners away to cowdenbeath .
chinese markets followed global markets lower with shanghai composite index down 1 % to 3,549.51 , while hong kong 's hang seng index lost 1.2 % to 22,158.57 .
a secondary and grammar school that responded to a six - week consultation on the restrictions supported the restrictions .
eurozone leaders have said that so far , a blueprint for a greek debt deal has been agreed , with european countries ' parliamentary approval processes beginning from wednesday .
he has only played twice all season , having also missed the start of the season with a back problem .
his officials have already written to boiler owners giving them until next tuesday to agree to the publication of their names .
old trafford was understandably exultant at the conclusion of such a carnival performance but wenger now faces defining days of his arsenal reign before the transfer window closes on wednesday .
ronaldo was the star as he moved level with barcelona 's luis suarez - on 19 goals - in the race to be la liga 's leading scorer .
` ` but , if we have any aspirations about getting into the play - offs , we need to win on saturday . ''
the news hilton botha is facing reinstated charges of attempted murder has stunned everyone .
fmrff has banned fans from the next five raja home matches and fined the club 100,000 dirhams -lrb- # 7,170 -rrb- .
as a result of the government 's revaluation , ministers say three quarters of businesses ' rates will either go down or stay the same - but ministers have faced calls for a rethink , with claims retailers in some areas could face rises of up to 400 % .
the upland schemes are designed to reduce the regularity of flooding , not remove risk completely .
the figures come from the student loans company and cover 2016/17 .
somewhere in the dark , dense forests a grey wolf is on the prowl .
gunmen alleged to be linked to the hutch family took revenge on the kinahans for the murder of a family member in spain the previous september .
etxabeguren spent five years with real sociedad and was included in their champions league squad for season 2013 - 14 .
` ` i will have a conversation with him .
northern ireland secretary of state , james brokenshire , said : ` ` i am sickened by this incident with dissident republican terrorists placing a bomb close to a primary school in north belfast .
he joins cameroon 's samuel eto'o at the club , after he signed for them in july .
wakefield have not appeared in a challenge cup final since 1979 , but head coach chris chester is one win away from a second final in as many seasons , having led hull kr to wembley in 2015 .
a spokesman said the issue had now been resolved but it could take several hours for water supplies to return to normal .
but a supreme court ruling on the cases could fully legalise gay marriage in the us .
will your choices see you matched to lennox lewis , do your picks make you a modern day rocky marciano , or perhaps you 'll come out as the greatest of all time - muhammad ali .
up until the end of march , nab had set aside # 806 m to compensate customers for the mis - selling of payment protection insurance -lrb- ppi -rrb- .
two blistering returns gave murray the decisive break at the start of the third and he wrapped up the 28th davis cup singles win of his career in style .
the former church of ireland primate archbishop robin eames also used the debate to express his disappointment that the ` ` fresh start '' deal did not include any agreement on the legacy of the troubles .
the family now scrapes a living by selling firewood and as rev mark tells the bbc 's chris ewokor , the 12 months since the abductions have felt like ` ` like 10 years '' .
friday is likely to be the busiest day of the year , with air traffic controllers expecting to handle more than 8,800 flights - a record number .
speaking about the wales bill on further devolution , the welsh conservative leader praised welsh secretary stephen crabb 's handling of the legislation , put on hold on monday after mps called for a re - think .
alloa athletic manager jim goodwin : ` ` we came here to be positive and to take the game to queen of the south .
the cuts are among 4,000 posts bp plans to shed from its global oil exploration and drilling business .
but in australia , for instance , they are allowing people to choose not to be considered legally male or female .
perry has written and will star in the play the end of longing ... which is set to run in london 's west end from 2 february until 14 may .
north wales police warned people to take extra care in the sea and to avoid taking risks .
the four largest areas to which more than # 2.3 m in donations had been distributed as follows :
more minor disruption on the route between the borders and edinburgh was cleared by about 16:00 .
the earthquake and tsunami of march 11 , 2011 were natural disasters of a magnitude that shocked the entire world .
hank cole , the nca 's head of international operations , said : ` ` spain is not a safe haven for british fugitives .
the lost boy and japanâ $ ™ s parenting debate
this saving rose to 31.3 % in july , with a cumulative saving for both months of 29.5 % , the state water resources control board reported on thursday .
a petition to the assembly wants it to be mandatory to scan microchips of all pets , dead or alive .
victory against sri lanka in delhi would secure england 's place in the world twenty20 semi - finals for just the second time since its inception in 2007 .
she knew about 100 inmates with major problems who were ` ` put on a list '' of prisoners with ` ` unmet needs '' .
the spiders ' david galt headed against the outside of the post before shire took the lead .
in a separate incident , moor road in coalisland , county tyrone , has been closed following a two - vehicle crash .
jenny asks expert , zoe wilcox , to reveal the secret to spotting a shakespeare script .
there has been a fall in intrusion attempts at eurotunnel 's terminal in calais after extra security measures were introduced in europe .
police said the black citroen c1 was stolen from the shearwater area .
previously its minimum target was 50 % .
cowdenbeath overcame montrose 2 - 0 , while stirling albion moved up to seventh with a 3 - 2 win at second - placed elgin city .
but the broadcaster has agreed a deal with simon cowell for both the x factor and britain 's got talent to continue on itv until at least 2019 .
the destruction of eight biomass boilers and 14 tonnes of woodchip in a fire at a county fermanagh construction firm is the other story making the front page of the irish news .
after its west end premiere , pride has its welsh release in swansea on thursday , and opens across the uk on 12 september .
japanese aircraft attacked the us naval base in hawaii at 07:55
both fees are undisclosed , but gayle 's move - which happened on the day newcastle 's england winger andros townsend went in the opposite direction in a separate deal - is reported to be worth # 10 m , while ritchie 's signing is believed to have cost around # 12 m .
he was allegedly spotted at the scene of the murder of elizabeth stride , believed to be the ripper 's third victim .
the bird 's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in bethesda while it was chasing a wood pigeon .
she said he had also been forced to pull his english votes for english laws plans , showing that he was ` ` not master of all he surveys in the house of commons '' .
` ` i did say to him , as i ' ve said publicly , that because of the nature of the campaign and the bitterness and ferocity of the campaigns , it 's really important to try to send some signals of unity , and to reach out to minority groups or women or others that were concerned about the tenor of the campaign . ''
told of 5 live 's findings , another drug testing firm said in its experience 10 % of drivers testing positive for illegal drugs in the transport industry was ` ` not outrageous or surprising '' .
the ` ` twisted light '' approach relies on what is called light 's orbital angular momentum , which has been put forth as an unexploited means to carry data .
the man has been released on bail until early december .
he has now received his visa and had been due to have surgery on 20 october .
when looking at the 20 % most deprived areas , the data shows that 88.7 % of former pupils continued in education , got a job or secured training - that is up by 0.2 % on 2014/15 and up by 4.8 % on 2011/12 .
caven vines claimed during an interview in january 2015 the mps knew about the abuse but did not intervene .
under the local government and public involvement in health act 2007 , he said the cotswolds could become part of thames valley police district .
ben davies -lrb- tottenham hotspur -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
it lifts them temporarily from the petty partisan point - scoring to the olympian heights of statesmanship and all that a downing street podium can confer upon them .
` ` however , in light of the home office 's decision i have today directed her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary in scotland to undertake a strategic review of undercover policing in scotland . ''
today , it is one of highlands and islands airports ltd 's busiest sites and regularly features on lists of the world 's most scenic airports .
there was snow in the inverness area and roads around fort william and glencoe were very icy .
the known candidates for the 2015 general election for ealing central and acton are :
` ` we can not express how devastated we are that his life has been stolen from him .
the met office warned of heavy rain in the morning , followed by heavy showers , from 04:00 gmt .
they have been under pressure to tackle a wave of kidnappings in and around lagos state .
this is the first ship of its type to be built by the recently - formed ferguson marine , which won the contract in september 2014 shortly after the shipyard was rescued from closure .
kieran lee -lrb- sheffield wednesday -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
a number of hospitals asked about the payments uk - wide said there was a shortage of consultants , meaning they had to try to get existing staff to do extra work .
he will make his 18th appearance against leinster on friday , has been rewarded with a new dragons deal .
part of the reason for the lower price tag could be that charitybuzz implemented a finance authorisation requirement for anyone wishing to bid on the auction .
australian federal police -lrb- afp -rrb- confirmed in a statement that they had been asked to investigate the women 's links from their time in sydney and melbourne .
for sale on gumtree , it has no engine , or guns and the wings have been removed for transportation purposes .
florida senator marco rubio on friday called on president barack obama to declare a federal state of emergency and to release funds to help businesses affected by the algae .
the resolution also calls for african countries to continue pushing for reforms of the court - another clear indication that ditching the court en masse is n't such a popular decision .
` ` she was a journalist 's journalist and set an example for all around her , '' said a pbs newshour executive producer .
` ` we tried to get the focus after being in the fa cup semi - final and sometimes it drops the intensity , '' said martinez .
an australian pelican , lanky was the longest living resident of wellington zoo , arriving there in 1978 .
it also looked at disability , access to housing and the built environment in cities and towns in england and wales .
ulster bank is one of the big four local banks in northern ireland , employing about 2,200 staff .
obesity experts said all diets cut calories to a similar level , which may explain the results .
` ` we must accept that between 1940 and 1965 , a recorded 474 so - called ` ` unclaimed infant remains '' were transferred from mother - and - baby homes to medical schools in irish universities . ''
last year , ellan vannin finished second at the inaugural world cup for nations and regions outside fifa .
but , the icao ` ` red flagged '' the country 's body on thursday for failing to solve the issues within 90 days .
mr butt and mr yassen were arrested on the m5 with 36.5 kg of heroin in a speaker and suitcase in their citroen picasso .
the house of pietro 's owner collapsed as a result of the quake .
` ` this is the first time they have entered candidates in every ward .
` ` even after this deal our policy towards the arrogant us will not change . ''
they won the final 5 - 2 on aggregate , to add the confederation cup to their list of honours after winning the african champions league in 2015 .
in march , snowdonia national park authority 's planning committee rejected the scheme .
a spokesman for the fa said mr dyke ` ` had been keen to meet the astle family for a long time '' to hear their concerns .
on the campaign trail , donald trump sketched a plan to ` ` cancel '' the paris agreement and withhold us payments to the un body tasked with stemming climate change .
the deal is subject to ratification by the national league and supporters have raised concerns about gi .
last year in gcse and a - level exams , extra time was awarded to more than 27,000 independent school students - which represented nearly 20 % of all candidates in the sector .
ttip : the eu - us trade deal explained
i want to improve and i know where i want to do that , '' belgian lukaku said on monday .
the reds will travel to face a coleraine side missing the suspended steven douglas after his dismissal in saturday 's 3 - 1 win at dungannon swifts .
mr clegg said : ` ` the broadcasters need to come forward with other proposals because clearly the current one - which i ' m not wildly happy about because it excludes me as a leader of a governing party - so they need to come forward with a proposal .
in an apparent foretaste of his controversial christmas message , the king warned viewers at the time that if their political impasse remained unresolved , they risked the emergence of a form of ` ` poujadism '' , referring to a right - wing populist movement in 1950s france .
gary caldwell 's latics , who announced the signing of shaun macdonald from bournemouth before kick - off , earned their first win of the season in their first home game of the campaign .
a selection of photos from across the african continent this week :
and if that does not take off , they have also come up with a thai delicious app for smartphones .
sussex police said the charges incorporated all of the reports of money being paid for but no tickets being given .
mr williams said they had completed their first stage of restructuring the company while managing to increase staffing levels .
it said there was ` ` no indication that any patients have been adversely affected '' .
however , the city of edinburgh council decided to do a u - turn following a review of last year 's events .
hardaker 's try followed a burst by burrow and sinfield 's kick restored the 10-point advantage as leeds earned their ninth win in 10 super league games .
prices rose by 8.6 % in england in the year to the end of january , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- said .
the plan suggests merging the royal , aintree and liverpool women 's hospital into one new trust by april 2018 - but also ` ` reconfiguring '' the women 's hospital by 2021 .
seven other senior bosses could earn a pay rise of about 7 % .
cancer research uk said the results were ` ` promising '' but dosages should not be changed without a doctor 's advice .
an interim order to stop work was issued last week and will remain in place until the judicial review .
graham dwyer , 42 , from the foxrock suburb of south dublin , pleaded not guilty to the murder of elaine o'hara .
the project at ffrwd farm nature reserve , pembrey , is part of a wider ongoing water vole strategy for south wales .
a judge said there was a basis for concluding the officers , known as m and q , may have perverted the course of justice and committed perjury while giving evidence .
` ` it is an apparent problem that women have to wait in lines for toilets , '' fu liping , an official involved in the project , was quoted as saying , by the xinhua news agency .
davies started ahead of biggar at fly - half in their pro12 win against edinburgh on friday , 2 december .
` ` it is more difficult .
action on hearing loss cymru director richard williams said 84,000 people , or 4 % of wales ' working - age population , are deaf or wear hearing aids .
mr sterling had originally agreed to the sale of the basketball team , but then revoked his blessing , saying he had been improperly removed from the trust .
and prince william and his wife will be available to do more royal work .
while its existence has become a source of controversy on both sides of the channel , some are also angry at attempts to destroy it .
on tuesday , two security researchers set up a crowd - funding campaign to buy access to the exploits , so the vulnerabilities could be fixed instead .
` ` england need james anderson , stuart broad , ian bell , eoin morgan and ravi bopara to fire .
campaigners have asked the university to reconsider the move , highlighting its ` ` strong record '' in educating people from disadvantaged groups .
mr grant will lay a wreath at a ceremony near the site of the balcony collapse later .
prisons in papua new guinea often suffer from overcrowding , poor conditions and long waiting periods for prisoners awaiting trial .
it remains unclear where the animal came from , though there is a big cat park near montevrain .
cane toads were introduced to australia in the 1930s to control sugar cane pests .
` ` the psni would not hold any information in relation to police officers making a compensation claim against the owner of a stolen vehicle , '' they said .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is presently preparing a bill to go through stormont to put a special pension in place for them .
the vehicle was dragged for several hundred metres after being struck by a paris - bound train at conde - sur - huisne in the orne region on friday evening .
the woman , who has not been named but was in her 70s , was critically injured and died at the scene .
it will travel on the cleethorpes coast light railway , visit the pods centre in scunthorpe and abseil down grimsby 's dock tower .
golf is returning to the olympics for the first time since 1904 at rio next summer .
the social mobility commission warns of many ` ` treadmill families running harder and harder but standing still '' .
colchester 's winless run in league one stretched to 17 matches as they remain rooted to the foot of the table while a point was enough to take chesterfield out of the relegation places .
four men , aged 59 , 48 , 38 and 18 , remain in custody on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
the ` ` body '' turned out to be a work of art called a thousand tides , which has been at the site for more than a year .
it found that nearly one billion people smoked daily in 2015 - one in four men and one in 20 women .
the body of waldek mural , 57 , was discovered by a member of the public in burley park burley on 5 september .
the session recording has been restored with help from guitarist jimmy page for inclusion on a new compilation .
so how far have england come since the world cup and that defeat by italy in manaus a year ago ?
although kids are n't able to vote , the decisions made in the election will have a big impact on the lives of all children across the country .
in the most recent suit filed on thursday with the us district court of massachusetts , the winklevosses and their business partner divya narendra said that facebook hid some crucial information from them during settlement proceedings .
his fourth - placed finish in the 1984 tour de france was a record for a british rider and has since been matched only by bradley wiggins in 2009 .
few know wrexham 's drug scene better than her , and she does not believe the number of drug users in wrexham has increased in the last decade .
one person died when a car , a van pulling a trailer and a lorry crashed between junctions 10 and 10a on sunday at about 15:00 bst .
in the aftermath of khalid masood 's assault on london , the bbc received a number of questions from people concerned about safety and security on our streets .
devante cole restored bradford 's lead just before the hour and an olly lancashire own goal two minutes later put the game out of reach .
there were a number of impressive drives from bianchi , but the most high profile was his taking ninth place in the monaco grand prix in may last year .
however , operation midland has undoubtedly tested the commissioner 's leadership and judgement .
ms clarke previously triumphed at the contest with a life - sized johnny depp cake , which made headlines around the world .
a legal challenge over the uk leaving the eu will be heard by the high court in london in october , two judges have decided .
` ` so i was never saying ` martini , shaken not stirred ' . ''
trott and scot archibald were in a class of their own in the women 's scratch , twice lapping the field before the english rider powered ahead in the sprint for the line .
nhs improvement said it would start publishing ` ` league tables '' of the best and worst - performing trusts on agency spending later this year .
mark molesley -lrb- aldershot town -rrb- left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal following a corner .
luca was selected as an esa astronaut in may 2009 and travelled to the international space station in 2013
there may be other council by - elections taking place on 2 may .
mr hague , who held talks with iraqi prime minister nouri maliki on thursday , has warned that the country is facing an ` ` existential threat '' .
they started what would be a five - year campaign to get to the truth .
while publicly it is tonight the done thing for tories to be fulsomely on the record praising the prime minister , privately it 's hard to find a single mp who believes that she will take the party into the next general election .
slovak sagan won an uphill sprint to take his second victory of the race , ahead of france 's thibaut pinot , who also moved second overall behind leader nairo quintana of colombia .
they are suspected of being involved in the ` ` importation and onward supply '' of the class b drug .
apple has told the wall street journal that it ` ` plans to more aggressively encourage people '' to turn two - factor authentication on and use stronger passwords .
the service for friends and relatives of steve warren was held at huntworth near bridgwater .
more than 50 people were also wounded , the defence ministry said .
tevez played for seven years in the premier league and won the title with both manchester clubs .
under government rules , the rise in regulated fares was restricted to no more than the retail prices index measure of inflation over the year to july , which was 1 % .
they were counted then but actually conservatives pulled further ahead and ben houchen beat sue jeffrey the labour candidate in a runoff to become the tees valley mayor .
rolls - royce said it invests in research and development ` ` where the environment is supportive '' .
observers say officials are trying to put on a show of ` ` business as usual '' at the shrine and the surrounding areas , encouraging people to visit and pay their respects .
based in the hoxton area of east london , the other , and currently larger , part of songkick 's business is a notification system that means music fans can avoid missing out on seeing their favourite band or singer perform live .
frankie raymond -lrb- dagenham and redbridge -rrb- .
` ` people are not supposed to build hardware , robot products , out of india and we ' ve been able to do that . ''
he also told the court mr laverick had killed his son by shaking or throwing him .
` ` providing police intelligence to a known drug dealer is a departure from the proper standards expected of a police officer . ''
the union is supporting a campaign to stop bangor university student shiromini satkunarajah being deported to sri lanka .
in may , 14 fifa officials and sports marketing executives were indicted in the us on racketeering charges involving more than $ 150 m -lrb- # 97 m -rrb- .
` ` paddy has played an important part in our success during the past three and a half years and we thank him for his contribution , '' head of mercedes - benz motorsport toto wolff said .
` ` like many beaches in the uk we do not have lifeguards on duty , our coastal safety signs clearly advise all visitors of this fact .
all four of the british open finalists said they wanted to see more mixed doubles events on tour .
for his part , stander believes the munster pack ` ` let down '' murray at scotstoun but he appears confident that there will not be a repetition at murrayfield .
the 6 ft 5ins devonian made 20 senior appearances for pirates last season .
the spread of cancer - known as metastasis - is a fight between a rapidly mutating cancer and the rest of the body .
england 's ross fisher finished joint third after a bogey on the 18th .
but he acknowledged that his department ` ` may not have acted when it should '' in response to warnings of extremism in schools .
machinery that used to be ` ` the heart '' of poldark mine is to be restored by cornwall college engineering students .
durham jets appeared to be facing a seventh straight defeat in this season 's competition when a luke ronchi - inspired leicestershire made 88 - 2 from their seven overs at grace road .
fr reid , 82 , a member of the redemptorist order , secretly acted as a conduit between the republican movement and the sdlp .
following the lead of other researchers , studying the dynamics of viscous liquid threads nearly 10 years ago , dr brun and his colleagues called their system a ` ` sewing machine '' .
` ` as a small boy i was sent to games with him , '' foley recalled .
a black citroen came off the promenade , down a grassy slope and through iron railings before rolling on to rocks .
when the ebola crisis came to sierra leone in 2014 we considered it to be a common enemy .
november 2014 : tv network nbc scraps plans for a new show with the comedian following allegations by tv presenter janice dickinson that he had assaulted her in 1982 .
figures compiled by the bbc news website last year showed fewer than a third of the uk 's most influential jobs were held by women .
the european research centre announced its spoof discovery with pictures showing its scientists using the force in everyday life .
so what is the enduring appeal of his tale ?
` ` sometimes smoke can be seen externally and in cases such as these we would inform the local fire service , but it 's not something an amateur would always think of . ''
the londonderry - born player will therefore be available for the intercontinental cup match with papua new guinea in australia from 31 january to 3 february and then the icc world twenty20 in march .
dixon was captain of the championship club 's under-21 side .
she said he had continued to make outstanding contributions to the cultural life of the city ` ` underlining the depth of feeling he has for liverpool and the city has for him '' .
the victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an upper - caste girl about a month ago .
six of the 12 british olympians who won more than one medal at london 2012 were younger than 26 .
` ` but those talents do not include wisely judging strategic issues , whether when toppling arab dictators in places like libya , increasing military commitments whilst cutting the armed forces , predicting a third world war in consequence of brexit , or dangerously delaying the renewal of trident for the sake of coalition politics - as he did . ''
the proposed cuts would see 195 job losses , 47 of those posts are already vacant according to the authority .
the two sides are in dispute over staffing changes , which the company says would have no impact on safety and no compulsory job losses .
bilic has said he is interested in signing manchester city striker wilfried bony , while west ham announced the arrival of swiss midfielder edimilson fernandes from fc sion before kick - off .
all i can do is apologise to the fans after the performance .
it is also planning a student development at the former athletic stores building in the city centre .
the brick struck the windscreen in front of the driver , smashing it .
` ` it 's very relaxed - i ' m not standing at a board talking to children , the children are taking part in it .
wolff would be very interested but , like ricciardo , verstappen is under contract to red bull - in his case to the end of 2019 .
the build - up of amyloid in the brain has been a treatment target for many years .
the teenager was walking on the ancrum road crossing , near the junction with ancrum drive , when she was hit by a black ford fiesta at about 17:20 on monday .
the kremlin told me it had nothing to do with the loans , and that mr putin and marine le pen had never met before the visit to moscow in march 2017 .
beauty and the beast director bill condon has spoken about the ` ` exclusively gay moment '' in the film .
wales and british and irish lions lock jones hopes the players can now concentrate on the new season .
more than 700,000 private messages between members have also been leaked .
mr matheson said : ` ` the uk brexit vote raises many uncertainties for scotland 's unique justice system .
he said graffiti was found on the sperm whales which were washed up on the norfolk coast in january .
the vote came a day after the senate rejected a plan to repeal and replace the health law with a republican plan .
it follows a bbc investigation into how assembly members use their expenses .
he has not been told that his son is dead , the lawyer said .
most of the deaths resulted from a stampede as hundreds of students rushed to escape the blaze through two exits , the kano state officials said .
` ` i spoke to -lrb- united under-21 coach -rrb- warren joyce last season about taking him , '' collins told bbc radio stoke .
the gorse fire , which began at about 13:45 bst , has engulfed a large area of dry heath - land on woodbury common .
in december the government launched a consultation on ` ` re - invigorating '' the right to buy , which has dwindled in recent years , and suggested the maximum discount may be raised to # 50,000 .
south korean officials said the mid - range missile launch took place early thursday morning near the eastern coastal city of wonsan but the missile ` ` crashed a few seconds later '' in the coastal area , reported yonhap news agency .
glasgow host cardiff blues in the pro12 on saturday with the warriors , who are fifth , nine points ahead of the welsh province .
the canadian population will understand why we want to make the change , '' new democrat mp christine moore said .
the maths study also ranked the ` ` safe and orderly '' levels of schools - and found northern ireland was at the top , with england in 14th place .
rangers manager mark warburton , however , defended kiernan .
gwynedd council decided to go ahead with establishing a new church in wales campus at ysgol y berwyn in bala .
experts say the sinkhole opened up after heavy rain put pressure on the surface of the course .
the county tyrone man 's late mishap left him only seventh fastest on the final stage but it proved enough to clinch a crucial victory following his disappointing performances in the opening two events of the season .
its reopening coincides with the bbc 's springwatch programme , which is based at the nature reserve for its easter show .
` ` they masterminded the terrorist attack , '' the news agency added .
roy also made a century in a record - breaking stand with alex hales in the second one - day international .
while the uk as a whole voted to leave the eu by 52 % to 48 % , 56 % of people in northern ireland voted to remain .
mr corbyn told today he would ` ` reach out to '' labour mps who have opposed his leadership ` ` as i ' ve reached out to them in the past '' .
` ` there is a real role for the police ombudsman 's office , but that office has to hold the confidence of police officers . ''
police said the accident happened at just before 13:00 at the event in blaxhall , north - east of ipswich .
` ` you can tell there is fear that barca will be eliminated . ''
the prime minster had to make concessions to get a deal with the leaders of the 27 other eu members .
crews have been smothering part of the fire with soil , using foam to suppress the smoke and trying to remove burnt waste , he said .
the court then suspended the trial , asking for dna samples of the accused , the victim and her daughter .
female clerics , or ` ` ulema '' , have existed in indonesia for hundreds of years , but their role has been played down previously .
on wednesday the us congress voted for a law allowing families of nearly 3,000 people killed in the attacks to sue .
mr bell said when he was enterprise minister his special advisor , timothy cairns , told him ` ` he will not be allowed to reduce the tariff on -lrb- the rhi -rrb- scheme '' because of mr johnston and mr robinson 's ` ` extensive interests in the poultry industry '' .
mr salmond , who served as first minister between 2007 and 2014 , used his valedictory address to repeat a belief he expressed in his very first speech in the parliament that scotland was ` ` not divided , but diverse '' .
chris denning rose to prominence in the 1960s on bbc television and radio .
it left a sour note on an afternoon when hearts won 6 - 3 on aggregate .
` ` this is work for the next 20 years building these eight type 26 anti - submarine frigates . ''
she was taken to lancaster royal infirmary , where a ct scan found a large perforation in her stomach .
kevin ellison , 37 , got the only goal of the game as morecambe 's 1 - 0 win at yeovil on saturday moved them to the top of the league .
in 2007 , a 14-year - old schoolboy was shot dead by two fellow students at a school campus near the capital , delhi .
week in week out has been investigating offers made by a local agent recruiting for the college .
the case has attracted attention after chappelle said throwing a banana peel was a racist act .
but the department for education has indicated that free school meals will be protected in the spending review .
hamilton player ali crawford was shown a yellow card and assistant manager guillaume beuzelin sent to the stand after becoming involved in the chaotic scenes that followed the incident between foster and swanson .
mayne - nicholls chaired fifa 's bid evaluation group for the 2018 and 2022 world cups , which were awarded to russia and qatar respectively .
wolff said he had given hamilton and rosberg guidelines about their conduct on track but repeatedly refused to detail what they were or the potential penalties that could be imposed if they were not followed .
in addition , it wants to be able to keep more of the cash raised by selling council houses to reinvest in building new homes .
the symbols , which were intended to protect inhabitants and visitors of buildings from witches and evil spirits , took many forms , including patterns and sometimes letters .
uk universities were invited to submit their master 's degree courses for certification .
he said it was 1.5 m -lrb- 5 ft -rrb- at its deepest and signs were up stating there were no lifeguards on duty and that people swam at their own risk .
north korea previously claimed it had miniaturised a device for the nuclear test it conducted in 2013 but experts have continued to debate how far along that process it is .
coady never got to play a home game in his three years at anfield , with both his first - team appearances coming on the road , the second as a late sub for philippe coutinho in a 3 - 1 win at fulham , his only one in the premier league .
council figures show prospective beach hut tenants could face a minimum wait of up to 18 years at some of its seven locations .
nevertheless , there are echoes of that case in the flawed ipcc investigation into the death of sean rigg in south london in 2008 .
casey kasem began his career in the 1950s and found fame with the chart programme in the 1970s .
from the outside , the magnet appeared as an inert beer can .
police , intelligence officers and members of the military are guilty of targeting male and female detainees , according to the report .
` ` if you 're relegated from the premiership you 're put in the naughty boys corner , which is in the championship , for a year and expected to come back up .
goalline technology , already established in the premier league and elsewhere , will be used at euro 2016 .
it issued a yellow warning of wind , saying gusts of up to 75 mph -lrb- 120kmph -rrb- could occur locally , particularly to the west of the mountains .
the committee took stock of correspondence it has been sent , including from loyalist jamie bryson , who claims to have information about the loan sale .
two other injured men were taken to hospital , where a 25-year - old with knife wounds is in a critical condition , west midlands police said .
featuring mars on lead vocals , uptown funk is the first single from british producer ronson 's fourth album , uptown special .
` ` along with its sister programme at 6 , the bbc 's 10 o'clock news is already the most popular news bulletin in the uk and , in the new year , it will offer even more , '' said gavin allen , controller of daily news programmes .
the anti - secrecy website has published thousands of the us spy agency 's secret documents , including what it says are the cia 's hacking tools .
clywodd yr achos bod pesticcio wedi dilyn sophie taylor yn ei char ar hyd strydoedd y brifddinas ar ôl ei gweld tu allan i gartref ei chariad , wheeler .
so what are the chances of saving bhs from the liquidators ?
labour said it intended to extend this to decisions by the police .
although 95 % of savers will still be protected , as many as 2.5 million people may not be , according to the fscs .
its owner , inm , decided to move due to the closure of the printing operation within the royal avenue premises .
` ` we ' ve had a steady increase in the number of students and staff coming down with this .
midfielder doughty stabbed home in the 94th minute after millwall failed to clear a free - kick .
jersey - based collector david gainsborough - roberts , 73 , spent his life collecting a variety of memorabilia from famous people .
while bushmeat is thought to be a possible source of ebola , the scientists believe it did n't trigger the outbreak .
the story came to the attention of the historians as they studied world war one .
the body has been sent to a kuala lumpur hospital for post mortem examination .
former blackpool forward taylor - fletcher scored three goals in 23 games for his parent club last season .
` ` how has it been that the council signed a contract that enabled a contractor to take more than twice the amount of time to build what should be a fairly straight - forward job ?
the soldiers from the 2 scots battalion of the royal regiment of scotland are being sent to kabul to help train the afghan army .
there was a fall in the top grades for 13 subjects in england with new content and now assessed only by final exams .
the premier league paid # 174 m to agents , up from # 130 m , with manchester city being the biggest spenders -lrb- # 26.3 m -rrb- ahead of chelsea -lrb- # 25.1 m -rrb- and manchester united -lrb- # 19 m -rrb- .
on thursday , a spokesman for the mtp said : ` ` we have not received any confirmation of an appeal either from the court or the doctor .
the girl is being treated at king 's college hospital in london .
the best les bleus could manage was a fifth penalty from lopez , but that was enough to seal the win .
16 september 2014 : an armed security contractor with a felony criminal record is allowed to board a lift with the president in a government building in atlanta .
it killed 19 people and is brazil 's worst ever mine disaster .
mahut , 33 , and herbert , 24 , are making their debuts at the season finale for the best eight teams in the world .
` ` since many of the world 's leading technology companies are based in the us , essentially anyone who participates in our interconnected world and uses popular services like google or skype can have their privacy violated through the prism programme , '' says privacy international on its website .
chartoff was also nominated for an oscar in 1981 for raging bull , martin scorsese 's darker take on the sport , which starred robert de niro as boxer jake la motta .
` ` ai weiwei studio will announce the project description and lego collection points in different cities .
the first lady then tells corden she ` ` rarely '' gets to listen to music in the car and the only time she has ever sat in the front passenger seat ` ` rocking out '' was when one of her daughters was learning to drive .
he is the brother of suspect lukasz pawel herba , who is being held by italian police after ms ayling was allegedly kidnapped in milan .
england stand - off brown moved to warrington for an undisclosed fee at the start of the season after three years at widnes and was booed by visiting fans throughout , but produced an excellent display for last year 's losing finalists .
the letter , published in the daily telegraph , said being a member of the eu undermines british competitiveness and brexit would ` ` create more jobs '' .
he said manila would not ` ` break or abrogate existing treaties '' , suggesting he wants to maintain the philippines ' ties with the us .
he resigned from the snsc and from his role leading the nuclear talks just weeks after the election of the combative mahmoud ahmadinejad , amid sharp differences with the new president .
mr tillerson said : ` ` i expressed the view that the current state of us - russia relations is at a low point .
he survived harm from his enemies .
jonas added a fifth , his second of the game , in the second half , as benfica won their 36th league championship .
most of the deaths are said to have been suicides .
the jobs creation agency said it was because the stormont executive had not yet set the rate of corporation tax to be introduced in northern ireland , or the date it will take effect .
extensive searches involving mountain rescue teams , search dogs , police and a helicopter have been made since he was reported missing the following wednesday .
what makes marine le pen far right ?
the aircraft , nicknamed ` ` bette '' after one of its pilot 's girlfriends , was built in 1941 from donations from the borough of lambeth spitfire fund .
bank of scotland also has a polymer # 10 note entering circulation , featuring the image of sir walter scott , while clydesdale bank 's version , featuring robert burns , comes out on 21 september .
it carried on with its mission while a police car was dispatched to investigate the laser .
the us has also resumed importing beef from the eu , under strict monitoring , a process that began with ireland in january .
oxford station manager richard fry said the improvements would ` ` bring brunel 's railway into the 21st century '' .
stoke had been on the end of three consecutive 3 - 0 defeats in the league , and had failed to get on the score sheet for a month .
railway magazine assistant editor nick brodrick said this live feed is a result of ` ` the embarrassing fallout caused by the delayed engineering works on the east coast main line after christmas '' .
a 57-year - old man from heysham , who was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder , is now in a secure unit .
the school was at the heart of the events , close to the charlie hebdo offices .
the museum 's head of collections , ian thirsk , said : ` ` for one aircraft type to have been in service for such a long period is remarkable in itself .
new zealand reacted to their shock loss by running in 10 tries in beating italy 68 - 10 on saturday .
a spokeswoman from seafrance said : ` ` seafrance is sad to announce that the tribunal de commerce in paris has made the decision to liquidate the company .
an rnli lifeboat from barrow rescued the crew and brought them to shore shortly after 02:50 bst .
asked if this would be his last world title fight if he lost to braehmer , cleverly told bbc radio wales sport : ` ` possibly so and probably so .
` ` it means we can go to ipswich on saturday and try to make it three wins in a row and then we can be looking at a top 10 finish .
and solihull were left clinging on when debutant daniel udoh picked up two yellow cards to be sent off with five minutes remaining - just eight minutes after coming off the bench .
king addressed fans after being voted on to the board and said the egm was a ` ` turning point in the future of the club '' .
whiley and japanese partner yui kamiji stayed on track to retain their women 's doubles title after the grand slam - winning pair defeated germany 's katharina kruger and dutchwoman sharon walraven 6 - 4 6 - 3 .
` ` i was out of contract with dundee united and at the time they were only prepared to offer a one - year contract , '' he said .
warning sirens went off just before the rockets hit .
the international labour organisation says children under the age of 15 should not be allowed to work .
they are , ironically , the inheritors of abu musab al - zarqawi 's legacy - the former leader of al - qaeda in iraq who was himself killed by the us in 2006 .
last week , the promoter announced that this year 's festival arena will increase in size by a third .
` ` economic development in tibet is far from what it seems from the window of a car or a plush meeting room in lhasa . ''
south african abbott , who had earlier bowled cheteshwar pujara and wriddhiman saha , conceded just 23 runs in 17 overs to continue his push to start the four - test series against england , which begins on 26 december in durban .
the edinburgh club responded via twitter , saying : ` ` hibernian are aware of the sanction imposed by uefa on head coach neil lennon and are in the process of appealing the suspension . ''
dover harbour board said the industrial action closed the port of calais in the early hours and all ferries to and from dover were affected , apart from dfds seaways services to dunkirk .
` ` all wings of the labour party which support the notion of the labour party as a party aspiring to govern , rather than as a fringe protest movement agree on the tragedy of the labour party 's current position , '' he said in the article , which does not mention mr corbyn by name .
former defence minister filipe nyusi won the presidential election in october 2014 and was inaugurated in january 2015 .
farrell has 52 caps for england and four for the british & irish lions .
following mccann 's initial decision to step down , st mirren rejected a request by the taysiders to speak to their manager jack ross .
the winner of the leadership contest - sparked by mr farage 's decision to stand down after the uk voted to leave the eu - is scheduled to be announced on 15 september .
the sun reported that the 30-year - old will become a club director .
i was disappointed i did not get a chance with villa in the summer if i ' m honest , because i thought it would have been ideal to sort everything out , '' warnock told bbc wales .
paul stewart , of the keep lepe open longer , campaign said : ` ` it will be good news if and when it goes ahead . ''
we knew we had to put the pressure on pakistan and then on the last day you never know .
he has been rumoured to be discussing an alliance with aung san suu kyi whose party is expected to win wide popular support in the 8 november elections .
the clinic will also provide antenatal classes and breastfeeding advice which has been altered for women who have experienced sexual attacks , and offer specialist gynaecological examinations and mental health support after labour .
the first pitch has been brought forward an hour because of the threat of rain in the cleveland area .
` ` the good weather meant that there were a large number of spectators out to watch the horses , the crowning ceremony and the parade in the centre of dumfries but it was a good family atmosphere and there were no policing issues .
he was remanded in custody during a short hearing at birmingham magistrates ' court on monday .
last season 's t20 blast captain dawid malan , 29 , has been named vice - captain in that format and will lead the side when mccullum , who has re - signed for nine group games , is unavailable .
it glided on before crashing in a field in figullar , emyvale , on 20 november 1942 .
meanwhile , the work and pensions secretary said the government had sought to end a contract with the firm atos , which was tasked with assessing whether benefit claimants were fit to work .
otto warmbier , an economics student from the university of virginia , was arrested in january 2016 while visiting north korea as a tourist .
by close of trading , premier 's share price was up by nearly 90 % to 36p .
sales fell 7 % to $ 21.4 bn in the first three months of the year , with sales in the uk down 9.8 % .
the statistics canada report notes that the figures do not paint a full picture of the true extent of hate crime in canada .
accused of procuring an act of ` ` gross indecency '' likely to cause offence for his production of the romans in britain at london 's national theatre , bogdanov says he felt ` ` enormous relief '' when the case collapsed and the prosecution withdrew its evidence on the third day of the hearing .
south wales police has arrested a 21-year - old man in connection with the incident at kingsway just before 03:30 gmt .
linda smith , board member for leisure , parks and sport , said the council has been ` ` searching for a suitable new burial site for many years '' .
a coronation street spokeswoman said : ` ` we are very sad to hear of the death of geoffrey hughes .
monday 's victory also secured his place at the world championships in hamburg , germany in august .
chinese authorities tightly control information online and have previously prosecuted internet users for spreading rumours .
conservative mp for keighley kris hopkins asked if the pm agreed that there was ` ` a responsibility and an obligation '' on parents to make sure their children can speak english when they start school .
officials said the aim was to carry - out as much work as possible on wednesday while the weather was favourable , but warned that work to refloat the rig could take some time .
b&m opened 25 net new stores in the quarter , with some of the new openings being among its most successful .
east ayrshire council said it would ask permission from the mcilvanney family to name the campus in his honour .
a firm fixture in the kasimpasa side , such has been omeruo 's impact that the turkish club are now exploring the option to buy him at the end of his loan spell .
ms ní chuilín has instructed the civil servants she has sent in to implement its recommendations .
cleveland police have also confirmed a 26-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction , following the girl 's disappearance on thursday .
dyfed - powys police said this was the first time dna evidence has been used in a case of this type in wales , and only the third time across wales and england .
` ` the board of trustees accepts dr cosby 's resignation from the board and thanks him for his service to the university , '' the university said in a statement .
sky has also been pushing its fibre products recently - they offer higher speeds and people who sign up generally use more data afterwards . ''
it is as clear as the water in that angus burn that the debate about scotland 's future is far from over .
ipswich town boss mick mccarthy confirmed on saturday to bbc radio suffolk he was still searching for another striker despite signing moore , having previously had an approach turned down by preston for jordan hugill .
but his form under van gaal has led to suggestions england coach roy hodgson might end that exile when he names his squad on 19 march for the games against lithuania and italy .
days later the the bank of england 's chief economist , andy haldane , joined company chiefs to reject proposals for annual binding votes on pay and the publication of pay ratios .
kelly brazier landed a penalty for new zealand as the scoreboard continued to kick over but england had the upper hand and they added a fourth try , converted by scarratt , as prop crowley finished off another fine attack .
the van gogh museum , in amsterdam , is the only place that can officially authenticate a van gogh work .
in friday 's second match , british number five james ward takes on dusan lajovic , the world number 81 .
last weekend , 19 gunmen were killed in a shootout with police in the neighbouring sinaloa state , home to the powerful cartel once led by kingpin joaquÃn ` ` el chapo '' guzmÃ ¡ n.
mr palomo , 63 , defended gen rios montt against charges connected to the killing of more than 1,700 indigenous guatemalans in the 1980s .
it must demonstrate it meets wada and iaaf rules before being readmitted into the sport and , potentially , allowed to compete in the rio olympics .
the cuban , 35 , became wba champion when carl frampton opted to fight for a featherweight title rather than defend his super - bantamweight belt .
` ` but i ' m not sure yet if he -lsb- mier -rsb- is going to be able to come .
rail companies say further disruption and delays are likely on wednesday , as services return to normal .
luiz has been the subject of interest from barcelona in the last two summers , but french champions psg - despite recently failing uefa 's financial fair play -lrb- ffp -rrb- rules - will break the transfer record for a defender to secure his services .
sheeran played the festival at the start of his career and grew up in nearby framlingham .
chennai is the sixth indian city to have the metro after delhi , kolkata , bangalore , mumbai and jaipur .
in the latest incident a fishing hook had to be removed from a swan 's tongue in the charity 's operating theatre .
izzard attempted a similar feat in south africa in 2012 but had to pull out for health reasons .
` ` i was pretty impressed by batman v superman .
ms sturgeon posted an initial reaction to the customs union plan on twitter , saying : ` ` seems uk gov is back to its daft ` have cake and eat it ' approach to brexit .
belfast , who have played one game less than cardiff , take on the capitals again on friday at the same venue .
i believe he was going to set himself alight so i fired the taser . ''
` ` a better way is to generate revenue .
he added : ` ` all relevant considerations point to the conclusion that it is indeed in the best interests of the children that they should -lsb- be -rsb- at home in the care of their parents . ''
it is both a defence of charlie hebdo 's editorial stance and an attack on the paper 's detractors .
monday 's report by fars , which is close to the powerful revolutionary guards , said technicians had removed the core of the existing reactor and poured concrete into the cavity .
she added : ` ` we feel we are being punished by the council for living in a rural area as we have been provided with no alternative options for transport and it is unacceptable . ''
the report 's key conclusion was : ` ` too many older people living in care homes quickly become institutionalised .
dagenham remain in the relegation places , while wycombe move up to sixth spot , above leyton orient on goal difference .
since she began her lawsuit , ms rizo is now receiving the same pay as her male colleague , but she continues to fight for backdated wages .
prof dawkins said : ` ` i congratulate the people of wales in coming out ahead of the rest of the united kingdom in this respect - well done . ''
he then indicated he would personally serve under mr trump if asked .
hartley 's side are now in pole position to secure a place in the top six for the season run - in .
a local police official said the men had been taking photographs near an airport and were using a telescope .
this year marks is 46th year of the booker prize .
ri jong chol , who said he was not at the airport on the day of the incident , was the only north korean held in connection with the death .
` ` it 's a good point because they are going well .
the 23-year - old made eight appearances for dover last season , but finished the season on loan at national league south side welling united .
new chief executive of tata steel europe , hans fischer , takes over on 1 march .
overall , councils spent # 810,000 less on the service than three years ago .
a uk flag is already available on smartphones and other devices .
cole said : ` ` it is a long road ahead .
he endured more than 30 operations on his left leg after an accident in 2010 and after a five - year absence from the top step returned to win eight tts in the last three years .
however , malcolm henderson told a court he had been there with a shotgun .
meanwhile in hong kong the hang seng index dropped 0.7 % to trade at 21,467 .
his spokesman said mr corbyn had ` ` laid out his position '' and the policy would now go through a ` ` collective decision - making process '' .
the west indies , who resumed on 248 - 7 , were 330 all out before warner hit an 82-ball century , the quickest ever at sydney , as australia reached 176 - 2 .
thames valley police said its officers had supported british transport police after ` ` concerns were raised about a group of passengers '' .
the intention has been to help the refugees to make new friends , improve their language skills and explore part the country they now call home .
the force said heath used his position to identify women - ` ` often victims of crime who were already extremely vulnerable '' - whom he could offend against .
flight qz8501 , from surabaya in java to singapore , disappeared on sunday .
at taunton , however , his victims included ian bell and jonathan trott , who have played a combined total of 170 tests for england .
tom cairney -lrb- fulham -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
rory mcardle -lrb- bradford city -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
vincent hudson has been charged with the historical offence on a boy under the age of 16 , cumbria police said .
cellino , who claims that the club is now debt free , is now targeting a buyout of the 25 % of the club still in the hands of previous owners gfh capital as well as buying back elland road .
uk aviation minister lord ahmad of wimbledon said : ` ` i am delighted that loganair will continue to operate this direct air service between dundee and london stansted for another two years .
together with the benefits for the playing staff , there are numerous off - field advantages also , with the ladies ' side able to tap into the well - established commercial , media and marketing facilities available at notts county . ''
a jcb spokesperson confirmed that the company had ended its membership of the cbi , but did not give reasons why .
domestic abuse will not be recorded as a misogyny hate crime because it has its own procedure , the force said .
` ` but overall if we want to drive our players into the international setups we have to perform at a very high intensity and as individuals they have to perform at a very high intensity . ''
dawson failed to make an appearance during england 's run to the world t20 final in india this year , but his limited - overs performances for hampshire this season have kept him in contention .
they said their findings suggested 2.87 million people , which equates to 18 % of married or cohabiting couples , were living in ` ` distressed '' relationships , where the strains were deemed to be ` ` clinically significant '' by counsellors .
pret ceo clive schee said : ` ` pret 's work experience week is not about making sandwiches for free .
the port talbot - born 28-year - old , who has served five tours of afghanistan , said he had left the medals in the car after removing them from a uniform he was having altered .
it was ` ` a very intentional shot at very close range '' , the rspca said .
mcilroy will tee off at 18:55 bst on sunday , with the final pairing of spieth and kaufman going out at 19:45 .
she took mrs cope to the urgent care centre where she asked a colleague to repeat the tests but this took longer than she had hoped because staff there also struggled to get a blood pressure reading .
tune in to tech tent on the bbc world service at 15:00 gmt for all that and more or catch the podcast later .
in a separate development australia has announced plans to take in 12,000 syrian refugees .
in this model , some 34 % of animal species and 57 % of plants would lose more than half of their current habitat ranges .
` ` the remaining game behind closed doors applies to the next uefa competition match for which the club would qualify .
still arsenal 's youngest ever player at just 16 years and 177 days , fabregas was expected to have been subject of a bid from his former club .
` ` we have to reflect on the bigger picture as well , we started january rock - bottom .
vintage - fan zoe waters , 19 , from bishop auckland , is a student at newcastle university .
o'neill said he ` ` wanted to go to the tournament and see what it 's about '' from a fan 's point of view .
of the 321 patients included in the latest figures , 145 were waiting for a place to become available in a care home , while a further 90 were waiting to return to their own house .
in contrast , harrow has 74 % of pupils studying for a - levels in schools in the borough , and it 's 71 % in darlington .
the latest uk government counter - terrorism strategy report puts the number of britons who reached syria at about 850 - although unofficial estimates are higher .
but on monday he said : ` ` athletes broke the rules and many coaches do n't understand how to work without doping and it 's high time for them to retire . ''
ahmadiyya muslim community scotland president abdul abid said the campaign had been running in london and the scotland launch was moved forward following mr shah 's death .
sweeney was named as young player of the year at bristol rovers last season .
and martin acknowledges they need to improve if they are to avoid back - to - back friendly defeats after struggling to impose themselves on the italians .
the second thing is that one - off , yes or no elections present peculiar difficulties for pollsters , as the alternative voting system referendum in 2011 showed .
she could face the 2014 runner - up eugenie bouchard in the second round and former australian open runner - up dominika cibulkova in round three .
but qpr 's head of communications ian taylor insisted : ` ` steven caulker was not involved in an altercation . ''
the data watchdog said that facebook and whatsapp were independent companies and should process their users ' data as such .
the pair have signed two - year deals with carlton fairweather 's wsl 1 side .
two polish men were assaulted in the town a few days later at a vigil for mr jozwik .
` ` what the government needs to realise is that the more they repress people , the more they will want to demonstrate , '' ms cutaia said .
watch : allan mcnish explains red bull 's ` ` colossal mess - up ''
mexican grand prix coverage details
mr wichmann also said that the danes were seeking a deal that would effectively mean ` ` business as usual '' with regard to access to uk fisheries after brexit .
in a statement on its facebook page , which appears to have since been deleted , the force wrote : ` ` victoria police are aware of people who are parading in public wearing clown masks .
giaccherini , 31 , joined the black cats in 2013 from juventus for # 6.5 m but , after an impressive first season , he struggled to make an impact .
there 's no secret about that , '' mr odinga told his supporters on sunday , as he called for a strike .
the society says that pet owners have been thinking ahead by carrying plastic bags to clear up dog mess - which is a good thing .
chancellor george osborne has said the planned rise in the main rate of vat from 17.5 % to 20 % is estimated to raise Â # 13bn towards reducing the Â # 155bn deficit .
parma 's total debts are nearly 75 m euros -lrb- # 54 m -rrb- , but in order to register for serie b they needed to clear their sporting debt - money owed to players and staff .
this may be my last blog here .
tubbs could be handed his eastleigh debut in the national league game at kidderminster on tuesday .
the company reported a 4 % decline in profits to $ 1.89 bn in the first quarter from $ 1.98 bn in 2015 .
the game went back to tayside on sunday as dundee hosted , but the stars snapped their own run of seven straight defeats with a 6 - 0 shutout win over michal dobron 's side .
scottish wildlife trust ranger charlotte fleming said there was ` ` plenty of excitement '' at the centre as the new female laid her first egg .
` ` the english legal aid agency funded english lawyers to make a case in northern ireland for a civil case for some of the omagh bombing families ... so why oh why are we having to fight and beg with a bowl to get what everyone else has had ? ''
the strikes came after the taliban stormed karachi airport , in an attack that killed at least 30 people .
` ` i ' ve forgotten what the difference is between thomas ridgewell and tomska . ''
but reports from washington now suggest us commanders had believed they had one of al - qaeda 's most valuable targets in their sights .
she stopped in front of the police car with inches to spare .
mcdonnell , 30 , will face rosas on the undercard of anthony joshua 's ibf world heavyweight title bout with charles martin at the o2 in london .
she was one of five women given top jobs in the macron cabinet last month and accompanied the president on his visit to mali last month , his first trip outside europe .
a spokeswoman for the rspca said : ` ` happily we were able to rescue this swan and release it back into the wild just a short distance away . ''
there is potential for players to make a good amount of money , but you have to put in that hard work first in order to get there . ''
` ` hearing loss is considered an invisible epidemic because people do n't see it or know that someone suffers from it , '' says de wet swanepoel , professor of audiology at south africa 's pretoria university .
newcastle host northampton , who they beat 22 - 16 earlier this season , on sunday , with the saints one place above the falcons in the table .
he said : ` ` there 's a large piece of machinery - a jcb - was taken from a building site around the corner - and half the shop front has been pulled down by the jcb to take out the cash machine .
royal spice has been temporarily closed by hyndburn council due to below standard allergen management and a mice infestation .
cleveland police want to speak to anyone who saw a woman with a child and ` ` in a distressed state '' running across the road towards a wooded area near kirkleatham lane , where she got out of the car .
the claim : anyone can win # 50 million by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the euro 2016 football championships .
meanwhile , wimbledon are also set to investigate a coin - throwing incident from the charlton supporters ' area , which resulted in an assistant referee being hit on the back of the head .
as part of the latest legal settlement , barclays admitted what had already been firmly established ; that some of its dealers rigged libor rates in a system of mutual back - scratching between 2005 and 2009 .
the last sign will now feature in jacqueline 's new book , which is called clover moon .
jack o'connell -lrb- sheffield united -rrb- header from very close range to the centre of the goal .
her family found her body when they returned home on the evening of 20 september .
currently the 28 eu states have different national lists of tax havens and can decide individually whether to impose restrictive measures .
it is the firm 's second android handset after switching focus away from its struggling bb10 platform .
anyone who witnessed the crash has been asked to call gwent police on 101 .
while ozil appears keen to stay , the futures of chile forward alexis sanchez and france striker olivier giroud remain less clear .
he said : ` ` on monday the company will be wound up in the high court and that will represent the end of coal mining in south yorkshire after many generations .
the dow jones rose 0.6 % to 19,912.7 , and the s&p 500 rose 0.7 % to 2,280.07 .
broadcaster and national portrait gallery trustee , zeinab badawi , said : ` ` this portrait is a rare example of a painting of an 18th century african in britain .
this eruption in what is now indonesia was one of the biggest such events in recorded history , and its sulphurous emission circled the globe to generate some spectacular sunsets .
however , the target threshold of getting below 5 g of sugar per 100ml is the same threshold being used by the uk government as it plans to introduce a tax on sugary soft drinks .
rescue teams , however , discovered the yacht broken up among rocks on the shore .
ms weichselbaumer has found similar levels of discrimination in austria .
top seed nadal begins against serbia 's dusan lajovic in the third match on ashe at about 20:00 bst .
on monday , a 25-year - old man was seriously injured when he was shot in the street in the shiregreen area .
the sport ireland chief told irish broadcaster rte he has ` ` major concerns '' over how the sport is being run .
the case made for the jishi gorge megaflood is a plausible one , he said , particularly because it describes a flood that would have broken the yellow river 's banks far downstream and re - routed its flow .
hedren added that she did n't tell anyone because ` ` sexual harassment and stalking were terms that did n't exist '' in the early 1960s .
` ` tyrone is a really big signing for us .
` ` the idea for skin was developed at the time of the bid for uk city of culture and it 's incredibly exciting to see this vision now becoming a reality , '' ms simister said .
she was sacked for leaking information about the 2012 argument between police officers and mp andrew mitchell .
it is alleged the arena clan , part of the powerful ` ndrangheta crime syndicate , may have taken more than a third of the $ 100 m -lrb- $ 109 m / # 85 m -rrb- destined for the centre in the past 10 years .
the police federation , which represents police officers up to the rank of chief inspector in england and wales , said : ` ` our survey suggests 15 % are planning to leave the service .
the candidates will be submitted to the british plaque trust - and the 40 recipients will be unveiled on friday , 9 june as part of bbc music day .
` ` it is contributing to , and in some cases exploiting , mass migration .
military officials said 50 m naira -lrb- $ 317,000 ; Â # 197,709 -rrb- was offered for help in tracking down the group 's suspected leader abubakar shekau .
dieter klein claimed a couple of late wickets but steel ended unbeaten on 145 as durham closed on 324 - 4 .
the game has not been officially released in the uk , but keen gamers have found ways around the app 's country restrictions to get early access .
talks on the bailout package are expected to last a month .
` ` by some measures this has already been the strongest el nino on record .
the remains were found in an area off the a198 , near the entrance to gosford house in longniddry .
but after alvarez 's demolition of khan , the mexican 's promoter oscar de la hoya said he would try to open talks with golovkin 's team the next day .
a 30-year - old man was arrested but has since been released on police bail pending further enquiries .
plans for generation park , on a former industrial site between the river wensum and yarmouth road , have been backed by the university of east anglia .
the culprit for much of the extreme weather that the uk has seen this year is the jet stream .
footage secretly filmed by france 2 tv shows francoise olcay selling dinghies and life jackets to migrants hoping to reach the greek islands .
` ` we will , of course comply with all the measures set out in the improvement notice . ''
red bull motorsport boss helmut marko told germany 's bild newspaper : ` ` the idea of mercedes is finished .
mr tate , a director of the association of motor racing circuit owners , told the bbc 's good morning wales programme there had always been ` ` an eyebrow raised '' about some of the claims made about the size of the proposed circuit of wales .
` ` the six adolescents ... died from carbon monoxide poisoning , '' said a police statement .
british diving performance director alexei evangulov had said daley was ` ` in the best shape and best form of his career '' before the olympics .
he spoke out after sir john also warned against brexit being dictated by the ` ` tyranny of the majority '' .
dani sposi : ` ` we had loads of people coming into the copper box on sunday and asking about handball .
the sky blue car has been described by auctioneers as ` ` extravagant and outrageous - a rolling sculpture '' .
some of the attackers - including suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud , who died in a police raid in paris last week - had lived in brussels .
` ` i felt like i played quite well , but not spectacular , '' said garcia , whose masters triumph at augusta in april was his first major title .
so , it 's certainly a timely moment to highlight the contribution of cetaceans to life on earth .
shares in the embattled electronics firm sharp rose 9.4 % on new reports it was close to a deal with taiwan 's foxconn .
here are some of your pictures from the 26 beaches ranked as scotland 's ` ` most excellent '' for water quality .
it re - opened to pedestrians after a Â # 5 m project , which also exposed a section of the river roch in the town .
the british astronaut has been up there for six weeks , but took time out to speak to children and share some experiments .
second half begins macclesfield town 1 , hartlepool united 0 .
uber is available in more than 40 cities in china .
the disappearance of flight mh370 exposed weaknesses in worldwide air navigation systems .
below are some of the main points from greece 's list of reforms - contained in a letter from the greek government to its european partners - alongside analysis and comment from bbc economics correspondent andrew walker .
the site has successfully funded
the university , which owns the buildings , and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments .
keith house , the leader of eastleigh borough council , which had been in talks to join the solent combined authority -lrb- sca -rrb- , said the bid was ` ` almost certainly dead '' , but fareham borough council leader sean woodward urged the government to ` ` press ahead '' with the deal .
we will carefully consider any representations from pfizer and flynn pharma before deciding whether the law has been infringed . , ''   said ann pope , cma senior director of anti - trust enforcement .
so far they ' ve spotted shrimp , jellyfish and black pillow lava from an underwater eruption .
the gross family lawyer asked at a pre - hearing in october that the inquest should cover whether there was any failure by the authorities to implement statutory safeguards to protect the public under article 2 of the european convention on human rights - the right to life .
she was not the only author to be taken aback by the surprise award , because the prizes have no submission process .
the 29-year - old made 37 appearances for the sky blues last season as they were relegated from league one .
on thursday , the european court of justice judgement ruled those without a fixed or habitual office should consider the time they spend travelling between their homes and the premises of their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day .
however , the alarm was declared to be a hoax following a thorough search .
the us has warned that the situation for iraq 's minority groups threatens to become a ` ` humanitarian catastrophe '' .
triathlon , which consisted of a 1.5 km swim , 40 km cycle and 10 km run in the european games , is one of three sports included in baku 2015 which have direct qualification possibilities for next year 's olympics in brazil .
hodson started his career at watford and played 51 games in three seasons at mk dons after a loan at brentford .
` ` the welsh liberal democrats would instead invest in apprenticeships and training , which will actually give young people professional skills and help them get on in life . ''
the last print edition of the independent will be published on saturday 26 march , while the last independent on sunday will be on 20 march .
the afi 's lifetime achievement award is considered one of the highest honours in the us for a film actor .
seeing the man in distress , pc barker ran up the building 's fire escape steps before catching him just as he tried to throw himself to the ground .
they told investigators they had stabbed their victim in ` ` dedication '' to slender man , a fictional horror website character .
maguire , who qualified by reaching the china open semi - finals , said he had tried everything to ` ` fire myself up '' for his 13th successive appearance at the crucible .
abdou , who joined millwall from plymouth in 2008 , signed a new one - year deal to stay with lions until the end of next season on thursday .
van gaal , 65 , has been out of work since being sacked by united hours after winning the fa cup in may 2016 .
` ` anna was just 23 when she was told she had a brain tumour .
they were taken from a locked cabinet in a room that was closed to the public due to a wedding at the house .
asked if saturday 's opponents have scrummaged illegally during the tournament , england head coach eddie jones said : ` ` 100 % .
brantano , along with jones bootmaker , was bought by retail investment firm alteri investors in october from dutch - based macintosh retail group .
this really could have been revolutionary but two years later the court of arbitration for sport changed the compensation equation by adding pro rata slices of the initial transfer fee and an estimate of the player 's replacement cost .
i hereby notify the european council in accordance with article 50 -lrb- 2 -rrb- of the treaty on european union of the united kingdom 's intention to withdraw from the european union .
she said : ` ` i ' m sure that the suffragettes would have been delighted to know that nearly 100 years on the tiny sapling they planted has become the scottish tree of the year . ''
earlier this year it was announced a new study would look at the possibility of extending the borders railway .
legislation allows the permanent secretary in the department of finance to take control if a budget act has not been passed at least three working days before the end of the financial year .
gids , based in north london , is the nhs 's dedicated gender identity development service for children and takes referrals from gps , paediatricians , mental health services and schools across the country .
he is the 14th and final person to be put before the courts as a result of the mass arrests , police said .
in a statement , mansfield district council said it welcomed responsible cyclists to the town to view the race , but with care and consideration .
five things about japan 's emperor :
sunai phasuk , human rights watch 's senior researcher in asia , said the decision to cancel the report 's launch was ` ` very disappointing '' .
schools in wiltshire , cumbria and clackmannanshire introduced a ban on conkers over fears the horse chestnuts could trigger anaphylactic reactions .
the 27-year - old pleaded not guilty at durham crown court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming .
as a football fan and a woman , i believe the nfl needs to take a good , hard look at the way it has handled the epidemic of violence that has rocked the league and the nation .
prop nicky smith is also available after injury for a match coach steve tandy expects to be one to savour .
he was , in effect , dead at that time . ''
the bombay stock exchange has sought clarification from tata on the contents of mr mistry 's letter .
his father is also charged with tampering with records in ohio so he could obtain a driver 's licence in 2012 .
it brings to 41 the number of israelis killed in knife , gun and car - ramming attacks since october 2015 .
third energy has licences to produce gas in north yorkshire and offshore in the north sea .
` ` most of the growth in the use of cloud services is happening at the bottom end of the market , '' he said .
the exotic creatures exhibition in the prince regent gallery runs until 28 february 2016 .
` ` the players are excited to defend the trophy and work towards going beyond the achievement of previous years , '' said coach jason strange .
the us trade deficit however increased by 10 % as the stronger dollar led to decreasing exports .
nurses will be offered accommodation at wexham park hospital in slough , frimley park near camberley and heatherwood hospital in ascot .
even though their former leader has been shown on television in a recorded ` ` confession '' , the villagers of wukan think these are trumped up charges to shut down an effective campaigner .
speaking to the bbc earlier in the day , the band 's guitarist richard reed - parry said they had enjoyed soaking up the glastonbury atmosphere on friday .
hundreds of french mosques are taking part in the open - house event , dubbed a ` ` brotherly cup of tea '' .
when the sergeant tried to intervene , the defendant allegedly drove his car at the officer , forcing him to get out of the way .
one in 100 babies born at bedford hospital in 2015 displayed signs of neonatal abstinence syndrome .
the force said a 37-year - old man was arrested on suspicion of her murder on saturday .
this weekend 's match is the centenary of the first meeting between the two sides , and with leicester arriving as champions there is no doubt which club is in the ascendancy at the moment .
a national trust spokesman said : ` ` the national trust is opposed to fracking on its land and will reject any fracking requests or inquiries .
the nmf said south africa 's democracy was now under a ` ` real threat '' , with key government institutions being used to advance ` ` private interests '' .
the schools that are still operating have not been identified , although some are believed to be in birmingham and london .
the contraband had become lodged on the 60 ft -lrb- 18 m -rrb- roof after attempts were made to throw it over the prison walls .
this is the first music video to be published since the launch of snapchat 's ` ` discover '' service .
preparatory work began in february 2015 following planning approval by oxford city council .
` ` my understanding is that this man 's name has appeared on a list on social media , a list that contains eight names and photographs of people , '' he said .
torquay united 1 , north ferriby united 0 .
brady had told the tribunal he used ` ` method acting '' to trick doctors into classing him as insane so he could be transferred from prison to hospital .
sure walk - or students united for rape elimination - provides students of the university of texas at austin with ` ` volunteer companionship while walking home from campus '' .
the car was described as being a five - door saloon , which was possibly a navy colour .
in the group of those who will be standing in africa in 2017 is donald trump .
cambridge united 1 , morecambe 2 .
` ` the conservative party has instead promoted personal attacks as a core component of its national campaign .
find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .
a former member of jersey 's rnli has said there will be a protest held on sunday .
` ` i have no doubt that the extreme political , union and media campaign waged against this company has not only damaged its reputation and influenced our customers , it has impacted negatively on the morale of our people , '' he said .
former us attorney for arizona paul charlton said he was fired in a 2006 purge at the justice department in part because he pushed back against the policy of not recording interrogations .
glan clwyd hospital in bodelwyddan had a two - star ` ` improvement is necessary '' rating in may in a report warning of major non - compliance with regulations .
mr feliciano was the only candidate for the post of president of the human rights and minority commission .
once a person says in principle they would like to vote for your candidate , you can check that they have gone to vote at all .
this art of dark matter map - making is in a golden age .
the portraits of prominent black bristolians will be painted on houses or prominent buildings along the route of the st pauls carnival procession .
the northern ireland health and social care board has announced measures to boost gp out - of - hours services and promote alternatives to turning up at a&e .
the royal british legion said the aim of the campaign was to challenge common perceptions .
he was airlifted to derriford hospital after the collision on 29 january but died on monday .
coastguard officers conducted a search on foot of the waterfront area close to the bridge .
he will go up against 100 m and 200 m world - record holder usain bolt in both events at august 's world championships in beijing .
` ` every country , not unreasonably , is alive to the opportunities that brexit provides , but the french go further , making a virtue of rejecting a partnership model with britain and seemingly happy to see outcomes detrimental to the city of london even if paris is not the beneficiary . ''
newsnight understands the plans were put forward to the pensions regulator for approval , but this was never granted .
the appeal process meant the 28-year - old irishman was free to play in tuesday 's 1 - 0 win over hamilton , which took the dons five points clear at the top of the premiership .
the girl , aged 15 at the time , had met a man called david ayrton in a portsmouth garage in the autumn of 2004 .
totti has scored 228 goals for roma , putting him second on the all - time list of leading serie a goalscorers .
mr chapman is charged with rape , four counts of causing or inciting a boy to engage in sexual activity , and two counts of causing or inciting the sexual exploitation of a child .
the 36-year - old former watford and west bromwich albion defender was without a club when he joined blues on a one - month trial deal in september 2012 .
on the opening day of the trial , a jury at teesside crown court heard from one of the complainants who said she was raped on several occasions .
` ` you walk past people sleeping in doorsteps and on park benches .
he had hidden a gun under a beach umbrella and he threw grenades , forcing people to run for their lives .
the three legislators say they agreed to leave the legislature to break the continuing stand - off .
the spinner , who has not played for his country since january 2013 , has now earned a recall for the remainder of new zealand 's test tour of india , following an injury to fellow off - spinner mark craig .
he wrote : ` ` i have been informed that network rail responded that this was due to budgetary reasons and that at the current level of investment it would take 28 years to get the welsh network up to the prescribed standard . ''
barrow owner paul casson has stated cox has a sizeable buy - out clause .
they do n't come out and start slowly , '' gray told bbc scotland .
but roberts is ready to tell his parent club that his own choice would be celtic .
listen to bbc world service 's stumped programme , featuring an interview with kevin pietersen .
` ` the pressure on consumers and the cautious approach to spending by businesses mean that the uk is facing a period of relatively low growth , '' he said .
a lot of the lessons taught are focused on preventing attacks .
england , who opted against enforcing the follow - on on sunday , added 75 runs in nine overs in the morning after resuming on 98 - 1 .
young pled guilty to a careless driving charge at livingston sheriff court .
now the 29-year - old has become one of the youngest people in northern ireland to hold a ministerial portfolio .
partners in the 400th anniversary project include the national theatre , royal shakespeare company , shakespeare 's globe and the bbc .
israel said the security measures were necessary because the weapons used to kill the police had been smuggled on to the compound .
there are also plans to develop the site further with a petrol station and leisure facilities .
asked if mr johnson could lead the conservative party one day , lord heseltine said : ` ` i 'd be very surprised . ''
it also pledged to change the wording of its advertising to avoid safety - related language .
the deal includes an option to buy cyriac at the end of the season .
every 26 december since the tsunami my partner and i take a walk on a beach and reflect on that devastating day .
mccourt , who previously owned the los angeles dodgers , told l'equipe he planned to invest 200 m euros -lrb- # 180 m -rrb- in the club over the next four years .
he plans to invest up to Â # 65 m in the yard , which was the last in britain fully equipped to build merchant ships .
bristol city head coach lee johnson :
nicole ferguson , 27 , from fergleen park in derry , pleaded guilty to stealing the money from the ferryquay street branch of cancer research uk .
rakitic - whose current contract runs until 2019 - has made 145 appearances for barca since his 2014 move from sevilla , scoring 23 goals .
this morning , david davis said that numbers doing the rounds this morning were just ` ` guesswork '' .
the video appears to show agitated rebels kicking and pushing the soldiers or pro - government militiamen , known locally as ` ` shabiha '' , to the ground inside one of the seized buildings .
jesus was hoping to become the third city player to find the net on each of his first three premier league starts , having scored at west ham and two against swansea .
ed miliband has gone the furthest in apologising on behalf of the labour party .
-lsb- the renewable heat incentive scandal -rsb- may have been the excuse but it certainly was n't the cause of the election .
competition among animals for a suitable place to nest could explain why some species are struggling to survive .
media playback is not supported on this device
last month , the assembly rejected a motion calling for the introduction of same - sex marriage in northern ireland .
assou - ekotto has not played for cameroon since the 2014 world cup in brazil when he was involved in an argument with his team - mate benjamin moukandjo and even appeared to headbutt him .
you can watch a video about the iplayer mind control project here .
seam bowler chapple , 40 , has played for the red rose county for more than two decades and led the side throughout moores 's five - year reign .
but confor , which promotes the forestry industry , warns that at least 16,000 hectares - or 40,000 acres - of commercial forest have been lost since 2001 and need to be re - planted to meet needs .
` ` daniel then picked his mother out from a polaroid photograph and stephen went to formally identify daniel 's mum . ''
streaming revenues jumped more than 60 % in 2016 , and accounted for close to a third of label revenues .
he spent 14 years as a player at rangers , before returning as a coach in 2005 .
the vehicles involved were a blue suzuki gsxr motorcycle and a grey toyota hilux .
james welch , legal director of human rights group liberty , said : ` ` the security services consider that they 're entitled to read , listen and analyse all our communications on facebook , google and other us - based platforms .
i want justice for james .
beaulieu convent school in jersey also referred to ` ` worries about alcohol and drug consumption '' at the end of year 11 event for pupils aged 15 - 16 .
michael hefele -lrb- huddersfield town -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
members of the university and college union -lrb- ucu -rrb- are taking part in a two - day national strike which is happening at universities across the uk .
only those who succeed in the online games find out that they have what it takes for a life in the intelligence services .
` ` an 82-year - old woman in the safety of her own home being subjected to such a brutal attack is horrendous . ''
shots were fired from a car near st brendan 's primary school and the victim was hit a number of times .
adrian fatchett , 52 , was injured at a house in highfield avenue , athersley south , said south yorkshire police .
reserve staff have compared her seasons to a tv soap .
newcastle united 2 , barnsley 0 .
` ` nobody can understand the true loss that my children and i have experienced following the discovery that my wife helen has taken her own life .
webb posted a message on social media saying : ` ` really disappointed to be ruled out of the rwc .
italian media report that most of the 15 volunteers detained in ragusa have admitted starting fires deliberately .
but after the panel met it issued a statement saying the final list of leadership candidates would be revealed on wednesday at midday .
` ` it is fantastic that downton continues to be such a phenomenon - still the most popular drama on itv in its fifth series - and we are thrilled to have commissioned a sixth series , '' said steve november , itv 's director of drama commissioning .
` ` to hold a nil lead for warrington , such a fantastic attacking team , was a great plus in the first half .
new japanese prime minister shinzo abe sent envoy fukushiro nukaga to deliver a letter to south korean president - elect park geun - hye .
representatives in new york are preparing a text that could cover everything from establishing marine protected areas to distributing the benefits of valuable biotech products generated from the seas .
cambridge united will host a football family day on 9 october to raise funds .
the man , in his 30s , was found just after 05:00 on wednesday lying on the ground between talisman rise and templar rise in dedridge , livingston .
the gills had agreed to sign defender n'gala , 27 , after he left eastleigh .
the victim died at the scene .
the report said there needed to be ` ` concerted action to promote a safe and secure image of northern ireland , including targeted marketing '' .
` ` we are still calling on people to help us fund taking her case to the european court of human rights because we believe this decision is in violation of her right to family life with her daughter in the uk . ''
given that morocco are ranked only 19th in africa , renard has been set a tough target of at least reaching the 2017 nations cup semi - finals by his new employers .
china has been attempting to shift from an export - led economy to a consumer - led one , although the steep fall in imports suggests domestic demand is not as strong as the government would have hoped .
stourbridge had gone out in round two in three of the previous five seasons .
two of gatland 's wales predecessors and fellow countrymen , sir graham henry and steve hansen , went on to coach the all blacks .
the unfunded british men 's team need a top - seven place at the european championships in forde , which run from 10 to 16 april .
romanian second seed halep swept past france 's caroline garcia 6 - 4 6 - 2 in the last of the quarter - finals .
the new vein has been named the ridley vein after gary ridley , the miner who found it after attempting a new mining method with a stone chainsaw .
` ` i am satisfied that you have lived a lawful and law - abiding life over the last 40 years , '' he added .
it says all non - essential trips to areas with a high risk of malaria should be avoided .
some people are worried hospitals are now getting too busy and overcrowded , meaning patients are having to wait a long time to be seen by a doctor .
` ` i ' m just so happy to get the world record and win a second european gold medal , '' she said .
the hive , home of barnet , hosted arsenal for the 2017 spring series as a new pitch was laid at meadow park .
` ` it 's not about us - they found just 18 left unity members out of the tens of thousands who have signed up to support jeremy corbyn 's anti - austerity , true labour politics . ''
hiddleston 's award was one of three golden globes won by the night manager , which also picked up supporting actor prizes for olivia colman and hugh laurie .
his shooting is understood to be linked to a feud between irish criminal gangs .
robert francis - davies , chairman of gower landscape partnership , said it would be ` ` a coup '' to find the remains .
it says officials have already worked up a new scheme and are awaiting approval from the eu within a month .
the 20-year - old entered no plea and was remanded in custody by plymouth magistrates .
` ` a trip to hull , though , is a different proposition to earlier in the season . ''
` ` i think there is real scope for de - criminalising cannabis , '' he said .
a un spokeswoman in 2009 described the rohingya as ` ` probably the most friendless people in the world '' .
belfast light - welterweight sean mccomb missed out on a bronze medal after losing to england 's luke mccormack in the 64 kg division on wednesday .
the plans will be submitted to gloucester county council next week .
the ruling party - the cndd fdd - was ahead in every province of the country , burundi 's electoral commission announced .
the decline in the unemployment rate came as the number of people outside the labour force - neither working nor looking for work - increased in may .
warriors , who won the game 28 - 26 , must pay # 2,000 in costs for the rfl .
the 58-year - old , who has slipped to 100 in the world rankings , failed to make a half - century break at ponds forge .
what was the ` battle of orgreave ' ?
the military said the girls and women were freed during major operations ending in the seizure of four boko haram camps in the sambisa forest .
hillary clinton refused to address his comments about her husband .
stenson , 41 , said : ` ` i do n't know how many times i ' m going to get as close to playing as well as i did at troon .
prosecutor jonathon dee said a review of accounts found ` ` pretty much consistently over five years the defendant had been stealing from the practice '' .
that would be enough to build 80,000 to 170,000 social homes , the report said .
woods is heading for the dubai desert classic on the european tour where a similar story has been developing .
law 4 of the game , which relates to players ' equipment , will be amended .
usually it is the estate which is liable for iht .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp : ` ` it can not be our job to count points , our job is to get them .
elsewhere in the third round there were wins for glasgow girls , stirling university , hearts , hutchison vale and jeanfield swifts .
full - back : liam williams -lrb- scarlets -rrb- .
in may , barrow gave fellow national league club hartlepool united permission to speak to cox , before pools appointed the new saints boss craig harrison .
however , promoters pcl said the show had been cancelled because ` ` adverse weather conditions '' meant it was ` ` no longer safe '' for the bands to perform .
sundowns now face the possibility of joining the likes of recent champions who have come unstuck in embarrassingly early fashion in defence of their crown .
china continues to face widespread food safety problems .
and last year , the welsh government published its own proposals for a 50p minimum price for a unit of alcohol
manager alan archibald expects to lose bannigan in the summer .
us personnel were already under curfew and observing a 30-day mourning period after a civilian military employee was arrested on suspicion of dumping a local woman 's body last month .
that was everton 's first goal in europe at goodison park since beating sporting lisbon 2 - 1 in february 2010 , and it had the buoyant home crowd hungry for more .
mr tucker has been chief executive of aia for seven years , during which he oversaw the insurer 's expansion in asia .
the onr issued a legal notice to improve after an incident last year in which a worker was contaminated with radiation .
now it 's 2017 is and there 's plenty going on to look forward to !
sheriff alastair carmichael told flynn : ` ` you committed two offences with the intent of being arrested and taken in to the prison sector in possession of heroin .
if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk .
` ` there are three men that officers wish to trace as they were seen in the area near to where the incident took place , and may have seen the suspect or unwittingly witnesses something vital to this investigation .
the bonfire was set alight prematurely last week and the fire service attended to protect nearby homes and property from damage .
officials with the augusta county school district were quick to point out that the study of a region 's religion and language are included in geography lessons .
tom abell and davey fell lbw to rushworth , then onions bowled marcus trescothick as somerset closed on 30 - 3 .
a council spokesman asked that people who want to attend give the authority notice in advance .
mother - of - two donna thresher , from essex , set up the petition and said holiday companies should also be forced to advertise term - time holiday costs when selling trips in the school holidays - allowing customers to see the difference .
that attack target a shopping complex in the mainly shia muslim district of karrada .
that deal was finalised at the beginning of last month and as a result domino 's pizza group is no longer directly operating in germany .
he said : ` ` the manner in which her body was disposed of after her murder is surely the most gruesome .
one iranian man from the group remains in cambodia , along with a fifth refugee who was transferred there late last year .
the council has a labour - led administration .
` ` we are in the market for a centre - half , '' johnson told bbc radio bristol .
` ` to get him for luton is a real coup for the football club , '' hatters boss nathan jones told the club website .
a similar late - night levy was introduced in newcastle - upon - tyne in 2013 .
three members of that team will be missing at the copper box , however , offering gb a chance of revenge .
there have been calls from some mps for the government to offer a unilateral guarantee to eu nationals in the uk , but ministers have said this must form part of a deal with other member states for britons living overseas .
strictly come dancing final is on bbc one at 18:30 on saturday .
the us has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year - which begins on 1 october - compared with the 85,000 refugees it expects by the end of september .
despite this , the media has been quick to point the finger at lubitz 's history of depression .
elsewhere , vice president - elect and trump transition lead mike pence has said he is confident donald trump 's administration can work with democrats .
` ` as such , he will not take any further part in the mumbai test and has been replaced by marais erasmus . ''
the research has been funded by the british heart foundation and the findings published in the journal of cardiovascular translational research .
a care inspectorate report has found that some staff at kingsmead in kingswells were not treating people with ` ` dignity and respect '' .
an employee of the credit card company nets was also convicted .
police chief shahidul hoque made some of the men 's first names public : akash , bikash , don , bandhon and ripon .
developers said the spending on non - residential projects hailed positive news for the jobs market .
a 78-year - old man arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving and failing to stop has been bailed .
workers have now agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining open .
the incident took place as a yacht racing event was being held in the area .
it will be illegal for the scientists to implant the modified embryos into a woman .
maryland and washington are expected to argue that the trump hotel also hurts competing hotels in their jurisdictions .
mourinho is still to win the champions league with chelsea , a competition he has won with porto and inter milan .
he says a mining company and a marine research organisation are now interested in his design and he hopes it might be used at science fairs .
the soldiers , who were in an armoured mastiff vehicle , were unlawfully killed on active service , the coroner ruled .
they sent her a message disguised as a follow - up email from her solicitor , asking for nearly # 50,000 to be paid into their account .
` ` it also gives aggreko an opportunity to further support our rapidly expanding customer base within the shipping , food and beverage and painting and coatings industries . ''
belfast finished fourth in the league standings last season .
hemmings ' match - winning brace against partick thistle took his goals tally to 25 in all competitions this season .
they applied for a visa for her to come to australia .
mcdonald , who was 17 at the time , was armed with a knife when he was stopped by police .
neville is still waiting for a first league win since taking charge of valencia in december .
the road was closed for six hours for the vehicles to be examined and then removed , cumbria police said .
but it hinted at a way forward , saying there is potential for china to enter into ` ` joint developments '' in order to ` ` achieve win - win results '' and peace and stability in the south china sea .
sign - off is legendary in fan circles .
the brexit secretary said that the uk is seeking a ` ` very ambitious '' trade deal with the eu , alongside a customs arrangement .
college baseball player christopher lane , 22 , was shot in the back in the town of duncan on friday .
her passport was issued at the end of august after she contacted a law firm specialising in intellectual property law and said she would take legal action unless her application was approved .
the business minister said after its first meeting on 2 october : ` ` the task force will also consider how to support longer term sustainable employment in the wider area .
but as we leap forward to november 2016 , and mr johnson 's words of welcome for a ` ` positive '' trump presidency , it 's time to take a look back at some of the other occasions boris johnson has changed his mind .
` ` it is our biggest commitment in terms of coverage of the diamond league on network television . ''
as a fluent irish speaker and advocate of the language , lally had roles in several irish language films .
the indian government subsequently also sought penalties of up to 100 % of the original bill .
friend , who cut his face , was treated in the tunnel before being taken to hospital , where he stayed overnight .
kenya 's security forces deny charges they have been killing ethnic somalis .
the 500 and 1,000 rupee notes are the highest denomination notes in the country and are extremely common in india .
please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week .
before : his vow to build a wall along the us - mexican border was one of the most controversial of mr trump 's campaign promises .
owner derek beaumont has relinquished the head of rugby position because of his business commitments .
the a713 was re - opened around 18:45 hours .
bath confirmed on friday that they had ` ` settled on agreeable terms '' to allow rugby league convert burgess to return to the 13-man code and rejoin australian side south sydney rabbitohs .
the governing body took the decision to switch the club 's membership to ok bulls ltd after khan 's group bought the club from the administrators in august .
the three - time world cup winner is selling all three of his winner 's medals at auction , along with more than 2,000 items of personal memorabilia .
the installation is part of a nationwide tour of poppies from the artwork blood swept lands and seas of red , which was unveiled in london in july 2014 .
` ` however , if the scheme is approved by gonw and the scheme is not called in for review , then the application will be referred back to the council .
the four drove a vehicle into the compound in karakax county , and set off explosives that killed one person and injured three others , they said .
two more birdies at the 15th and 17th wiped out hoffman 's lead , although the ryder cup stalwart missed a six - foot birdie putt on the last to take the outright clubhouse lead .
martin did n't race at the north west 200 after team - mate john mcguinness crashed in practice and he will not compete in next month 's ulster grand prix .
asked by bbc political editor laura kuenssberg whether they would ` ` still be neighbours '' after the general election - the chancellor 's official residence is 11 downing street - mrs may said : ` ` i think it 's true to say that the chancellor and i and every other member of my team are focused on 8 june . ''
but it criticises other leaders , including those of turkey , hungary and the philippines , who it says have used narratives of fear , blame and division .
the country 's largest union , the national union of metalworkers of south africa -lrb- numsa -rrb- , claims that more than 200,000 members are striking .
he told radio 4 's the world at one that disney has been successful at selling itself by doing things ` ` in an ambivalent way '' .
cook made an unbeaten half - century against the tourists for south africa a in a warm - up match before the series .
hood will join his former leeds team - mate ben jones - bishop at the red devils next season .
world junior champion summers , who won youth olympic silver in 2014 , secured the last automatic qualification place in the first of the combined heats .
last september , pro - government protesters attacked the offices of the daily hurriyet , accusing the paper of misquoting president erdogan .
` ` i look forward to joining dundee united .
relegated villa were leading 2 - 1 at vicarage road before two late goals from watford captain troy deeney .
hadleigh parkes ' score - following a superb break by rhys patchell 30 seconds after the break - clinched the bonus point and the game .
russian president vladimir putin was quick to call his turkish counterpart , recep tayyip erdogan , to offer condolences after thursday 's air strike , which also wounded 11 turkish soldiers .
the company 's flotation on the nasdaq stock exchange had initially raised a less - than - expected $ 286 m -lrb- Â # 170 m -rrb- .
half - back fages had resigned from the club and will now be allowed to leave .
the course spent # 1.5 m on changes after two horses were fatally injured in each of the grand nationals of 2011 and 2012 .
the chief constable accepted they also show south yorkshire police -lrb- syp -rrb- had failed the victims and families on the day of the disaster and the police lost control .
the associated press news agency first reported the us military was weighing a potential transfer to civilian prison , citing unnamed pentagon sources .
the woman was in her 30s but her name has not yet been released .
the incident comes just days after 16 palestinian pilgrims from the west bank were killed when their bus crashed in jordan on its way to saudi arabia .
in december , frozen became itunes ' biggest - selling movie of all time , while the soundtrack sold more than any other album in the us in 2014 .
a ` ` tiger team '' set up by esa and the russian space agency -lrb- roscosmos -rrb- , and which included european and russian industries , could find no solutions to recover lost time .
the third seed , who received a bye in the first round , beat the american wildcard 6 - 3 6 - 1 in just over an hour .
the sagitaire and the saint christophe were rescued in the early hours at town quay , dartmouth , where they had taken refuge from storms .
smith also praised judy murray 's tennis programmes but said the mother of british number one andy and doubles specialist jamie ` ` needs a lot of help '' .
their tie with argentina will be played on 16 - 18 september .
mr mckay said : ` ` nama have a responsibility to come before the committee to answer questions and it is disappointing that michael noonan has so far not responded .
so , it 's perhaps surprising that the singer let us tag along as she kicked off the new series of later ... with jools holland .
the number of people accepting welfare advice rose from 5,527 to 5,790 , and the charity rehomed more than 1,750 animals across wales .
recent surveys by both the halifax and nationwide have suggested that house price growth has already cooled since the stamp duty changes came into effect .
his party had asked ministers how many schools and academy trusts , which run chains of schools , were in debt .
he said he expected there to be dialogue between the two groups in the run - up to the official decision and boris johnson was ` ` spot on '' to argue the issue could not be allowed to become a distraction .
but boss justin edinburgh said the club were unable to ` ` get comfortable '' with his commitments to dr congo .
second half ends , aberdeen 0 , rangers 3 .
there are several ranks for those wishing to become a fully - fledged jedi knight :
michael salmon , 30 , used his position as freelance producer of a show , ` ` cosy '' , at cardiff 's millennium centre , to obtain grants .
jules bianchi joined marussia in 2013 and raced in 34 grands prix , scoring two championship points in last year 's monaco grand prix .
edward hardy , who has dementia and lives in a care home in wookey , somerset , played for decades but had not touched the keyboard for nearly 25 years .
mr smith will be battling angela eagle for the anti - corbyn vote .
south wales police said david ellis , 40 , his lodger , has been arrested in ireland .
the rbl said it could not be exact but that mrs cooke was ` ` one of our longest - standing poppy collectors '' .
the ship was about 27 km -lrb- 17 miles -rrb- from mallorca when the fire broke out on tuesday afternoon on one of the car decks .
a 17-year - old female passenger is in a critical but stable condition in ninewells hospital following the crash on camperdown park 's , main drive .
dover athletic 1 , tranmere rovers 4 .
michael sandford , 20 , from dorking , surrey , was accused of trying to grab a police officer 's gun to shoot mr trump at a las vegas rally on 18 june .
meanwhile it might be premature to assume that a secret ballot dooms speaker bercow .
making a murderer investigated the killing of ms halbach , whose charred remains were found at avery 's car salvage yard a week after she went there to photograph a minivan for sale , and the subsequent court cases .
his rivals are becoming increasingly frustrated as mr trump continues to dominate the media coverage of the crowded republican race .
barry middleton has been named in the gb men 's squad for the fourth time .
glamorgan rested in - form south africa batsman colin ingram , who missed the first six weeks of the season because of a knee problem .
karen seldon , 44 , of abercarn , caerphilly county , was cleared of four counts of sexual activity with a minor at newport crown court .
we face tough choices in the coming days .
mr trump has said he wants to start building the much - touted wall on the shared border from the first day of his presidency , and that mexico will pay for it .
` ` as it stands i ' m still a gb boxer , still in camp but in the near future i will be turning professional , '' he said .
the child was then placed with 35-year - old downer as the legal guardian in january 2015 .
the bbc understands no proposals to preserve the ships have been submitted .
according to reports , the fcc will allow a fast lane for data - heavy services when new rules are published in may .
but experts suggest it could be partly due to hormones protecting women from heart disease .
the prehistoric forest lay undiscovered until it was exposed by the extreme storms along the east of england coast in december 2013 .
the man has been charged with two counts of criminal damage , disorderly behaviour and of assault on police .
although there are already a number of schemes for perpetrators of domestic violence , the drive project is intended to be different .
mr swinney said the stats were ` ` good news '' in light of recruitment ` ` challenges '' in some areas .
parliamentary elections are also held in north korea , and they decide who rules the country - which is always a foregone conclusion .
jacqueline carol lloyd , 46 , died after being struck by an out - of - service bus on butts lane , southport , at about 23:50 bst on 17 may 2015 .
mr temer , 75 , has now taken over as president for up to 180 days - the maximum time allowed for the impeachment trial of ms rousseff , 68 .
john booth from reading friends of the earth said smart motorways are not the solution to congestion .
lethal weapon joins films like rush hour , uncle buck , training day and minority report in being remade for tv .
the international labour organisation says turkey has the third - highest rate of workplace accidents in the world .
the # 10.25 m loan was originally given to the club for the re - development of its sixfields stadium .
` ` but we ' ve underachieved by a country mile . ''
in the past few days , comparisons have been drawn between bilkis bano 's case and that of the 2012 gang - rape and murder of a 23-year - old student on a bus in the indian capital , delhi .
tynan began her career at liverpool feds , spent six years at everton 's centre of excellence and was playing for women 's premier league side fylde ladies .
but he said the only solution to controlling immigration was to leave the eu - which ukip campaigns for .
auctioneer nigel kirk , of mellors and kirk , said the victorians were ` ` very keen on prams '' .
the devonshire and dorset regimental association said a ` ` substantial amount '' of the Â # 140,000 cost had been raised .
crystal palace , who are nicknamed the eagles , adopted kayla as a mascot in 2010 .
the lawyer was well - known in the city 's italian community and his body was found outside a cafe he owned .
on thursday , president farmajo offered the militants an amnesty at the same time as declaring war on the group .
` ` it will be daunting but we will have to use everything we have used in league one to play like the underdog and try to attract characters that will embrace the sort of season it will be here .
` ` many are unable to be handled without a high risk of further damage and are therefore inaccessible to scrutiny , celebration , digitisation and study , '' he said .
under the scheme , towns and cities across the north can apply for grants of up to # 4 m per project via the northern cultural regeneration fund .
he also said that on the campaign trail people wanted to know what plaid was going to do about the nhs and that people ` ` did not see the strengths '' of its arguments .
the video has gone viral , with more than 1,300 shares and 114,000 views on social media .
mcdowell is not the only go - to ryder cup man of the past on the outside looking in at present .
the technology lets people physically feel the buttons displayed on a touchscreen , which could help drivers keep their eyes on the road .
research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth .
the life - saving services are each to receive a part of the # 5 m paid to the government in libor fines .
in his blog , mr thompson wrote that for bbc persian staff , ` ` interference and harassment from the iranian authorities has become a challenging fact of life '' .
those were all important for ulster - scots enthusiasts at the ullans centre in ballymoney , county antrim - a hub for the ulster - scots language , music , dance and history .
leicester play their first ever champions league match on wednesday , when they go to club brugge in their group g opener -lrb- 19:45 bst kick - off -rrb- .
genetic tests had already ruled out the claim of a man in jail in colorado who said he was prince 's son .
home minister rajnath singh promised that the government would do ` ` whatever it takes to make sure mr jadhav gets justice '' .
what 's more , the revenue outlook for the next three months indicates we can expect the first fall in sales since the iphone 's 2007 launch .
the scottish fire and rescue service initially said one of the three - believed to be teenagers - made it ashore , and efforts were being made to reach the other two who were stranded on an island in the river .
` ` it is specifically for the swift repair of flood defences and to help ensure the safety of people , homes and businesses in at - risk areas .
chester fc 3 , dagenham and redbridge 0 .
although moody 's is the first of the big three ratings agencies to make an official change to its position on the uk post - referendum , the financial times reported on friday that standard & poor 's considers its current top rating for the uk as ` ` no longer tenable '' .
here are the full results .
in research carried out for the bbc , the rate - checking firm savings champion recorded 1,440 savings rate cuts last year and more than 230 so far this year .
fife , 25 , won the last of his six caps at the end of the 2015 six nations but has largely figured for the scotland sevens side this year .
in 1977 , it set a new record after robert horne drove the car 192 mph over a flying mile .
` ` whatever the reason , the economic aircraft appears to be losing speed on the runway .
in northern ireland , by contrast , 12.6 % of pupils said they were not satisfied with their lives .
there was no physical injury , but it must have been a frightening and traumatic incident for those in the post office at the time . ''
for 20 years choudary has been the police 's headache - now he is the prison service 's .
` ` these scenarios give unrealistic and grossly misleading impact figures -lsb- on fish -rsb- , '' the briefing adds .
the bodies were found on sunday , but no identities have been released .
the hearings , part of the goddard inquiry into child sexual abuse , were due to start in september but have been put back because of other inquiries .
this is the kind of unfettered , credible election that democrats want for the chief executive , hong kong 's highest official .
mr cazeneuve said he would sue for defamation over the ` ` grave accusations '' .
taylor told bbc radio kent : ` ` if the chairman picked up the phone and said ` peter , that 's it , you 're not having any longer ' i would totally understand .
thousands attended the early morning service at hyde park corner and up to 400 people took part in a parade before the wreath - laying at the cenotaph .
` ` there 's always spanish and german teams in the semi - finals , the odd time an italian or english team but that 's it .
` ` people may be surprised to learn just how wide the variety of materials we 're able to recycle in surrey is . ''
the jerusalem planning and housing committee had indicated it would press ahead with a planned vote on authorising 492 new homes in the settlements of ramat shlomo and ramot .
going forward , i can confirm that all crew members will be paid at least the minimum wage . ''
they were given the all - clear after lawyers for mr rea confirmed their final bid to secure a block had been turned down .
the uk border agency has insisted the civil servants will be properly trained .
it said a vote in favour of the bill would signal to the government that ` ` now is the time time to lower the drink - driving limit '' .
this is the third time in six years that parts of the llanwern steel processing plant have been mothballed because of market conditions .
a police spokesman said : ` ` investigators believe the body is likely to have been there for some considerable amount of time , possibly months or years . ''
cook , 25 , scored 25 goals in the national league last season , helping the bluebirds to a mid - table finish .
moyle , 24 , can play at full - back , wing or fly - half , and made his pirates debut in 2012 .
mps gave their support in principle to gay marriage in february but are now discussing proposed amendments on monday and tuesday amid calls from some conservatives for the government to focus on other priorities .
an mp has also proposed a bill to impose a similar ban on expensive weddings across india .
a spokesperson for belfast pcsp said : ` ` it 's encouraging that the ` drug dealers do n't care ' campaign would appear to be having some impact in helping to tackle the scourge of drugs on our streets and in our communities .
` ` this is the fourth plant that we ' ve investigated in this manner , '' said charles cantrell , a research chemist who works for the us department of agriculture .
the church says the masonry around the window must be replaced .
liverpool will insist on # 30 m for france defender mamadou sakho , who had a spell at crystal palace last term .
clywodd y rheithgor fod na ` ` anrhefn enfawr '' ar ddiwedd y diwrnod ysgol .
on tuesday , they went to a meeting of belfast city council to ask for support in fighting the cuts .
a man and a teenager have been re - arrested on suspicion of offences under the dangerous dogs act .
somerset looked set for a much bigger lead as trescothick and jim allenby 's hundred partnership took them to 379 - 4 and within 22 of the hosts .
the branding involved respraying the 116 imported passenger buses and adding portraits of the current president john mahama , his three immediate predecessors and ghana 's first head of state , kwame nkrumah .
the first british soldier died , the woman said , after a german soldier ran through her garden to shoot him .
strauss , who will start at number eight against ireland on saturday , says the scotland players want to send cotter out on a high .
after losing a power struggle against henri konan bedie , who became president , mr ouattara returned to the imf , eventually becoming deputy managing director .
scott kelly and kjell lindgren had to grease the station 's big robot arm , re - route some cables and remove some insulation .
verheydt , who had been with maastricht since 2015 , has signed a three - year contract with harry kewell 's side .
there are six astronauts currently in space on the 45th expedition to the international space centre .
paul paton -lrb- st .   johnstone -rrb- is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
he became an mp for the port city of kismayo in somalia 's jubbaland region after an electoral college chose him ahead of a government minister who had been on the political scene for more than two decades .
a psychologist told the inquest he believed ms zunde suffered a memory lapse called ` ` forgotten baby syndrome '' .
as to the fundamental question - can the iraqi military actually win against islamic state ?
novaya gazeta says it amounts to a call for ` ` reprisals against journalists '' .
new york city agreed to the museum 's request in 1970 to charge an admission fee - so long as the amount was left up to individuals and the signage reflected that .
` ` the suspect had no thought for the staff member or the customer who thankfully was not injured in the incident .
watson , the world number 55 , won her second wta tour title at the hobart international in january .
the 24-year - old 's fifth album , 1989 , was released last week and has topped the album charts in the uk .
ola jordan partnered tv wildlife expert steve backshall in the latest series of strictly , but was voted off the show in november .
in addition president bashir has also appointed governors for sudan 's 18 states in what he has vowed will be a ` ` new page '' for his country ,
guardiola , who arrived at the club at the start of july , said the player 's fitness is ` ` much better now '' and added : ` ` last season , he was injured in the season .
rovers were fined # 5,000 for their players ' response to the incident .
` ` we stand here collectively to confirm that we did take part in a bonding exercise during which members of the relay team took stilnox , '' the six swimmers said .
fiji 's vijay singh , 52 , who is hoping to become the oldest winner on the pga tour , is four off the lead after a one - under round of 69 .
the aim of the scheme was to increase bank lending by up to # 70bn .
with a population of fewer than 5,000 , nearly one in 10 people in south cave expressed opposition to the plans by gladman developments .
she has been a staunch defender of south africa 's liberal constitution , keeping a check on the leading anc party 's overwhelming power .
scotrail said the glasgow queen street station tunnel would be closed from 20 march until 8 august .
meanwhile two us - led air strikes were carried out against is positions in the east of kobane .
a # 200m - a - year cancer drug fund was set up in england in 2011 .
manchester united captain wayne rooney is overlooked for the first time in the competition 's 12-year history .
` ` the other day when it was cold and he stayed indoors , a member of sainsbury 's staff messaged me to ask where he was , which was very sweet .
northern ireland manager o'neill was impressed by macphee 's performance analysis work in paisley and soon brought him into the international set - up .
` ` by putting the trust into special measures we can ensure they turn things around quickly .
thousands of animals , many of them endangered , are part of the count which is required by law as part of the zoo 's licence .
` ` we 're delighted to be visiting leicester this year as part of the coca - cola christmas truck tour , '' it said in a statement .
a flat - screen television and other electrical items were stolen from the house .
obituary : shimon peres , israeli founding father
sasson later revealed his coaches had warned him el shehaby might refuse to shake his hand .
west brom will not be making any comment on the matter .
` ` he had been complaining of headaches for the last few weeks but we put it down to migraines with the stress of his fight .
the status of eu citizens working in the uk is likely to be top of the agenda in formal brexit talks .
they brought the test case to the high court , claiming the delay was unlawful .
an annual progress report will monitor how many more adults and children have been encouraged to take up walking or cycling .
the cassini spacecraft conducted a fly - through of the plumes , helping to provide the data that has led scientists to believe the planet could hold life .
marta won five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006 - 2010 and has finished in the top three of the voting in every year from 2004 - 2014 .
hamilton academical 2 , inverness ct 0 .
almost 80,000 passengers and crew have sailed into belfast this year on 43 different tourist ships .
kim beazley , who has has been australia 's ambassador to the united states since 2010 , will be replaced by mr hockey in january .
the americans and the briton received the honour in august 2015 .
ms kells said she wants to help free a man who has been imprisoned for involvement in the crime .
zynga - the company behind online games like farmville and words with friends - was one of those whose share price changed dramatically in the glitch .
it will be targeted at customers spending more than 5 % of their income on water bills .
people will judge the lib dems on their record of broken promises and failure .
instead it 's been about her music , her age and whether she 's been banned from the radio 1 playlist .
a statement from the north east counter terrorism unit said : ` ` we understand that people may be concerned following today 's arrests .
the full list of the branches to close are :
but they are not very convenient to carry up a hill . ''
the landslide , which happened during work to repair the road , caused eight homes to be evacuated .
the four human players are matched against libratus , an artificial intelligence program developed at carnegie mellon university 's -lrb- cmu -rrb- school of computer science .
britain has done better when it has played its traditional role as a bridge between the two continents : seeking to manage america 's swings between isolationism and interventionism while at the same time reassuring europe that the us could be more than just a brash nato ally .
match ends , macclesfield town 0 , dover athletic 0 .
but of course , there is a long line of people behind him who have been fired or eased out of their jobs by president trump .
hodgson warned they must not get carried away after victory in germany - and , in case anyone ignored the warning , along comes a defeat against a dutch team that will not even be in france this summer .
the couple will continue to fundraise and help projects until summer 2017 .
they are being held under section 5 of the terrorism act 2006 , on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts .
the man arrested on sunday is being held at a police station in south london .
obviously negotiations are to and fro , but the offer is on the table and will stay on the table .
the health board said it had to cancel some ` ` non - urgent planned operations '' on tuesday and will review wednesday 's operations during the day .
hong kong - based ygm trading , which bought it for # 15 m four years ago , said aquascutum is due to be sold in march 2017 to two buyers .
relive how west brom beat stoke here
the random and unpredictable nature of these flashes were particularly problematic , he added , as the animals could not easily adapt to them .
` ` it will support up to 12,000 jobs during construction and thousands more permanent highly skilled roles once the new power plants are operational , as well as stimulating exciting new industrial investments in the uk 's nuclear supply chain .
` ` i do n't hear any call for the justice minister to stand down , '' he said .
animal tb is caused by mycobacterium bovis , which is a different infection to human tb caused by mycobacterium tuberculosis .
the abuse is reported to have taken place at overseal manor school in derbyshire between 1979 and 1985 .
care not killing convener dr gordon macdonald said : ` ` the scottish parliament overwhelmingly rejected an attempt by margo macdonald to legalise euthanasia and assisted suicide in 2010 .
the development had been approved by communities secretary eric pickles following a public inquiry after concerns about its impact on nearby town centres .
he went missing in january this year hunting for a $ 2 m -lrb- Â # 1.5 m -rrb- trove hidden by art dealer and author forrest fenn .
collectively , they are on the market for offers of around # 12.6 m , with individual guide prices of # 4.8 m for blackpool central , # 3.3 m for blackpool south and # 4.5 m for llandudno pier .
out of the 228 candidates , 70 are women .
but france 's timetable to withdraw most of its forces by the end of the year has slipped .
however , the four men who were found liable subsequently launched appeals .
officers cordoned off an area of the park as part of their investigation , and were believed to be following a positive line of inquiry .
the teenager has also been charged with a number of other driving offences including driving whilst disqualified , failing to stop and report a collision and using a motor vehicle without insurance .
the cartoon , by prominent artist jonathan shapiro , known as zapiro , also features a poem , which refers to mr zuma as a ` ` dick '' .
on granting the listed status , mr penrose said the aerodrome was a ` ` poignant reminder of the conditions in which they were working '' .
mr cameron was told on wednesday morning his father was seriously ill after suffering a stroke and heart complications .
dozens of mental health patients were said to have walked out of a hospital in nairobi during the strike .
iwonder : a brief history of stephen hawking
she was among 13 people arrested at the demonstration , which was part of continuing protests against the introduction of water charges in ireland .
the iceland lorry ended up in the grounds of st john 's church following the crash on woodfield street , morriston , at about 04:50 bst on wednesday .
` ` we sat him in the back of our police car and waited for a colleague in a van to collect the mobility scooter and then we delivered scooter and driver back home to his warden - assisted accommodation in crawley . ''
` ` he does n't understand what it takes to be someone who wins grand slams at this level and that is unfortunate , '' mcenroe added .
she added : ` ` the provisions relating to early release and licence should be left out of the picture when determining sentence .
the bill provides for life imprisonment for homosexual acts and also makes it a crime not to report gay people .
the check will be taken by year 6 pupils in the spring of 2019 - the cohort currently in year 4 - alongside their national curriculum tests , known as sats tests .
` ` i was literally jumping for joy , '' the 62-year - old grandfather said .
man of the match david miller told bbc wales sport :
` ` it 's hundreds of thousands of man - hours every year ... it 's restored the landscape , '' said mr conway .
but devon and cornwall police was criticised after boasting officers tweeted about their victory .
it 's disappointing as we could have been in contention in the final . ''
in a change to plans submitted two years ago , hs2 ltd has proposed that the construction of five further platforms within the existing station should be delayed .
the big question after the death of cornelius gurlitt is what becomes of the paintings he possessed in secret .
the company , which already employs 80 staff , is looking to create the new jobs in the glasgow and lanarkshire areas as part of an expansion drive .
in truth therefore the imf is highlighting that whoever leads the next government may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending a bit more than currently planned .
everything is going on according to plan ... the consultants are very happy with their progress . ''
the 23-year - old has scored 24 tries in 37 appearances for the wolves .
other surveys showed activity in china 's factory sector shrank in september on fewer new orders , sparking fears the chinese economy may be slowing down more rapidly than expected .
ben arfa , a 27-year - old france international winger , has spent the past three seasons on tyneside , having joined the magpies from marseille in january 2011 following a successful loan spell .
a statement issued through his lawyer confirmed the split : ` ` chris rock has filed for divorce from his wife , malaak .
thousands of people have been left homeless .
` ` that 's what the council asked to be put on this building , but that 's not what was discovered on this building when the tests were carried out .
those partaking in binge - watching run the risk of dadbod , one of ten in the word of the year list .
` ` it 's a joy to report that daniel radcliffe plays rosencrantz with all the confidence of a man who has no idea who he is , '' she said .
maddison 's stunning strike left rangers in the bottom half of the table , with just two wins from their seven league outings , but warburton insists his team are moving in the right direction .
the system also does not check that data was coming from where it claimed , he said .
but there 's a suggestion that using this type of -lsb- tv signal -rsb- ` radar ' might overcome these issues . ''
in february , after five years of work , the us and 11 other nations signed up to the trans - pacific partnership -lrb- tpp -rrb- , one of the biggest multinational trade deals ever .
` ` drone users have to understand that when taking to the skies they are potentially flying close to one of the busiest areas of airspace in the world . ''
foreign exchange scandals have rocked the international markets over the past ten years and now it 's south africa 's turn to host one .
` ` there is a danger that the aggressive nature of debates on the subject of britain 's vote to leave the european union is likely to worsen any tensions which exist in welsh society , '' mr davies said in his letter to ms jones .
` ` i ' ve worked with drew before and he 's a fantastic signing , '' portsmouth assistant manager leam richardson told the portsmouth website .
the inspection of the emergency department and two of the hospital 's medical wards was in response to concerns about the standards of care .
criterium du dauphine stage two result :
team sky has since accepted ` ` mistakes were made '' over how medical records relating to the package were kept but denied breaking anti - doping rules .
all that has been lost through his freak fall at his rental home and the damage done to his back .
the nigg energy park , also on the cromarty firth , is also being used for the construction of the wind farm .
however we would be concerned if any small businesses who play by the rules now end up having to pay more to remain within the scheme .
the world rugby hall of fame was established in 2006 , and absorbed the international rugby hall of fame in 2014 , but has previously never had a physical home .
the investigation came after they filmed themselves near the site of the air crash where 11 people died after a jet crashed on to the a27 on 22 august .
the 62-year - old was found guilty of one count when he played with a hillsborough justice campaign banner draped on his bagpipes in april 2015 .
it was found in a farmer 's field in porthcawl by a team of metal detecting enthusiasts .
` ` it 's ironic that , having been his boss when i was chief executive of worcestershire , he 's now effectively my boss as chairman of the pca . ''
match abandoned due to , metz 1 , lyon 0 .
the star is also set for a us number one , after selling roughly 450,000 downloads in 48 hours .
` ` the vertical pier will create a point of interest to attract people to redcar and re - ignite interest in the town as a place to visit . ''
a total of 130 people were killed in the islamist militant attacks in paris .
the death camp - whose victims included jews , serbs and gypsies - operated under the ustashe regime , which ran croatia as a nazi puppet state .
the law officer added that it was time to ` ` step down and do other things '' .
the future of the contract has been caught up in in - fighting between some labour councillors .
it said in all courts , the 16-week waiting period between the first calling availability of a criminal trial was being achieved .
she also pleaded guilty to two additional charges of attempting to murder two other men .
` ` fortunately the flooding did n't affect any properties , but two cars parked on the footway were damaged and the road was closed to allow the clear up operation . ''
the light is said to have been installed at the request of queen victoria , so that she could see from buckingham palace when members of either the commons or the lords were sitting after dark .
` ` anybody who has met dan will know he 's a brilliant team - man .
` ` there is no intention to appoint an interim chief executive and the requirements of the role will be covered by myself as executive mayor supported by the senior management team in this period . ''
the qr codes take users directly to a wikipedia page of the relevant tourist attraction , says clive finlayson of the gibraltar museum .
the fee is a record for a player under town boss mick mccarthy and webster has signed a three - year contract .
the extra training places in england will ultimately mean 7,500 home - grown doctors should graduate each year .
experts from the autonomous university of the state of morelos -lrb- uaem -rrb- have been called in to help with dna testing .
onions got rid of brendan taylor and michael lumb , both for one , with the hosts slipping to 7 - 3 in the sixth over and riki wessels -lrb- 13 -rrb- then became a first wicket for 22-year - old durham debutant barry mccarthy -lrb- 2 - 51 -rrb- .
after the match , nalbandian admitted he went too far saying , ` ` i am very sorry , sometimes you get frustrated on court . ''
la la land has enjoyed rave reviews since premiering at the venice film festival in august .
harry chapman pincher , son of an army officer , was born in india on 29 march 1914 .
specialising in radio - friendly soft rock , the carpenters sold millions of records in the 1970s .
a number of other people arrested in connection with the killing have been released .
` ` dan holman will be the difference between cheltenham winning the league .
the akademi has condemned ` ` any atrocity against any writer '' in india , and urged writers to take back their awards .
the doj alleges that mr clark was a ` ` high - ranking '' operator on the silk road and was instrumental in helping ulbricht run it .
oldham athletic 1 , peterborough united 0 .
their counterparts in londonderry , foyle search and rescue , have been handed # 42,000 - the highest of any of the charities across the uk .
foster is a quick , industrious and earnest player , a winger in his youth who was converted into a full - back in his early days at aberdeen out of necessity .
anyone running illegal schools could face a jail term of up to 51 weeks .
hampshire constabulary is currently run by acting chief constable graham mcnulty .
but some astute tactical kicking , and the reliable boot of walsh , steered dragons to just their second away over hull in their past 13 attempts .
the van driver had picked up the thief in yeaman place in his red renault trafic van .
announcing the service , google said that it captures around 70 % of credit and debit card transactions in the us .
striker aleksandar mitrovic -lrb- knee -rrb- and midfielder jack colback -lrb- illness -rrb- could return .
the italy player had reportedly been linked to a reunion with ex - juve manager antonio conte at chelsea .
the shop , which has four floors and a vegetarian cafe , was dubbed one of the best in the world by the guardian , in 2008 .
` ` there 's so many new players , we do n't know one another very well , '' said nani .
` ` and do n't just look at it from the uk perspective ; the european union has a massive surplus in goods with the uk .
a planning application for a second visitor centre has been submitted to wakefield council and it is due for completion in late 2017 .
mr gordon said the change to the law that mr conway wanted would apply only to adults who are terminally ill with less than six months to live and who have a settled wish to die .
the quake , originally measured at 7.2 , struck in the north of vanuatu off espiritu santo .
eight people were also killed by a rare blast in the town of suweida , home to syria 's druze minority , say reports .
vets believe she has had her claws forcibly and traumatically removed , while her legs are covered in pressure sores and urine scald . ''
firstsource solutions said new staff will be based at its cardiff bay site which already employs about 800 people .
but mr elamine has now said he will not drop abduction charges against ms faulkner because it could see the others involved released as well .
but the problem for the leader does n't end with that act .
she told bbc news that the goal of the database was to ` ` find the right tree for the right place '' .
hyojung lim , 43 , of high street , new malden , has been charged with his murder , scotland yard said .
technology used to be a big barrier for disabled people hoping to thrive in the workplace - but in the future it could augment human capabilities , making working life easier for everyone .
` ` lots of founders and chief executives tell beautiful stories about having the right vision from the start , but it was n't the case at graze , '' he says .
this is the argument used by the united states , which is carrying out air strikes in syria .
the lively kirby shot wide after escaping from a crowd of defenders as chelsea pushed for a second , and after denying bright and substitute borges , alexander did well late on to hold another rising strike from kirby , giving the scottish league champions hope for next wednesday 's second leg in glasgow .
it is the second time adlington has visited the centre after she opened the temporary pool provided as part of the british gas ` pools for schools programme ' earlier this year .
the case came to court after dallas buyers club llc contacted iinet and other isps , asking them to divulge customer details without a court order .
but more than that , with his ability and striking dark colouring - trainer nicky henderson nicknamed him an ` equine james bond ' - sprinter sacre gained a vast following amongst the racing public .
up to 10,000 prison officers in england and wales protested last month over claims of a ` ` surge '' in jail violence .
the project will test the effects of both types of cigarette on volunteers ' blood vessel function , a key health indicator .
the timing of the referendum hinges on when other eu leaders agree to his proposed changes to the uk 's relationship with the eu , a decision which is largely out of the prime minister 's hands .
sainsbury 's has reported two straight years of falling profits , and analysts expect another drop in the 2016 - 17 financial year .
a police spokesperson said : ` ` west yorkshire police and partners have been proactive in their approach to encourage victims to come forward and reassure them that all reports will be taken seriously .
` ` i would also like to extend the heartfelt thanks of the glasgow school of art to all the institutions and individuals who have donated to the appeal to date .
` ` we ' ve made a good start on the three year journey to rebuild the co - operative group , '' said chief executive richard pennycook of the half - year results .
army spokesman col benjamin hao said that representatives of the marcos family have visited the cemetery in the taguig area of metropolitan manila to pick a burial site and make initial preparations .
the driver of the car , a 21-year - old man , was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
kenneth david dickie , 64 , was found with a serious head injury at the rockley park site in poole on sunday 8 may .
great britain cycling team for uec european road championships :
the mps say the government needs to urgently clarify whether the police authorities will be able to recover the Â # 89.827 m it cost to police the riots .
seth barton from game news site mcv said microsoft still had some key decisions to take with the console .
` ` the fact that women do n't ask for pay rises as often as men is a popular theory .
a commitment to a ` ` strong and lasting '' devolution settlement is becoming as regular a feature of the queen 's speech as the ceremony that surrounds it .
` ` we look forward to combining our best - in - class nba sports team operators with take - two 's competitive gaming expertise to create a brand new league experience . ''
detectives discovered records of allegations of indecent assaults on a seven - year - old girl at his home in alveston , gloucestershire in 1976 and 1977 , while they were investigated him over the making of indecent images of children .
jackson turned down a contract offer from wrexham for next season .
regaining full control of sangin would increase the taliban 's mobility in the north of the province and cut a key supply line for afghan forces with lashkar gah .
ferry services have been considerably disrupted and falling trees have caused some problems on roads and railways .
the un did not explain why the project with wonder woman , announced in october , would end on friday .
but some users on twitter complained of their texts being sent to random numbers instead of their contacts .
the road was closed again the following weekend for the remains of the partially collapsed pedestrian bridge to be removed .
the british hen welfare trust said 240 of the birds were in need of new homes in wrexham .
fourteen organisations , including nhs england , have signed an agreement to stop gay conversion therapy being offered to patients .
on its website curzon cinemas victoria said : ` ` due to a burst water main , curzon victoria has had to close tonight -lrb- saturday 6th june -rrb- .
david fox -lrb- plymouth argyle -rrb- right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner .
it states : ` ` an improved system of flood defences in tadcaster is a priority for the town .
the spaniards won 22 - 19 with a try in the last seconds to seal the 12th and final spot for this summer 's rio games .
the high court in edinburgh heard mr abboud told officers that ms szefler 's temper changed just before she had her period and that she often threw household items at him during this time .
a national marine centre for scotland is designed to be built at the existing seabird centre in north berwick .
some also say that uzbekistan 's fractured and exiled opposition may turn to islamism to boost its appeal in the majority muslim country .
ms bethel told the court she had ` ` no idea '' the people were in there .
the group believes at least 151 people have been put to death in saudi arabia so far this year - the highest recorded figure since 1995 .
mr black , a 52-year - old father of two , was the first prison officer to be murdered in northern ireland in almost 20 years .
legal commentator joshua rozenberg said the purpose of the income threshold was to prevent non - europeans marrying into the uk and becoming a burden on the taxpayer .
the controversy over the city 's name re - surfaced the following year .
tim explained : ` ` sidekick creates a virtual - reality world on the international space station ... .
progress was to deliver food , water , fuel , oxygen and clothing to the crew of six people on the space station that orbits about 420 km -lrb- 250 miles -rrb- above earth .
mrs luyen , a retired teacher from a small town 35 km outside of hanoi , said passing over a cash gift for medical treatment was effectively mandatory .
mark fitzpatrick 's store was destroyed after explosives lit up the sky at neighbouring southern firework factory in southampton on 13 may .
` ` we had to dig in right at the end and the amount of scrambled tackles to keep them out shows the character we ' ve got .
the mba has now issued a new message asking people to help keep bothies in a tidy state .
conservative mp for st ives , derek thomas , claimed diabetes is ` ` completely avoidable through good diet and exercise '' on his facebook page .
malala 's confident , articulate campaign for girls ' education has won her admirers - and recognition - at home and abroad .
a specialist firm was brought in to help move the lorry , which was left leaning at an angle against the house .
us stocks are in record territory this year .
we 're lining up for the arm wrestle , which is good .
of the 863 men who died , an estimated 120 , known as ` ` the jersey pals '' , were killed during the battle of the somme .
a video broadcast by cnn in april this year appeared to show some of the kidnapped schoolgirls alive .
under the latest offer , hyundai will extend all auto loan and lease payments during the shutdown for current hyundai owners who are put on unpaid leave .
but ms sen might have to be patient .
east midlands ambulance service -lrb- emas -rrb- said only about 8 % of patients survived a cardiac arrest outside hospital .
in their letter to mr cameron , the five select committee chairmen urge ` ` further action to encourage international university students to study in the uk '' .
police scotland said a 15-year - old boy had been charged .
theresa may congratulates trump on taking office
he added : ` ` it was n't my best performance and i would like to apologise for that .
pte benton was the first of four young soldiers to die at the barracks between 1995 and 2002 .
james and linehan will receive an honorary doctorate of letters at a ceremony in norwich in july , with bbc radio 4 's woman 's hour presenter murray being given an honorary doctorate of civil law .
beamish is also seeking people 's memories of the bowling pavilion , and staff will be attending an open day at the billingham bowling club on sunday .
andy vingoe , suffolk chairman of the fire brigades union , said : ` ` the whole thing just goes to show the under - investment we have in the fire service at the moment .
st john 's former liverpool team - mate geoff strong , who won the fa cup in 1965 alongside the scot , died aged 75 from alzheimer 's in 2013 while last year it was revealed that three members of england 's 1966 world cup squad - martin peters , nobby stiles and ray wilson - have the condition .
the bantams went ahead on 43 minutes when billy clarke started and finished a move , linking up with steve davies who crossed for him to score .
the wales office does not expect the investigation to be completed until the end of 2017 .
the star wore a gary barlow mask as he began playing could it be magic on a piano at cabot circus shopping centre .
in 1992 , then an official in rwanda 's ruling hutu party , mugesera told more than 1,000 party members that they should kill tutsis and dump their bodies in the river .
iran has not recently commented on the case , but the washington post has spoken out forcefully .
southport 's fleetwood said it would be ` ` nice to sit down to dinner knowing you 're top of the us open leaderboard '' after overcoming ` ` a ropey start '' to his second round .
he has promised to be active in his role , despite his commitments with his clothing business .
` ` after i did all the research it was a no brainer , '' she said .
` ` it is the perfect film to kick off what promises to be an exciting festival . ''
his mother teresa sheldon , from kent , has also been charged with the attempted murder of another person , who can not be named for legal reasons .
despite equal pay legislation being introduced in 1970 a gender pay gap still exists today .
somehow , colchester failed to re - take the lead on the stroke of half - time as slocombe produced a brilliant save from george elokobi 's close - range effort , before guthrie headed against the bar from two yards .
` ` i used to live in japan , for about nine years in total , and i came back just at the end of 2003 , '' he said .
so far the project has received more than 700 photos and produced 15 3d images of artefacts , mostly from the ransacked mosul museum .
meghan ambrozevich - blair , 26 , died following a collision between her car and a pick - up truck on the a1 near dunbar in east lothian in december .
` ` we are getting very anxious about what might be coming , '' leonie greene , from the solar trade association , told the bbc .
the people of kano have been shocked and traumatised before by bombers and gunmen working in tandem .
` ` i think everyone knows what blackburn rovers means to me personally .
the figures have been revealed just a day after the prime minister announced a package of measures to support people with mental health problems .
palestinians want an independent state in the west bank and gaza with east jerusalem as its capital , and say settlements make this impossible .
data showed the uk economy grew faster than estimated in the third quarter .
ms cox and mr shepherd are also accused of one count of causing or allowing serious injury to a child and one count of possession of a class b drug -lrb- amphetamine -rrb- .
the man was found dead in an upstairs bedroom , after fire crews arrived at the house in drumgay close , in the kilmacormick area .
overall , the benchmark ftse 100 share index was down 91.22 points , or 1.31 % , at 6859.24 .
` ` his position is one that we identified at the start of the season that we did not have a great deal of depth , '' said trinity head coach chris chester .
tensions between rohingya muslims and myanmar 's buddhist majority have been rumbling for years .
the man who orchestrated his killing , anthony henry , 32 , was found guilty of murder on friday .
it is premature to pronounce northern ireland 's big economic idea as dead .
mr obama has also apologised to the president of afghanistan .
` ` but in the second half , we controlled the ball well in difficult conditions and we 're delighted to come away with a win and to keep connacht scoreless as well . ''
he said : ` ` i think the proposal we are being offered is a really old - fashioned one .
the show will see the detectives reuniting to investigate a serious sexual assault , itv said .
third - placed real madrid travel to levante on wednesday .
evans is a product of wrexham 's academy and mills said the 20-year - old could sign for the club ahead of their opening league game against dover athletic on 6 august .
business secretary greg clark said toyota 's investment ` ` underlines the company 's faith in its employees and will help ensure the plant is well positioned for future toyota models to be made in the uk '' .
while jobbik hopes to swell its 16.7 % score four years ago to over 20 % this time , hungary 's main green party , lmp , which stands for politics can be different , is struggling to cross the 5 % threshold needed to remain in parliament .
the oban lifeboat was launched on thursday evening after the explosion near puilladobhrain , which blew out the boat 's windows and hatch .
mr farry said that , in the absence of the voluntary exit scheme being agreed , he may also use his department 's budget to meet the costs of the additional 285 staff who have been made offers to leave later in the academic year .
shutter speed , whose last run at newbury saw her beat enable into third , brought a fifth musidora win for both gosden and dettori .
black cats forward duncan watmore is out for the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury .
it was the childhood home of explorer , writer and archaeologist gertrude bell , who travelled around the middle east in the early 1890s .
talk to people who live around the sprawling military base of fort lewis - mcchord - one of the largest in america and home to more than 100,000 personnel , including sgt bales - and you will find they know all about post - traumatic stress disorder .
the 32-year - old former england international joined the club on a three - year contract in 2014 from hull fc .
the 28-year - old arrested man has been taken into police custody .
eden hazard -lrb- belgium -rrb- header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner .
read more about the uk 's referendum on the eu
they relate to an alleged attempt to hide evidence from police investigating phone - hacking claims and illegal payments to public officials by the news of the world and the sun .
he was travelling east when his car left the road near the junction with holly lane at 23:00 bst on monday .
in march , the number of jobseekers hit a record high of 4.75 million .
the money will be used to create 35 new posts across northern ireland in an effort to speed diagnosis and cut waiting lists .
derby 's other big pool , at the queen 's leisure centre , is currently closed due to structural problems , although two other pools remain open for public use at the centre .
johnsen was brought to hearts by former head coach robbie neilson after leaving bulgarian club litex lovech .
tulip replies : hi taj - getting vaccines ready for market takes years , often decades .
summing up the contents of a number of statements from the women abused by the brothers , she said : ` ` they describe from their teenage years a life in the main of feeling dirty , ashamed and guilty .
the museum is located in the bogside , close to where some of the 14 victims of bloody sunday were killed in 1972 .
deputy commissioner hakrush , from the galilee village of kafr kanna , will be in charge of a newly - created police division established to improve policing in arab communities , the times of israel reported .
the judge said he was suspending the assembly drawing up egypt 's new constitution and referring the question of its legitimacy to a legal adviser .
in its budget report , holyrood 's local government committee said that ` ` greater transparency is required '' as ` ` the budget for local government and the allocations to local authorities are very difficult to follow '' .
a ministry of defence spokesman said : ` ` we can confirm that a uk helicopter crashed in southern afghanistan today .
estonian health and labour minister jevgeny ossinovski wrote in an english - language facebook post that the uk prime minister had gambled on the european project .
a 38-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and remains in police custody .
former italy midfielder conte , 45 , quit as juventus boss last month , having won the serie a title in each of his three seasons in charge .
in a statement , corinthians said everyone was welcome at the club to pay their own tributes .
police say the individuals were using software designed to remotely control computers - allowing for the stealing of information .
mr akufo - addo 's wife rebecca was part of his campaign .
researchers looked at three areas of england , 20 years apart , and found new rates of dementia were lower than past trends would suggest .
the rock against racism -lrb- rar -rrb- movement formed in response to controversial remarks made by eric clapton in 1976 .
` ` five years ago , there were 10 or 15 .
` ` on the whole , the prices of west end theatre are incredibly reasonable considering the cost of what it is to put something on . ''
kolpak player harmer , who returned career - best figures of 14 - 128 in last week 's win over warwickshire , has now taken 47 wickets in eight matches this season .
myriam francois - cerrah explains , in less than two minutes .
` ` it 's not right that people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their freedoms unlawfully , '' she said .
the welsh government figures showed that in six of the seven health boards in wales , the number of district nurses has fallen between 2009 and 2015 .
the council said it was one of the finest examples of a victorian cemetery in wales with a well - preserved ` ` gardenesque '' cemetery landscape which was typical of the time it was created .
but it was also possible that people who were less healthy or in the early stages of diabetes were more likely to nap for longer during the day .
the duchess of cambridge has reportedly packed up to 40 different outfits for the tour .
` ` it 's understood the man was with one female staff member , while other staff were lying low in another back room .
fourteen generic cancer drugs showed price rises of more than 100 % .
fellow seamer oliver hannon - dalby , 28 , and batsman matthew lamb , 20 , have both signed one - year extensions , to the end of the 2018 season .
the central bank also announced plans to introduce a greater flexibility into the foreign exchange market .
all we have is a leaflet and are told to give them out if we feel people have a problem .
but a check revealed three cs gas canisters , seven knives and 10 knuckledusters .
` ` there were are a lot of positives to take from the -lsb- man city -rsb- game .
derby county striker david nugent -lrb- groin -rrb- could return after missing monday 's draw with huddersfield .
police scotland said : ` ` inquiries into the circumstances are at an early stage . ''
trollope had been working under slade before then , and pilkington believes that smooth transition has helped the bluebirds in their preparations for the new campaign .
the scottish government 's 2010 housing act brought in several changes , including ending right to buy for new council and social housing tenants , alongside a three - year # 1.5 bn house - building plan .
i do n't know whether dr carson 's words will bolster his position among the base after a somewhat lacklustre performance in the republican debate last week at the ronald reagan library - but what about the feelings of the three million muslims who live in america ?
documents filed with us regulator said french authorities recently completed an audit of booking.com 's accounts from 2003 to 2012 .
there has also been more fallout from the release of an earlier batch of data including ashley madison user emails .
it said : ` ` this house ... agrees with those who have described mr trump as a ` revolting slug ' . ''
` ` it 's a hell of a secret to keep , '' said wilding , who was cast as the body actor for the role .
` ` this really works well in times - shifted environments - different time zones , catch - up tv situations where you still want to follow along the conversation . ''
mr cameron has suggested the ` ` emergency brake '' could come into effect within three months of the uk applying for it .
dr weiren huang , from the first affiliated hospital of shenzhen university , in china , and colleagues used crispr - cas9 to reprogram a cell - signalling pathway that would normally feed tumour growth in mice .
reitman suggests that the russo brothers , who directed captain america : the winter soldier , would direct what would then be a fourth ghostbusters film .
the cm11 was returning from a firing test at about 10:30 local time -lrb- 02:30 gmt -rrb- when an apparent mechanical failure in one of the tracks left the driver unable to make a required left turn , the army said .
profile : abdul fattah al - sisi
winkleman will still present the bbc 's the great british sewing bee and host a radio 2 show .
in may 2014 he was deemed safe enough to be freed early .
` ` and , mischievously , one reason why the people of yorkshire should n't have their own white rose parliament ? ''
` ` it was a beautiful wedding , '' mr nadeau 's wife , maggy thomas , told the cbc .
and the olympic hopeful won her fourth consecutive women 's doubles title .
he said : ` ` private sector companies would be foolish not to help .
in the past 30 years , more than 1,000 people have been killed in land disputes in brazil , with some two - thirds of the murders happening in para .
bydd yr eisteddfod genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym modedern ar ynys môn rhwng 4 - 12 awst .
early last month , a 35-year - old filipino domestic worker fell to her death as she was reportedly cleaning the windows of her employer 's flat .
a weekend of events to mark the centenary of the rising began on saturday with a remembrance ceremony in dublin at which irish president michael d higgins laid a wreath .
in a report released in line with its latest quarterly results , the firm said its outlook for the fourth quarter ` ` does not include the potential impact of any business combinations , asset acquisitions , divestitures , strategic investments and other significant transactions that may be completed after octoberÂ 13 . ''
` ` i think you can be encouraged by the number of young people who have been in the performance schools who have been in the younger representative squads over the last three - and - a - bit years and the evidence suggests that will continue , '' he added .
celtic finished bottom of the group and without a win in their six matches .
kruis , who missed saracens ' win at sale on sunday which sent the champions back to the top of the premiership , has won 18 caps since making his debut against new zealand in 2014 .
the super league club had first refusal on tomkins , who leaves new zealand with a year remaining on the three - year deal he initially signed .
staff had received no emergency response training , the inquest heard .
he was mentioned as a possible vice - presidential running mate to john mccain in 2008 .
despite being famous among nudists , the beach is not an official naturist site and locals have complained about their presence there .
cases of the disease have been reported from all 12 districts of ouagadougou , the world health organization says .
` ` david has been working part time with the batters since january , focusing on improving more of the technical aspects of their game , '' ripley added .
mr bennett said he wanted to ensure the office provided excellent advice for service users in wales and help drive improvement in public services .
in march 2012 , ms martin suffered multiple stab wounds to her neck , struggled upstairs and died .
the blackout began at about noon local time on saturday and affected all parts of the country linked to the national grid .
as the railway policing -lrb- scotland -rrb- bill was tabled at holyrood , mr matheson insisted it would ` ` ensure railway policing has a strong future '' .
the crown office said a report had been received about a 35-year - old man but after consideration of the case it had been decided there should be no proceedings taken at this time .
chief executive greg creed said : ` ` kfc china had an outstanding chinese new year bucket promotion . ''
michoacan has become one of mexico 's most violent states because of the rivalry between cartels .
a new tram stop at exchange square for metrolink 's second city crossing is due to open before christmas .
grimsby are currently third in the national league , having lost only one game in the league since october .
the lavatory replaced one of the guggenheim 's porcelain toilets in a one - person , unisex restroom .
mr husbands told inside business that , while there is no point creating attractions for the sake of it , parts of northern ireland outside belfast need to be better served in terms of tourism and transport .
` ` today we have dealt a significant blow to a mexican criminal enterprise that has been responsible for poisoning our communities , '' said arizona attorney general tom horne .
the uk could also be allowed to keep many of its trade terms with the eu so as to avoid disruption , moody 's said .
` ` all the colleagues i have always say the dream is to come to the premier league , where there are the best clubs and the best players , '' eduardo added .
researchers say the game could generate an unprecedented amount of data .
dixons carphone shares were up 1 % after it said full - year profits were set to be slightly higher than previously forecast .
` ` the reality is that each year thousands of children in england are raped and abused by people seeking to humiliate , violate and control them , '' said ms berelowitz .
aulia masna , a technology blogger in jakarta , said the morning 's events had shown indonesians used twitter as much as ever for updates .
inspector ian callingham said the pony had obviously been dumped and left to die , and had suffered terribly .
he said the real challenge was the absence of political agreement on the future of health and social care .
obama has promised to try to stop the group and the us has already launched air strikes in iraq since august .
beta 's dog pound was previously a pig farm in beit meri in the hills overlooking beirut .
she knew me from z cars and said ` please , mr blessed , i ' m having a baby . ' ''
the first gulf war brought together the largest military alliance since the world war two - more than 30 allies , including britain , which fielded a force of more than 50,000 , the us , saudi arabia and egypt .
` ` we await the decision of the ipcc and will not be commenting further as the criminal investigation is now in the court process . ''
they will discuss how the education system in wales can play a part in shaping the nation 's future .
the probe 's jovian infrared auroral mapper -lrb- jiram -rrb- has acquired unique views of jupiter 's southern aurora .
police are now working with authorities in lithuania to confirm the identity of the woman .
it was mercedes ' most dominant grand prix since the first race in australia .
mr eastwood is challenging current leader alasdair mcdonnell , and party activists will vote next month at the annual sdlp conference in armagh .
les liaisons dangereuses is based on the scandalous 1782 novel by choderlos de laclos , which told of sex , intrigue and betrayal amongst aristocrats in pre - revolutionary france .
prosecutors say she feared losing custody of her young children to mr green .
there have been almost daily anti - government protests in venezuela for over two months as the country 's economic and political crisis has worsened .
faulkner finished with 3 - 45 as sri lanka made 288 in colombo .
the layout of the premises is also being reconfigured , as the store prepares to be reconnected to the redeveloped st james centre ahead of its scheduled opening in 2020 .
the move , if enacted , would make them the first uk banks to introduce negative interest rates , in effect , charging to deposit money .
ukpc has also been reported to action fraud and the complaint is currently being assessed by the national fraud intelligence bureau .
second half ends , peterborough united 2 , rotherham united 1 .
the opening round of championship games will also see middlesex , a disappointing seventh in 2014 , at home to nottinghamshire and somerset , with new director of cricket matthew maynard in charge for the first time , playing host to 2013 champions durham .
ms bailey 's body was discovered in a cesspit beneath the garage submerged in liquid , including human excrement , the court heard .
devon and cornwall police said following the disappearance and the subsequent launch of a murder investigation a team of search officers are continuing their efforts to trace gergana prodanova .
in posts on instagram , hart and johnson welcomed gillan , who studied drama at eden court in inverness , to ` ` the jumanji family '' .
on both sides of the atlantic the current phases of the electoral cycles means trump and corbyn are appealing for support from active party members .
he was brought in by google after its founders , sergey brin and larry page , rejected initial designs for a new headquarters as ` ` too boring '' in 2013 .
prime minister theresa may has said that the government will not trigger article 50 - the formal start of the process of leaving the eu - before 2017 .
this was a phrase that could have been stamped on the foreheads of liverpool 's players on thursday - a symbol of the klopp approach that will be at the heart of everything they do .
darren carter 's shot hit the bar for rovers in the second half , while halifax struggled to create chances .
2014 - us president barack obama and president castro announce moves to normalise diplomatic relations , severed for more than 50 years .
their daughter , a british citizen , has had to stay with her grandparents in iran because she can not return to the uk without her passport .
the complainant replied : ` ` yeah , i was probably too old . ''
roberts acknowledges he ` ` deserved '' to be dropped for his performance against the wallabies .
and investigators across europe have a clearer picture of what happened on the night of the attack and how amri fled south to italy .
detectives said three firearms , ammunition and a five - figure sum of money were recovered .
they thanked the staff of nevis range for ` ` a fabulous job making our day possible '' , and for helping in throwing ` ` a hell of a good party '' in the evening .
at the moment , the millions of birds reared in northern ireland create 260,000 tonnes of poultry litter a year .
hughes signed sidwell , who has made more than 180 appearances in the premier league , while working as fulham manager in 2011 .
the main building will remain shut on tuesday with access to most areas reopened on wednesday .
only hours afterwards , the editor - in - chief and several writers were detained and arrest warrants issued for over a dozen of the paper 's executives .
sustained falls in output could help to stabilise the price of oil , although some market forecasters suggest the price could continue to fall to as low as $ 20 a barrel .
italy 's rai news website said investigators ` ` stressed that the baby gang used brutal violence on their victims in the style of a clockwork orange '' .
in 2008 , a paralysed rugby player from worcester died at dignitas .
harvard academics say that the word ` ` master '' derives from the latin term ` ` magister '' - a form of address for scholars or teachers .
the fledging new political party yorkshire first is also eyeing events in scotland .
caernarfon castle has free entry today to celebrate st david 's day and visitors to the town 's square will be able to meet the cadw dragons for free until 16:00 gmt .
chinese grand prix first practice results
this was the third night of protests in the city , and the second with the national guard on the streets , following the killing of keith lamont scott on tuesday .
knitters were asked to contribute to campaigns to decorate the routes of both the yorkshire stage of the race on 5 and 6 july , and the cambridge stage on 7 july by knitting tiny jerseys in the tour de france colours .
three men are currently serving jail terms in south africa in connection with the death of mrs dewani , including taxi driver zola tongo , who was jailed for 18 years after admitting his role in the killing .
on wednesday , maersk said it had been in contact with singapore - based rickmers shipmanagement , from whom it charters the maersk tigris , and was ` ` pleased to learn that the crew is safe and under the circumstances in good spirits '' .
hs2 action alliance says a paper by hs2 ltd shows engineering work will mean closing parts of some passenger lines for 133 weekends , and some freight lines for 50 weekends .
johanna amunjela , a phd scholar at the university of aberdeen , in the uk , is among the first in the world to investigate the role that specific proteins have in how the disease develops .
but since the twins are mixed sex , jacques takes the role , due to monaco 's laws of succession favouring males .
the start of the second half mirrored the start of the first with one team dominating but the other one scoring .
andreas mogensen of the european space agency and aidyn aimbetov both spent less than 10 days in orbit .
` ` if we say to a head teacher ` we need to be in the top 20 ' , it 's very difficult to translate that into how their 15-year - olds should do at gcse .
how do you keep your player happy ?
roberts is famous among video game fans for the popular 1990 's spaceship combat wing commander series .
tennant was the 10th doctor and piper played his on - screen companion rose tyler in the bbc one show .
he said in a tweet : ` ` i did not make , and do not have , any such recordings . ''
the ellon - based company has raised more than # 26 m since launching its first equity for punks crowdfunding round in 2009 .
the development at kingsmere is part of the 13,000 homes planned by the government to turn bicester into one of a new generation of garden cities , announced earlier this month .
pearson 's rams have six games in 20 days during august , but have few injury concerns other than butterfield and olsson .
the duo were also found guilty of attempting to break into a cash machine in mintlaw by using a crowbar .
after an investigation started , environmental health officers found large quantities of turkey defrosting outside in dirty water and being processed in a garage in ` ` unhygienic conditions '' .
scottish conservative leader ruth davidson has voiced support for the uk remaining in the eu , but mr thomson said she was ` ` really relaxed '' about her msps taking the opposite view .
the expansion plans include new stores in port glasgow and irvine , while other locations are ` ` in negotiation '' .
students placed through clearing tend to be those who did not get the grades for their favoured courses .
taliban leader mullah mansour killed , afghans confirm
` ` the rest of the uk continues to show stronger growth but as we have mentioned previously this may not all be down to sales with specific manufacturers and dealers taking tactical decisions on registrations . ''
farke has already added marley watkins , the former inverness caledonian thistle winger , from barnsley to his forward options , but naismith has no thoughts of being squeezed out at carrow road .
the passing football we like to do and like to play made us score two great goals .
mr justice garnham said : ` ` the defendants have made it clear that they share the great concern of the claimants about the rate of suicides in prisons generally , and hmp woodhill in particular .
sam hutchinson -lrb- sheffield wednesday -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
` ` it 's been a very good week , all the hard work has paid off , '' said davies .
the shortlisted writers are :
` we have tests on a medication given to children , a paediatric chemotherapy that was n't really a medication , it was an inert substance , practically distilled water , '' he said .
mr and mrs roberts said : ` ` we are extremely disappointed that the government has decided not to accept the recommendation of the ... committee to remove the immunity from prosecution from the mod when served with a crown censure .
a loophole existed , the pcc said , because revenge porn was classed as a domestic abuse offence rather than a sexual offence .
the former arsenal trainee joined shrewsbury from dagenham & redbridge in june 2015 and has made 79 appearances for the club .
` ` i ' m appalled that my mother 's life is only worth 12 months of a community order . ''
the football association of wales has also written to fifa requesting permission to wear poppies on armbands during their game against serbia in cardiff on 12 november but has not yet said if it will ignore the ban .
alex o'meara and alex day have agreed new one - year contracts , with hooker tom channon signing for two more seasons .
throughout development there was no data suggesting a potential for an increased risk of narcolepsy among those vaccinated . ''
neighbours who heard a disturbance called the police shortly after 02:00 .
the purpose of gathering the sheep in is to teach police officers how to spot a stolen animal .
to mark the anniversary of ali 's death last year at the age of 74 , photographer hugh kinsella cunningham visited kinshasa in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- zaire was renamed in 1997 -rrb- to meet some of the boxers hoping to follow in ali 's footsteps .
he is due to hand in his resignation on monday morning .
four indian soldiers were killed by an avalanche in the same area last month .
when claire was told she would spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair after a spinal injury , she wanted to get back on her feet as quickly as possible and regain her independence .
the skull of an adult male was found by the m54 slip road on thursday by workers surveying a roundabout near telford .
a year and a half , and 292 performances , later , the group was set for stardom and the cavern would become one of the world 's most famous clubs .
the government has set aside a total of Â # 150 m for bodies that are to investigate troubles - related cases .
some farmers , especially those in the south and east of the uk , said there was only 10 % of the rainfall they expected to see in march and april .
they declared it an independent state and gave themselves the titles ` ` prince '' roy and ` ` princess '' joan of sealand .
also on the passholders list was ex - conservative minister jonathan aitken , who was jailed in 1999 for perjury and perverting the course of justice , and derek conway , who had the conservative whip withdrawn and then stepped down as an mp after his employment of his son was heavily criticised .
` ` unfortunately the intensity of the fire meant the house was completely destroyed . ''
the former snp leader was speaking a matter of weeks after current leader and scotland 's first minister , nicola sturgeon , announced plans for a fresh campaign for independence .
rowett was furious after his side lost a two - goal lead to be held 2 - 2 at st andrew 's to end any hope of making the championship play - offs .
congressman justin amash of michigan tweeted that the white house should share ` ` details of the president 's meeting '' with congress .
second half ends , sutton united 3 , gateshead 0 .
wallonia , a region of just 3.6 million people , has all but scuppered a trade deal affecting 508 million europeans and 36.3 million canadians .
michael luciw , 27 , from nottingham , was a passenger in a van that was hit by a mazda premacy , being driven the wrong way on the motorway by albert kenneth newman , who also died .
the 19-year - old produced a spell of 5 - 3 in 19 balls as six glamorgan wickets fell in the last 13 overs of day one .
delegates debated a motion calling for the tuc 's general council to ` ` support and co - ordinate campaigning and joint union industrial action , nationally and locally , in opposition to attacks on jobs , pensions , pay or public services '' .
researchers led by eudald mujal of universitat autònoma de barcelona , spain , examined fossilised footprints from about 247 to 248 million years ago found in the pyrenees mountains in catalonia .
she said post mortem examinations had been carried out and both deaths were still being treated as unexplained .
barakat hasan , a palestinian imam and director of the center for studies and islamic media in jerusalem , said he ` ` did n't know many details about the holocaust '' before the trip .
despite his side 's poor start to the season , south african rudolph still believes glamorgan can make an impression in division two of the county championship .
after 12 weeks it is allowed only if the life of the mother is at risk or there is a problem with a foetus .
the organiser added that the other two headline acts of the festival would be announced soon .
` ` the current situation is that there is a torso in which arms , legs and head have been removed off as a result of deliberate cutting , '' said jens moller jensen of the copenhagen police .
the leader of the greens , emmanuelle cosse , has been named housing minister , and two other green politicians have been given junior posts .
chinese president xi jinping wore a dark suit and stood at a podium during lunch at the us state department .
mae gogledd cymru wedi cyrraedd y pedwerydd safle ar y 10 uchaf ar draws y byd , gyda choquequirao ym mheriw ar y brig .
` ` you can never have enough good fast bowlers , so that would be top of the shopping list , '' morris said .
self - declared supporters of the centre - right values are choosing between the two former prime ministers .
the pair were helped to the top of the ridge by llanberis mountain rescue team -lrb- mrt -rrb- volunteers using ropes , and then winched aboard the helicopter .
after england 's moeen ali and adil rashid went for 0 - 121 and 0 - 163 respectively in the first innings of the match , pakistan 's zulfiqar babar became the third bowler of the match to concede a century of runs without taking a wicket .
and ms goldsmith also invited the home secretary to visit west sussex and see an alternative to the government 's preferred plan .
last year 's wsl 1 champions , manchester city , are yet to start their spring series season owing to fixture clashes with their maiden women 's champions league campaign , which ended on saturday despite a 1 - 0 win in lyon in the second leg of their last - four tie .
left - back cole , 23 , was recently transfer - listed having signed from staines town in january .
the rt rev libby lane was the church of england 's first woman bishop , who was consecrated as the eighth bishop of stockport at york minster in january .
graddon , who won a bronze medal at the 2009 european diving championship in turin , cites 2008 as the best year of her career as a diver .
a man , aged 28 , and a woman , aged 35 , have been arrested on suspicion of the possession of firearms over the incident at chapel street .
here is a selection of the shortlisted images .
ganol mawrth cyhuddodd y gwir barchedig jeffrey john yr eglwys yng nghymru o homoffobia yn dilyn honiadau bod yr esgob john davies wedi dweud wrtho y byddai ' n ` ` ormod o gur pen '' ei benodi gan ei fod mewn partneriaeth sifil , er ei fod yn dilyn rheolau ' r eglwys pan mae ' n dod at berthynas rywiol .
in the case of indian company adani 's giant coal mine in queensland , environmentalists and scientists are worried about more than threats to reptiles .
it is given to someone who has made a significant contribution to international feature films or network television .
the winners will be announced at an awards ceremony in abuja , nigeria on thursday , 5 january 2017 .
a : there 's no question that dyke revels in his reputation as being outspoken .
one of the worst insider attacks took place last august when a us general was killed in an attack by an afghan soldier at a british - run military academy near kabul .
by examining the brains of babies while they are still growing in the womb , as well as those born prematurely and at full term , the scientists will try to define baselines of normal development and investigate how these may be affected by problems around birth .
find out more about all the candidates in the london elections .
after launch , solar orbiter will take itself deep into the inner solar system , flying as close as 42 million km from the sun .
a department for education spokeswoman said that by 2020 the government would be investing ` ` a record Â # 6bn per year ... in childcare support and introducing a fairer early years funding formula which will see the vast majority of providers receive increased funding rates to help deliver our 30 hours free offer '' .
they will face china 's zheng siwei and chen qingchen in sunday 's mixed doubles final .
now they are poised to go one better , sitting a comfortable third in the medal table in rio .
the price of copper also fell to its lowest in four - and - a - half years on a strong dollar and a slowdown in china .
at the high court in glasgow , 33-year - old hannah , who is said to be a heroin addict , admitted a charge of culpable homicide .
another muslim man also received 20 lashes in january after the islamic court in bauchi convicted him of homosexual offences .
macdonald came through the swansea youth system and has had four stints out on loan at yeovil .
howe was recently asked in an interview with the bbc 's the premier league show if the role as national coach would ever appeal to him in the future .
the community hydro at bethesda is predicting it will now make a loss .
they support the push for scottish mps to be excluded from votes on english matters , but believe other measures are needed specifically for the north .
a large part of the reason for that is down to the tyres , which was not addressed by the decisions made by the strategy group on thursday .
she said when they looked at the sand they first realised it was bright red and then they saw the barbecue underneath it .
the tower blocks - our blocks project has been described as a ` ` domesday book '' of the uk 's post - war reconstruction .
it is claimed the man was kicked in the head a number of times and verbally abused by a group of men at about 02:30 gmt on monday after he was chased from the springfield road .
` ` before we have to pay the costs for the extra policing required for this demonstration , the home secretary should consider using her discretion to ban these two speakers from entering the country .
they still trail kent by 27 runs with four wickets remaining and , barring bad weather , steve rhodes ' side look on course for only their second championship defeat of the season .
the crash , involving several vehicles , happened on the southbound carriageway , near the hindhead tunnel at bramshott , at about 07:30 gmt on thursday .
the donation was accepted on tuesday by texas land commissioner jerry patterson , who is campaigning for a new historical centre to house collins ' collection .
but mr johnson is expected to defend the current system of student finance and university funding .
security agency gchq said people and businesses could adopt basic cyber security principals to keep safe .
mr al hussein , the un high commissioner for human rights , said the victims had been ` ` apparently cut down in a hail of gunfire '' .
but the state of florida no longer offers naturopathy licenses and only licensed doctors are allowed to offer such services in the state .
even through all his troubles , cook , 29 , has retained support from a large section of england fans .
he said : ` ` it was made clear that the new owner wishes to restore bernard matthews to its former position as a highly profitable business .
ms kewlani says there is a long way to go in making india a disabled - friendly country but ` ` we are not ready to give up as we are fighters '' .
` ` so i hope that we will hear from police scotland very , very shortly to the effect that they will take no steps leading to the closure of the aberdeen control room , the service centre which answers 101 calls in aberdeen or indeed the control room in inverness .
o dan reolau ' r ddeddf cyfnod seneddol sefydlog , does gan y prif weinidog ddim hawl i gyhoeddi etholiad cyffredinol ar fyr rybudd heb gefnogaeth aelodau tŷ ' r cyffredin .
officials are scanning the area surrounding the home in the search for the reptile , which is not native to florida .
-lsb- these factors are -rsb- expected to have a knock - on impact on consumer spending , as growth in disposable incomes is eroded , '' the think tank said .
macheda began his career at old trafford and played for qpr , stuttgart , doncaster rovers and birmingham city on loan before joining cardiff in may 2014 .
there have been significant manufacturing job losses in northern ireland over the past year , including michelin , jti gallahers and bombardier .
` ` we are extremely disappointed by mole valley council 's determination to dispose of a vital community asset and to allow building on adjacent green belt fields , '' the spokesman said . ''
` ` the late goals are frustrating i am sure for the fans , but is devastating for especially a defender , all of us in the back four , '' he said .
the body says it has consulted independent experts and believes that restricting the sale of laxatives or reducing pack sizes would not be appropriate .
worcestershire batsman joe clarke told bbc hereford & worcester :
bangalore is one of the world 's major tech cities .
somerset took eight wickets as middlesex chased their target on wednesday , but a six from wicketkeeper john simpson in the final over won the match .
he won an all - ireland football championship and all - star award in 1993 .
a 16-year - old boy from portslade , also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder , remains in police custody .
gregory is hoping for better fortunes than his mixed experience over two rounds of the open at royal troon last july .
just over half -lrb- 51 % -rrb- of transgender young people said they felt safe using public transport .
easyjet was down 3 % and iag down 2.4 % .
every region in scotland voted to remain but the uk - wide result means that scotland will nonetheless be leaving the eu .
hse 's head of operations , harvey wild said the faults , found in more than 90 % of harbour reach and two thirds of the caversham road development , were only discovered after residents complained about ill - health .
the fall of sangin , one of the most heavily - populated districts in helmand , also indicates the taliban 's growing strength in the south , and has a symbolic significance for the us - nato led mission in afghanistan .
the most important ground floor rooms in the stately home are to be restored , while the upper floors are to be used for exhibitions and events .
the 45-year - old 's honda fireblade crashed in the opening practice session of the jurby motodrome racing meet on saturday morning .
he also hired two men , matthew barker and joden smith , to carry out a string of attacks on her home , culminating with her car being set on fire in february 2015 .
the invention will be tried out this week on festival - goers at the glastonbury music festival in somerset .
he said he believed she was attacked with a weapon ` ` made from a razor '' .
accrington stanley 1 , preston north end 1 .
she said economic growth and a stronger jobs market meant ` ` the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months '' .
the striker was also punished last month after posting a photo of himself alongside his mercedes car , when wolfsburg 's policy only allows employees to turn up to training in a volkswagen .
danciulescu told romanian tv channel digi sport that dinamo would ask cluj to do the same if they win .
on the last day of the tour , the duchess , who comes from a musical family and played the flute at school , took the musicians through the first notes of beethoven 's fifth symphony .
dale arnold , 32 , died in hospital after being stabbed in kelloe , near durham city , on the afternoon of 3 august .
virtual reality is becoming a common tool for people wanting to sell something .
` ` it is really unusual seeing caterpillars high up as they can be eaten by birds .
its shares have lost about 40 % of their value since april last year , when news of the profit overstatement began to emerge .
the mines in mubende district had meant the country 's riches were n't just in the hands of the elite .
his family believe he was killed in a staged hit and run accident .
when the 26-year - old punched shahid afridi to long - on for a 22nd odi hundred - only sachin tendulkar has more for india - he became the first man to score a century in his opening match of a world cup tournament on two occasions .
follow live updates of armed forces day events
the earliest widely accepted evidence for humans in the americas dates to roughly 15,000 years ago .
vinokourov sprinted clear of colombia 's rigoberto uran in the final stages of an eventful race .
human rights campaigner peter tatchell said : ` ` i pay tribute to the government for ensuring alan turing has a royal pardon at last but i do think it 's very wrong that other men convicted of exactly the same offence are not even being given an apology , let alone a royal pardon .
falcao , who was linked with a deadline day move to former club atletico madrid , has been named in chelsea 's 25-man premier league squad .
in the deadliest attack , at least 14 people were killed when a bomber blew himself up in a restaurant .
blues fought off competition from some major european sides to sign linden .
in a further update on monday , be said she was about to be moved to the neurological ward .
something has to have a clean sweep of the mindset and change . ''
it has also taken some of the gloss off the first visit to bangladesh by an indian prime minister for 12 years .
the valleys feature prominently in the areas that vote leave will be focusing on in the final days of the campaign .
tweddle 's score of 15.916 took bronze in her uneven bars final after a decade pursuing an elusive olympic medal .
meanwhile , hartley believes the new club and country agreement will be of great benefit to the national side .
sterling , who joined the reds from qpr in 2010 , says he will not discuss a new contract with the reds until the summer .
she later claimed that every female athlete she knows has had an abortion but the issue is ` ` not talked about '' .
it 's been a tough start to the season for exeter city and their match - going regulars .
the coalition says it does not target civilians , but the un says air strikes have caused the majority of the more than 4,125 civilian deaths recorded since the conflict in yemen escalated in march 2015 .
` ` it might be that the broader , more loosely aligned group is something that the uk is happy being a member of . ''
his new deal also includes the option of a further year .
another 15-year old girl , and a boy and girl both aged 14 , were also taken to hospital as a precaution but were uninjured , police said .
five - time african champions zamalek beat enyimba away and one point from the return match in cairo sunday will guarantee their progress , if only on head - to - head records .
mourne mountain rescue team , belfast coastguard , irish coastguard , psni and the northern ireland ambulance service were all involved in the rescue .
the new site will house a research and development centre for the electric vehicle , with engineers accounting for 200 of the newly - created jobs .
elsewhere , the podemos - linked zaragoza en comun group took control of spain 's fifth most populous city , while santiago de compostela , a coruna and cadiz are among other towns and cities which now have left - wing coalition chiefs as mayors .
for england 's voters , labour 's undiluted policy on tuition fees - proposing their complete abolition - offers the sharpest divide in the road for decades .
in a statement issued to the bbc , the hospital said : ` ` in line with nhs requirements , the trust sought quotes for a blind which meets fire and infection control regulations .
police received a letter in june , sent in the post , saying mr may was dead .
coventry , climb a place back up to 12th , eights points adrift of the play - off places , after only their third win in 17 matches .
there are bigger questions for the uk , questions of legacy and lessons to be learnt .
` ` this is the biggest change in a generation , '' she said .
remaining budgets for green subsidies are likely to be in the firing line .
the laws would also strip citizenship from dual nationals who engaged in terrorism inside australia .
` ` some months ago , rory and i spoke about the possibility of the irish open coming to ballyliffin .
below the formal invitation , the e - mail from tecomak read : ` ` home educated oddball .
` ` in gav we have not only lost a dedicated police officer , but a true friend . ''
he added that this did not mean that the us thought the human rights situation in bahrain was adequate .
cricket south africa have said they are ` ` resolved to begin a recruitment process '' as they look to appoint a head coach ` ` through to the 2019 world cup '' .
mourinho was making his first return to stamford bridge since he was sacked in december 2015 , leaving when the defending champions were 16th in the premier league .
the manager described shinnie 's decision as being ` ` as important as any signing we will make '' in the transfer window .
england edged the breakdown in terms of numbers and in terms of actual turnovers .
there are now eight contenders in the race to become the next ` psychic ' octopus for the women 's world cup .
the multiple tt winner set the fastest time of the week in the classic event on his yamaha superbike at 125.49 mph .
all the papers report on the psni 's ` ` action plan '' to recruit more catholics .
her husband timothy allen , 40 , is due to go on trial in cambridge for her murder next year .
substitution , dundee united .
in england , a record 35 new distilleries were opened last year compared with 28 the previous year .
returning to twickenham for the 10th and last leg of the series is a particularly special occasion for us in the england team .
it was cave 's second world title of the year after victory in the half ironman world championship last month .
dundee manager paul hartley : ` ` the first home win of the season .
he has been bailed to appear at milton keynes magistrates ' court on 14 march .
` ` but a lot of people , at least in my audience , just pick their favourite songs and add them to a playlist .
a message allegedly posted by the hackers on the prime minister 's site on tuesday said : ` ` your violations of the rights of lgbt -lsb- lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -rsb- people have disgusted us .
` ` his little legs , little core , little head , i ' m going to knock him out inside four rounds , mark my words , '' said mcgregor .
it is not the first time kenya has tried to break the record - last year 142,279 children read aloud in 360 schools .
tedesco has signed a two - year deal at schalke , who finished 10th in the german top - flight .
the images were taken by photographer nick hedges in the 1960s and 1970s for housing charity shelter in some of the country 's biggest cities .
he had previously been diagnosed with an allergy to bee stings , but tests had found the severity of his condition was on the ` ` lower end '' .
revised plans for the research centre were given the go - ahead in march after a proposal for a multi - storey car park on the site was dropped .
after attacks on coptic christians in recent years , pope shenouda had urged officials to do more to address the community 's concerns .
senior officers believe most gangs are still profiting from ` ` traditional '' crimes but are using online resources to do deals and avoid detection .
the tour championship is the final event of the race to dubai , with four players still in with a chance of topping the money list .
the street party will be the finale to a weekend of national events to celebrate the queen 's official 90th birthday .
the islamic center of fort pierce was heavily damaged in the fire , which was set on the anniversary of 9/11 .
between the ages of 14 and 16 he set up the only youth club in the area , which opened at pentrepoeth school in 1941 .
the move comes a day after the cincinnati zoo said it was ` ` not amused '' by enduring memes over the gorilla 's death .
paris police said on twitter -lrb- in french -rrb- : ` ` end of security checks .
a post - mortem examination by the animal welfare charity revealed that the three - year - old cat had been poisoned .
the pm said fifa could only rebuild its credibility if mr blatter left .
the steel framework , intended to recreate the shape of the iconic fighter , is currently being installed .
the utility said it was sending remote - controlled robots into one of the reactors on sunday to gauge radiation and temperature levels .
one of those at the meeting said using a muslim as a terrorist sent out ` ` the totally wrong message '' and ` ` puts a wedge '' between the community and gmp .
in this context , del rey is oddly anonymous .
nottingham lead the league on 28 points , with sheffield steelers on 27 and belfast 25 .
rovers began in the final relegation place , level on points with forest with an inferior goal difference .
prince charles urged people to remember the story of the nativity this christmas , which was about ` ` the fleeing of the holy family to escape violent persecution '' .
norway will be able to import power from the uk during dry periods when hydroelectric power is less widely available .
in an echo of the inquiries in the stafford hospital scandal , the independent report said the problems found represented a ` ` simultaneous failure of a great many systems at almost every level , from labour ward to the headquarters of national bodies '' .
over the years , well - recognised linguistic processes would have reduced camulodunum to camelot .
for the first few decades , the super bowl half - time performance featured marching bands , drill teams and disney 's mouseketeers .
lee doyle , 37 , of houghton regis denied punching the groom .
del potro , who is in the same half of the draw as britain 's andy murray , will next play either france 's 32nd seed lucas pouille or american donald young .
the prime minister has previously accused leave campaigners of making ` ` a very misleading claim about turkey '' and the eu .
a clash with the muslim month of fasting may also cause concern in some schools wanting their pupils to do their best .
hpv is sexually transmitted and girls aged 12 and 13 receive the vaccine to protect them against cervical cancer .
in 2013 , then real madrid forward higuain agreed personal terms with arsenal , but joined napoli after the gunners failed to make an offer .
in 2006 , a scientist said unexplained sightings of the loch ness monster could have been elephants enjoying a swim .
for the latest news from all the counts in cheshire , go to our election live service .
big ben 's first day in operation was 31 may 1859 .
a us navy helium diving helmet took top price for a single item at # 8,000 , followed by an italian helmet which took # 7,200 .
until that moment , the bank of england is right to keep interest rates at current levels . ''
new deals have been offered to goalkeeper rouven sattelmaier , defenders matthew kilgallon , rory mcardle , tony mcmahon and james meredith and midfielder mark marshall .
debate over the niqab came to a head during the 2015 canadian elections .
a management buyout team is also planning to submit a bid under the name excalibur steel uk limited .
` ` this verdict was only possible because we have a new president , '' hirunika premachandra , the murdered man 's daughter who is now an mp herself , told reporters .
a former sale sharks , wasps and bedford blues player , atkinson has started a total of 21 premiership matches .
baidu has not yet set a price .
pakistan says he was detained on 3 march 2016 in restive balochistan province , which has been hit by a separatist insurgency that islamabad accuses india of backing .
` ` the worst -lsb- messages -rsb- say ` the next time i see you in the streets , i ' m going to throw acid in your face ' .
denmark has a similar health system in how it is funded and organised to wales .
the water pipes in the town are old and prone to leaks and bursts , severn trent water said .
he has previously played in the premier league with reading , chelsea , aston villa , fulham and stoke and believes he deserves the opportunity to play at the top level again .
a warrant canary is a statement saying a company has not received secret requests for user data by government or law enforcement officers .
the developers said their planned new course , close to embo , would compliment nearby royal dornoch golf course and others in the east sutherland area .
australian prime minister tony abbott recently described the book 's publication as one of the defining moments in australia 's history .
in order to take part in this collective agreement the armed groups had to have previously signed a bilateral ceasefire with the government .
the decision followed six consecutive quarters of falling sales .
forest green are currently second in the national league table , one point behind leaders cheltenham town .
pressure is mounting on the uk 's big six energy suppliers to cut their prices in line with falling costs after the latest analysis showed wholesale gas and electricity prices in the uk hit a five - year low at the end of 2015 .
to cope with both grassland and arable land demands , the overall use of mineral phosphorus fertiliser must double by the middle of the century .
` ` any new recruit would also obviously have to be happy to work with a head of football , which might be off - putting for some . ''
china 's imports from tehran had fallen significantly in the first four months of the year , but analysts said that was mainly due to the ongoing payment dispute and low seasonal demand .
the governor of nigeria 's borno state says he has information on the whereabouts of the girls and has passed reports of possible sightings to the military .
their medal followed samantha murray 's individual gold and the women 's team silver earlier in the week .
the man had left the medals on a work surface to clean before leaving his home in wootton park , bristol , only to find on his return that they had vanished .
the wales women 's side narrowly missed promotion to the top tier , following their 2 - 1 defeat by russia in friday 's eurohockey championship semi - final .
the scottish government said before the result that eu membership was in the ` ` best interests '' of scotland 's fishing industry .
tasks set for the carrier group , led by the admiral kuznetsov vessel , had been completed , the commander of the russian force in syria col - gen andrei kartapolov was quoted as saying .
the partnership said there has been a 10 % reduction in underage drinking in the region since 2010 , but it remained above the national average .
aggreko said trading conditions were particularly difficult in south america , with a renegotiation of a contract to supply power in argentina .
the bbc micro computer was hugely popular , and was in around 80 % of school classrooms in the uk at the time .
al hilal benghazi of libya overcame the handicap of not being able to play at home by beating fellow confederation cup debutants ulinzi stars of kenya 1 - 0 in cairo .
seconds later , two youths were hurt when the fire flared up in their faces .
` ` tom is an exciting talent who has already shown the ability to win games for derbyshire , '' elite performance director graeme welch said .
by adding in the maximum new levies allowable without a referendum , the lga estimated that band d bills could cost an average of just under # 200 more over the next five years .
the number of pedestrians and cyclists hurt in accidents fell by more than a third between 2012 and 2016 - but the rate was lower in 20 mph zones , the city council said .
mr robinson also took his seat just before the game began after the anthem was played .
she has long been tipped as serota 's successor , and the path from whitechapel to tate is the one he took .
the green party had the third most votes and have two seats in the assembly , as do ukip .
ms stewart said : ` ` i think it 's fair to say rugby world cup 2015 in newcastle has been a huge success .
` ` i do n't think mr mourinho comes well out of the whole saga - he clearly made a mistake in the heat of a game , and should have said so and apologised , '' said fa chairman dyke .
he described the four bedroom castle as a ` ` work of art built lawfully '' , but said he would ` ` fully comply '' with the council enforcement notices .
he was later identified by genetic markers and his bank card that was found nearby , the court heard .
johnson made his film debut in the 1950s and featured in numerous films , alongside stars such as frank sinatra , laurence olivier and charlton heston .
tests have confirmed the presence of the bug in wards 7c , 2c and 2a .
jedburgh sheriff court was told she had breached her payback order .
the discretion of prime ministers to pick the timing of elections was removed and the dates fixed five years apart - we are next due one on thursday 7 may 2020 .
peace talks began in cuba in 2012 to try to end five decades of conflict .
the recorder said harris was motivated by ` ` family expenses '' , and cited the probation report which spoke of her ` ` greed and a desire to fund a lavish lifestyle '' .
the welsh government said banning companies from procurement processes would be illegal .
` ` it had to be done suddenly but i never thought i will receive blessings for this , '' mr modi said .
finances became a concern when a planned # 7.8 m deficit grew , for which monitor could see no recovery plan .
in addition to the 65 people in court in the town of letpadan on wednesday , another five have been charged in absentia .
the jewellery was stolen from stanley hunt jewellers in marshalls yard , gainsborough , on 18 november , between about 19:30 and 20:00 .
with provisional results in from more than 40 % of polling stations earlier on wednesday , mr odinga had 42 % of the vote compared with mr kenyatta 's 53 % .
watch his video to find out what 's so great about gardening .
there are regular editorials and speeches bemoaning this lack of a maintenance culture .
police said both vehicles suffered extensive damage in the collision and the road was closed for several hours while officers investigated the scene .
his family have led a high - profile campaign for a full public inquiry into the murder but mr cameron has ruled that out .
thomas baker , known as tommy , was found badly injured at stanley meat market in the old swan area of liverpool on 27 january .
ronson led bowie 's backing band , spiders from mars .
a number 10 spokesman said : ` ` the prime minister is clear this does not mean mr gani supports the organisation daesh and he apologises to him for any misunderstanding . ''
bee abundance did not differ between landscapes , but the richness of species was higher in urban areas than on farmland .
crewe remain bottom of the table following their 5 - 1 thrashing at home by peterborough
bernard luyckx , a friend of the zebras ' owner , said the animals were apparently upset by the sale of some of their stable - mates .
it is believed the pair are with 19-year - old marius savin who is wanted on suspicion of their abduction .
` ` a decade after these items were stolen it was a privilege to be able to meet the larsons and give back these items which have such meaning to the family , '' he said .
peter johnston , bbc northern ireland 's director , said the awards were ` ` a great acknowledgement of the creativity and dedication of our production teams '' .
a post - mortem examination was carried out on monday , where the preliminary cause of death was given as a gunshot wound to the head .
when a child answered ` ` father christmas '' , she told them he was not real .
there are times when vladimir putin seems to be basking in the infamy of running a cyber superpower .
watson , 46 , has spent eight years as manager at southport in two spells .
president laurent marti announced the signing of the forward on their website and he joins ireland fly - half ian madigan in moving to bordeaux for next season .
i will keep on achieving and i know you will keep on hating .
hebcelt director caroline maclennan said : ` ` we are offering the new augmented reality experience as an extra feature to add to the enjoyment of visiting the festival this year .
singer tom meighan has previously talked about his own mental health .
it has also invested in the euphorium bakery chain .
` ` this was a horrendous catalogue of offending . ''
` ` the ice age tools provide the first unequivocal presence of people in scotland about 3,000 years earlier than previously indicated .
when worcestershire batted , mitchell was first to reach his ton , just before tea , while d'oliveira 's was his first since his career - best double century against glamorgan last may when he began the season with three tons in four games .
det insp tara nicholls said : ` ` i would appeal to anyone that was in the area and noticed any suspicious activity between the times of 01:30 and 03:30 bst to contact cid at cookstown police station on the non emergency number 101 . ''
the victim , a 56-year - old man , is in a stable condition in hospital .
britain closes its embassy in tehran , following the islamic revolution .
1981 - republic of palau comes into being , following the territory 's adoption of a constitution in july
bloomington city employees receive paid time off for columbus day and good friday .
ms o'neill said she was also working with irish agriculture minister simon coveney to resolve labelling issues that have hit northern ireland lamb sales to meat plants in the republic of ireland .
johnston , who has also appeared in waking the dead and coronation street , joins new stars richard e grant and anna chancellor , both of whom will play guests of the granthams at downton .
it is therefore proposing pushing the retirement age up to 69 .
after the daunting match against england , joe schmidt 's side then finish their campaign with home games against italy and scotland on 12 and 19 march .
` ` watching -lsb- head coach -rsb- daniel farke over the past six weeks has rekindled my appetite for management and it 's something i 'd like to be considered for once more , '' money said .
he said : ` ` it can not be right that the ministerial code is used to coerce the minister to disregard statutory obligations imposed on him . ''
north wales police and crime commissioner arfon jones branded the force 's report ` ` inaccurate '' .
alison saunders , of the cps , said : ` ` this was a planned conspiracy to bring weapons , ammunition and drugs into the uk organised by four soldiers , based in germany , and their civilian contact in london . ''
gourmet burger kitchen , founded in 2001 , was a ` ` pioneer of the premium burger revolution '' , famous brands said .
but users in japan , sony 's home country , can continue to still get its line of readers and access sony 's reader store .
he said the legal obligation to act also includes the northern ireland executive .
the law stipulates that nuclear firms aiming to set up plants in india will have to pay huge sums of money in case of an accident and delhi and moscow have not been able to agree on this clause .
while marussia are back this season under the new name of manor marussia , there are clues the sport 's finances have not been fully repaired .
the secret agent is to be investigated in connection with the murders of up to 50 people .
` ` but , if there was ever a club for me to settle down with and sign permanently with , it would be preston north end . ''
contact with juvenile justice system increases the risks associated with poverty .
sky will become a ` ` quad play '' provider , offering broadband , television fixed - line telephone and a mobile service .
dr hinds , 35 , from tandragee , and his colleague dr fred mcsorley were dubbed ` ` the flying doctors '' of irish motorcycle sport .
the government wants some households to pay more to raise money for education , and finance secretary derek mackay gave evidence to committee backing the plan .
the 5p charge for bags was introduced in england in october and followed the introduction of charges in wales , northern ireland and scotland .
` ` this is the end of the city garden project debacle .
on tuesday , a 71-year - old stuart kuttner , an ex - news of the world managing editor , was rearrested and bailed as part of the phone - hacking probe .
the british library has two copies of the 1215 magna carta .
the aegon championships will be held from 13 - 18 june in london .
although the biafra uprising was quelled by the military , a group called the movement for the actualisation of a sovereign state of biafra -lrb- massob -rrb- has attracted the support many young people in the region .
fire crews were not initially requested by alton towers but the park 's staff did put their own call in requesting their assistance at 14:45 , the fire service said .
she also has a sense of humour when things go pear - shaped , and enjoys telling amusing tales , her cousin said .
second half ends , crawley town 1 , blackpool 0 .
a moist southerly airstream is set to bring the bulk of the rain in a four - hour period , with the met office saying it will issue further updates to the warning throughout monday .
` ` i respect this conclusion from the performance review i initiated following our results in london , '' scott said .
as part of a three - year package , london and manchester will also host legs of the world grand prix series in 2017 and 2018 respectively .
there is a growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions in scotland .
the author and britain 's got talent judge surprised a hall of 200 children and gave some top tips for becoming a writer .
the save the children charity has also announced it could ` ` take up the baton '' , but only with financial support .
` ` instead of listening to why its mixed fleet cabin crew rejected the offer negotiated at acas , british airways has sought instead to try and bully a workforce of young men and women who are trying to eke out a living on poverty pay . ''
• narcolepsy is a rare illness , with around 10 new cases per million people every year
` ` we had to go up a few sizes to hold the belly . ''
the 19-year - old left - back made his debut for the bees in april and has made a total of five appearances .
the series is being produced by mammoth screen , the company behind hit bbc drama poldark .
there are signatures from members of other squadrons based at scampton , including gp capt robert mcfarlane , who later led a lancaster bomber squadron at the height of the battle of berlin , and flying officer chas walker , an australian professional cricketer who was killed in action in december 1942 .
in later life , she received lifetime achievement accolades at the venice film festival and the cesar awards , as well as a star on the hollywood walk of fame .
the move is part of police scotland 's cost - cutting plan to centralise control rooms .
microsoft is promising to improve the experience by :
when asked later if he would cut the top rate of tax , prime minister david cameron said : ` ` it 's not our policy .
but when a presidential nomination is at stake , and it comes down to just a handful of delegates , that ` ` big line '' may end up looking awfully fuzzy .
croatian teenager ana konjuh will return to the nottingham tennis centre to defend her title and british number three naomi broady is also set to play in the tournament , which will take place from 4 - 12 june .
indians in california say it 's the blend of temperament and competitive spirit that brings success their way .
` ` martial has to listen to me and not his agent .
safety fears meant chester fans had to travel on official coaches under police escort .
he also missed the start of the season after surgery on a back injury before returning at the end of october .
ms mccusker said she would now change a ` ` friends forever '' tattoo , that she had done with the fees , so she would not have a daily reminder of the women .
with the under-20 men 's side having won a grand slam earlier on friday , england 's men will look to complete a hat - trick by beating ireland in dublin on saturday .
the bbc understands that transferring sutcliffe to a prison could save up to Â # 250,000 a year .
ms diaz disputes the idea that the town has stagnated over the years saying that the region has developed significantly .
revenue was down in 2016 , largely due to the loss of a major financial client , believed to be lloyds banking group .
director of bbc sport barbara slater added : ` ` we 're thrilled leeds is to host bbc sports personality of the year 2013 .
rather than instructing shareholders to vote in favour of eisner 's deal , the pst and club presidents have told fans to make up their own minds .
` ` next thing this shark leapt 15 ft in the air about 20 ft off the back of the stern of the boat .
the unhcr said forced return constitutes a serious violation of the 1951 refugee convention and the 1969 oau convention , both of which cameroon has ratified .
judge thokozile masipa did the same for the lawyers on thursday , urging them to make good use of the upcoming fortnight break for the easter holidays .
the unrest began when drivers erected barricades in a protest against harassment and roadblocks by police demanding bribes .
one of the eros at the time was a black police officer .
what kind of f1 fan is chris rea ?
tehran 's involvement in the talks on syria alarmed iranian hardliners .
it saw its economy grow 0.5 % in the october to december 2014 period from the quarter before , when growth was 0.4 % .
plans were approved for coastal oil and gas limited to drill in a field at st nicholas .
a spokesman for the scottish fire and rescue service said : ` ` on arrival crews found a well - developed fire on the third floor of a six - storey residential block of flats with residents unable to leave the building .
pistorius was due to be released in august , but remained in prison after justice minister michael masutha made a last - minute intervention blocking it .
the colvin family hopes the lawsuit will be a reminder of that - as some in the international community seek to rehabilitate president assad .
the zoo said it was the first time an olive ridley turtle had been in the uk .
in recent decades , development has been prioritised over the environment , meaning that china now has some of the most polluted skies and waterways in the world .
the committee was taking evidence from the big four accountancy firms , which also includes deloitte and ernst & young , at a time when issues of tax avoidance have moved centre stage .
this summer 's original overseas player arrangement at new road was that 24-year - old henry would fill in from early april until the end of june , before abbott arrived to take over in early july for the second half of the season .
the private finance initiative -lrb- pfi -rrb- was a way for the government to get buildings now and pay later .
wao director david thomas said a number of the nhs staff auditors spoken to cited ` ` frustration '' that it was taking so long to bring in an electronic prescribing system in wales .
` ` that would n't be allowed as far as any other prosecutor 's concerned and i think there should be a very distinct separation between , if you like , its public interest role in bringing prosecutions and its political and commercial role .
swimming provided the british team 's biggest disappointment of london 2012 .
on a good day for indian ocean nations , mauritius sealed their place in the next round of the chan qualifiers with a 1 - 1 draw against seychelles at the stad linité in mahé to progress 3 - 2 on aggregate .
he said : ` ` there are cells still active off the coast of new south wales , and indeed the fact that the flood waters may well still increase , means that we wo n't know the entire cost of this particular disaster for many days to come . ''
` ` i had a number of offers from england , france and japan , but moving back to wales was the correct decision at this point in my career , '' said morgan .
divers found the juvenile 's bones by chance in a vast , flooded limestone chamber on the yucatan peninsula .
the law in tanzania has boundaries when it comes to sexuality ''
so , for the moment , bp 's downstream business is creating considerably more profit than its upstream partner .
hales cleared the rope three more times in steel 's next over , meaning a staggering 75 runs had been scored in just 18 deliveries leaving notts 126 - 0 off seven overs .
concerns about one of europe 's key gas supply routes have had a knock - on effect on other commodities , especially oil , as demand for alternative fuels increased .
video replays will be used to advise on ` ` game - changing '' decisions in united soccer league matches - the third tier of us football .
rain delayed the start of the run chase and england were 16 - 1 as the weather forced the abandonment at 17:30 bst .
police hope to soon release a sketch of the suspects , who are believed to be armed with a handgun .
the media were now at the gate in force and the men there were more reluctant to talk .
the princes have commissioned a statue of princess diana to mark the 20th anniversary of her death .
serbia 's marin cilic and frenchman jo - wilfried tsonga are the top two seeds in marseille .
hong kong has a separate legal system from mainland china , under the one country two systems framework .
elsewhere , ivory coast beat angola 2 - 0 at home in the elephants ' first match on home soil since winning last month 's nations cup .
the share of the points in jeonju means that senegal finish as group f runners - up to the united states who drew 1 - 1 with saudi arabia in the group 's other match .
mr cairns praised david cameron 's leadership , even on a policy he personally opposed .
she spent two years as the first female officer commanding at 47 air dispatch squadron .
the us economy added 215,000 jobs in july , while the unemployment rate held at a seven - year - low of 5.3 % .
the rhinos , who begin the defence of their super league title against warrington on 4 february , say that 80 members of staff based at the site , plus 120 players , have been kept out for the last month .
putin , speaking at an award ceremony for russian olympians at the kremlin , said the country would hold special competitions for banned paralympic athletes , with the winners awarded the same prizes as in rio .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- remains confident , although it admits there will be breakdowns .
djokovic , who was beaten in the third round at wimbledon by sam querrey , will represent serbia at the rio olympics .
he has had previous loan spells with national league north side stalybridge celtic and norway 's bergsoy il .
` ` i ' m disappointed with the result , of course , which is the most important thing , but i really liked the team . ''
` ` my bathroom has been wiped out , '' said the 21-year - old tree surgeon , who lives directly upstairs from the the couple .
exeter city 2 , crewe alexandra 0 .
the company 's alex donohue said : ` ` our murray fan in aberdeen has given his hero the ultimate vote of confidence with this record - breaking bet . ''
ms michael 's parents and children won the right to try to bring a claim for damages against both police forces in 2011 , but it was thrown out by the court of appeal because police officers have immunity from negligence claims .
but some cardinals have suggested the internal workings and possible failings of the vatican 's bureaucracy will not be a major factor in the decision to elect the next pope .
researchers analysed data from patients who were taking bisphosphonates , which are used to prevent the loss of bone material .
two 19-year - old men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the stabbing on stothard road , lockleaze , at about 5:50 gmt .
they say investors could lose confidence in the region - and the concept of a ` ` northern powerhouse '' - if there is not a realignment of how money is invested in regional transport .
at the age of 32 , sweden skipper zlatan ibrahimovic may not have another opportunity to play in a world cup finals .
vettel emerged from his first pit stop five seconds ahead of button but the mclaren closed remorselessly on the red bull and passed the german by making his second stop a lap earlier .
derby airways was the first company to fly from east midlands .
the sound that i very clearly remember the beatles playing in the cavern was a chuck berry riff .
charles and camilla arrive in the new zealand capital wellington on 4 november .
greece and the eurozone is n't yet fixed , not even close .
sussex have reshuffled their coaching set - up following relegation from division one last season and cricket manager mark robinson 's appointment as head coach of england women .
another five phone - hacking cases are still due to be heard .
earlier the wales women 's team lost 3 - 0 to italy to finish fourth at their eurohockey championships in cardiff .
` ` the players paying for the supporters ' tickets came from leon britton and i thought it was a brilliant idea .
he says to kill a mockingbird was not well received in monroeville when it was published .
the jury was told dna matching mr burns was found on the jacket .
` ` those sorts of regulations tend to be more principles - based , '' he explained .
martin will replace bruce anstey in the team , who won last year 's race .
nhs lambeth clinical commissioning group , which offers payments for practices moving towards the average referral rate , said , like all ccgs , it wanted to reduce the number of patients being sent to hospitals unnecessarily .
we asked peter meredith - smith , director of the wales board of community health councils , -lrb- chcs -rrb- about the challenges facing the network of eight watchdogs across wales .
selection procedures for the holyrood by - election have yet to get under way .
the discovery of drugs to attack the virus has profoundly changed the way the disease is treated .
national rail said trains are now running normally between sheffield and doncaster .
at the age of 14 , hitchon , from burnley , had been practicing ballet for over 10 years .
on thursday , gavin coyle , 38 , was also charged with attempting to murder the police officer .
there are currently five drop - in clinics in england for victims of the practice , which affects an estimated 200 million women and girls worldwide .
` ` our view is that , as the strongest player in our market and despite the volatility that is the inevitable consequence of such change , we expect to find opportunities for additional growth and further consolidate our position as the leader in the uk market . ''
this describes the roughly 15km - wide stony asteroid instantly punching a cavity in the earth 's surface some 30 km deep and 80 - 100 km across .
among the individual shares to rise was jewellery firm tiffany 's after it reported better - than - expected results .
lawro was speaking to bbc sport 's chris bevan .
all last season 's hard work in the premier league was carelessly tossed away in tottenham 's abysmal champions league campaign , and the whole group phase has been a nightmare for manager mauricio pochettino .
after reading fraud advice online , nancy went to police at the start of september , but by this time , more than # 300,000 had gone .
the plan wants to see staff highly skilled and ` ` highly regarded '' in their career , who understand children 's development , help all children to meet their potential and are bilingual .
it reportedly read : ` ` our aim is to help you kick - start any potential insurance claims and review any complex documents .
the court heard that staff and visitors who were evacuated from the hospital on 24 august last year .
` ` we received a # 100,000 from the government roughly for the last number of years and for a reason unknown to ourselves , the funding has been cut . ''
russian state tv has been suggesting - somewhat gleefully - that such products could be banned in retaliation for the eu extending economic sanctions against russia .
but the ukip national executive committee , which vets all would - be candidates , has allowed her to stand .
victims and their families have , up to now , been able to claim damages under two pieces of legislation but the sums paid have not generally exceeded # 20,000 .
mcbryde says he will be picking a squad to win both tests when he names the wales touring party for the summer of 24 april , and that judgement day could also have ramifications for the wales squad .
` ` i ' m on two and a half men and i do n't want to be on it .
galway enter into round 4a of the qualifier series after surrendering their connacht title to roscommon .
president pena nieto deployed federal police and troops to guard polling stations .
the lorry driver , who was not arrested , stopped following the collision in lime grove .
they were also more likely to say they received a raise in the last year , and more likely to say it exceeded the growth in their expenses .
daniel bebb - jones , 23 , was arrested by anti - terror police near an army reserve centre on sunday night in possession of knives and an axe .
breivik is being held in almost complete isolation - 23 hours a day , he says - at ila prison outside oslo .
the encrypted credit card details of up to 90,000 people may have been accessed , the mobile phone firm said .
a trial at birmingham crown court , which began in august , was told by a toxicologist that several metallic elements were found in the body of ms imam .
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's son is the first member of the uk royal family to have his first birthday marked by a new coin .
the teleprinter , which resembles a typewriter , would have been used to enter plain messages in german .
the four councils failed in an attempt to challenge the decision to build the runway at the high court in january .
development squad players zak ansah , alex kelly , ayo obileye , josh staunton and joe pigott will also leave charlton , who finished 22nd in the championship this season and dropped back into league one following four years in the second tier .
chelmsford crown court heard the 24-year - old 's death involved rival drug gangs .
ms courtney told bbc radio manchester it was ` ` very , very important '' to have a memorial in wigan .
wilson claimed that ibrahimovic could become the face of manchester united .
when he was arrested , he had with him a kalashnikov rifle and a handgun believed to have been used in the attack , the paris prosecutor said .
labour 's new idea , which would be consulted on should labour win power on 7 may , would be to allow grandparents to share in the 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave , but again no more than four weeks in any one year .
halkett 's first goal of the season - the final piece of action in the first half - won the points .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini : ` ` it is a big opportunity to get two more points .
a statement from the federal prosecutor 's office said the man had been charged with ` ` participating in activities of a terrorist group and with -lsb- a -rsb- terrorist attack '' .
according to hughes , that could be because moses has been given another opportunity to shine at the club that he joined three seasons ago from wigan .
he also warned of the risk of terrorists using the new technology .
the driver of the pick - up was uninjured .
technology stocks also rose on monday .
earlier , 7 - 4 favourite seventh heaven , ridden by ryan moore , outbattled architecture to win the oaks trial .
the result moved ireland to the top of the intercontinental cup table but they will need to beat scotland in november and hope that afghanistan slip up in the one of the two remaining games to retain the title .
det sgt cameron added : ` ` some of the witnesses we ' ve spoken to so far have reported seeing a group of men wearing masks and dark clothing around the location before entering a light coloured audi motor vehicle .
earlier , jamie 's brother andy murray kept his hopes alive of ending the season as the world number one singles player by beating milos raonic in a thrilling semi - final , which lasted three hours and 38 minutes .
coric , the 20-year - old world number 79 , trailed 3 - 0 in the second set and 4 - 2 in the decider before he rallied to beat the third - seeded kohlschreiber , who was bidding for an eighth title .
a 23-year - old man is in a serious condition in hospital .
but some have been told their vote will be discounted amid concerns non - labour supports had registered to take part .
alexander levlovitz died in a car accident apparently caused by a rock - throwing attack in jerusalem .
plea said : ` ` we heard monkey noises in the warm - up and during the game .
among individual shares , airlines bore the brunt in the wake of thursday night 's bastille day attack in the french resort of nice .
she said she had not meant to kill him and admitted that she had been high on crystal meth and heroin at the time .
meanwhile , the situation is reported to be desperate in the rebel - held city of luhansk , where civilians have been short of water , food and electricity for more than a week .
during a brief hearing , coroner 's officer david dinnell said : ` ` archie darby was a four - month - old baby being held in his mother 's arms when he was taken out of her arms by the family dog and attacked . ''
next to a picture of one woman he knew , which featured her young child , he labelled her a ` ` slag '' and a ` ` whore '' .
alibaba 's ipo would give it a market value of up to $ 162bn .
every year , in may and june , these cities welcome hundreds of thousands of pilgrims and the cities ' populations swell from around 300,000 to over a million .
on saturday , president abbas reiterated his concern over president - elect trump 's plan to move the us embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem and said he had written to mr trump to warn him of the risks of such a move .
details of the force 's cuts will be revealed after the government 's comprehensive spending review at the end of november .
he should be back on friday night to watch the game .
rugby union is familiar with cross - border competitions , with italian clubs playing in the pro12 league against welsh , irish and scottish opposition .
the victim suffered serious injuries - believed to be stab wounds - after he was attacked at a house in auld coal grove , bonnyrigg , at about 16:00 on tuesday .
the decision leaves 31 wada - accredited labs in the world , but none in africa .
` ` many workers in benburb have longstanding service at the plant - one of our members has worked there for 43 years , '' she said .
before the main event was a raft race around goscar rock , held in memory of dai rees , of saundersfoot , who regularly took part .
arthur 's adventurous spirit came out though , he would n't sit still and left the sofa to explore the studio .
bbc home affairs correspondent tom symonds said the allegation had first been made in 1991 by a leicester man who told police that greville janner sexually abused him during the 1970s - including in scotland .
officials want distracting functions to be disabled when driving .
police said that the woman had been attacked after she accepted a lift by three men in a truck in manali , a resort town in the state .
it was the second time this month that protesters managed to break into the city 's government area .
mae ' r asgellwr steff evans yn rhydd i chwarae wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu ' r gwaharddiad .
the tech companies will help design the subsea cable which will run between virginia in the us and bilbao , spain .
the sixers will play the scorchers , who are two - time champions , in the final at the waca in perth .
australian shares were in positive territory early on monday but lost gains later with the s&p / asx 200 closing down 0.14 % at 5,960.30 .
the man was airlifted to royal stoke university hospital in staffordshire after the collision on an unnamed road in tanlan , ffynnongroyw on monday .
n - dubz said they were looking forward to performing for their scottish fans and boasted about their recent shows north of the border .
the actor is due to star in a fifth indiana jones film , which will be released in 2019 .
` ` now we are going to go right to the wire to try to stay safe , and that 's the bottom line . ''
bin laden , 54 , was the founder and leader of al - qaeda .
last week dozens of blackpool fans attended a court hearing in manchester for a separate legal action brought by the oystons against a fan .
citizens uk , which helps communities organise group action , has urged the prime minister to ensure 1,000 of the most vulnerable syrian refugees are resettled in the uk before winter sets in .
england one - day captain eoin morgan :
# 1.50 compensation is requested for the milk . ''
earlier this month , the afghan government announced it would release 72 out of the 88 prisoners , prompting almost instant condemnation from the us which said there was ` ` strong evidence '' linking the 72 to ` ` terror - related crimes '' .
oldham have a sizeable cushion above the league one relegation places with three games left to play , while southend remain in 13th place .
it was discovered following the earlier arrest of a 43-year - old man on suspicion of murder .
davis ' new side finished 19th in their first - ever season in non - league 's top flight last campaign .
the two men , from liverpool and cheshire , had been charged with theft .
on tuesday , three teenagers , two aged 18 and a 16-year - old youth , appeared in court charged with mr meli 's murder .
the man was taken to the hospital with what police said were serious but not life - threatening injuries .
nice finished third in ligue 1 last season and face a two - legged play - off against napoli later this month to qualify for the champions league group stages .
the bbc 's martin vogl in the capital , antananarivo , says the late night vote came as a surprise to many .
ms shalloe worked as a research fellow at the university of nottingham , and husband jim hill said his wife previously produced studies on road safety .
police arrested 14 anti - fascists after an attack on three bald men .
` ` the legislation required for brexit will leave little parliamentary time for anything else - and making a success of it will require a large volume of bills and secondary legislation to be passed by parliament against a hard deadline . ''
hopes have been growing at white hart lane of a first league title since 1961 , but the pressure was on to beat struggling swansea after leicester opened up a five - point lead with a victory over norwich on saturday .
all of the games at the group stage which take place on a weekday will be evening kick - offs .
the day before saw a strike ballot on career progression with the part - time night tube drivers and a dispute over a ` ` breakdown in industrial relations '' with maintenance workers .
as the three countries were invited to sign the document on thursday in the kazakh capital , astana , rebel delegates angrily shouted that they did not accept it and walked out .
other people say that without the nudity , it is the beginning of the end of playboy .
the scottish government said the centre would allow offshore wind developers and supply chain companies to test ` ` cutting edge '' wind technology before its commercial deployment .
the new crossing , which is expected to the called ` the diamond bridge ' - will be opened on thursday 9 june .
survivors uk provides information , support and counselling for men who have been raped or sexually abused .
cassini has routinely used the strong gravitational field of titan to adjust its trajectory .
amputee football is played all over the world .
he was doing so to pay off a debt . ''
the discoveries were made in acre state in the western brazilian amazon .
the youngsters ' success came after swansea 's senior team survived in the premier league after crystal palace beat hull 4 - 0 on sunday for the latter to be relegated .
england squad for 2017 six nations
nearly a year after the case was dismissed , the high court sitting in cardiff made a judgement that the legal costs of the multi - million pound case should be paid by the sfo .
` ` once we weathered a strong start from rangers , we got the ball down and started to play .
davies was with hull for four years , having previously played for luton , west brom , aston villa and birmingham city .
cambridge will track positive and negative indicators throughout the tournament , in order to measure changes in the perceived confidence in the england team .
he added : ` ` the museum would like interested parties to make a statement about why they feel the dinosaur should move in with them . ''
police say that mr hickey received 296 tickets after his written request to the ioc president .
crofters have been working with perth - based kilmac construction on the glen ullinish wind farm .
the deal with lionsgate , however , is the first large - scale agreement with a major production company .
league one blackpool have now signed nine players this summer .
` ` unfortunately , the business has had to close , with the loss of 70 jobs , because there is not enough money available to continue trading . ''
labour 's shadow education secretary lucy powell says that for a national funding formula ` ` the devil will be in the detail '' and claimed that the government was stalling on revealing where schools would have reduced levels of funding .
` ` clearly the people responsible for these horrific terror attacks are the bloodthirsty and depraved terrorists but theresa may has to take responsibility for letting austerity damage her ability to keep us safe . ''
klishina , 10th in the 2015 world championships , had been cleared to compete in her first olympics as her drugs - testing record was established in the united states , where she is based , rather than in russia .
he became only the third european tour rookie to win the prestigious pga championship in its 60-year history and his 267 total over four rounds also beat the tournament record by two shots .
this was an unhappy marriage , but however , unhappy it was it did n't justify killing his wife .
it also demolished a wall dating back some 200 years , as well stone obelisks , platforms and seats .
prof paabo also compared the dna of the man living 45,000 years ago with those living today .
denbighshire council 's cabinet will be asked to approve awarding a contract for the work to willmott dixon .
` ` it 's a reality and you should look at it when running an election campaign . ''
while the snake is believed to have been in the van for some time , it is now ` ` fine and well '' in an animal shelter .
meanwhile , striker stephen humphrys has extended his contract at craven cottage until the summer of 2019 , and joined league one side shrewsbury on loan until the end of the campaign .
the naked man was spotted outside his hotel on chorlton street , at about 04:30 bst .
mr papademos was appointed caretaker prime minister in november 2011 amid political and economic turmoil .
norfolk 's williamson spent four weeks in hospital after january 's accident .
` ` it will be a great pleasure to work under the direction of unai emery , who has developed an excellent reputation , '' jese told the psg website .
the court in athens found him guilty of doctoring a document , but the charge was reduced from a felony to a misdemeanour .
nicky ajose -lrb- charlton athletic -rrb- converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner .
prof gideon lack , who is running a peanut allergy trial at the evelina children 's hospital in london , told the bbc : ` ` this is a really important research step in trying to improve our management of peanut allergy , but is not yet ready for use in clinical practice .
under current rules there is nothing to stop people living outside of wales standing as a candidate for the assembly .
corden has been a big hit in the us since taking over the late - night talk show slot on the cbs network in 2015 .
first bristol said it ` ` welcomed the decision to review these undertakings '' .
however , of the seven men with the most tests as england captain , only one - vaughan - has an average significantly worse as captain than when in the ranks .
the new club players ' body has been angered after the gaa 's top brass refused to grant it a speaking platform at the croke park gathering .
when nissan took the decision to back the games , the brazilian market was booming with sales of 3.8 million vehicles a year .
government lawyers challenged the claim and said no high court order was needed .
she was convicted of six counts of theft and one count of misfeasance - carrying out a legal act illegally - at canterbury crown court in july .
sierra leone was declared free of ebola in november , but new cases have emerged in liberia , which had been declared ebola - free in september .
rap , he suddenly realised , did n't have to come from the other side of the atlantic .
tfl said it is ` ` operationally ready '' for the night tube and the extra staff are now working across the network .
announcing the revised death toll , chief cabinet secretary yoshihide suga said the region was expected to see further heavy rain on saturday .
over the next five weeks he plays four full - field tournaments .
crofts began his career at gillingham and has returned to priestfield stadium until the end of the campaign , although brighton have a 28-day recall clause as part of the deal .
` ` the hospital treated us like monsters , '' he said .
mr blatter made a trip to israel and the palestinian territories ahead of the fifa congress in what appears to have been a failed attempt to stop the issue from being pushed to a vote .
he was found guilty of 16 counts of non - recent sexual abuse against a child .
a 33-year - old man was arrested in the tile hill area on friday .
chris malbon , 58 , from nottingham , who runs warwickshire - based metropolis toys , had at one time one of the most ` ` comprehensive '' action man collections in the uk .
the 24-year - old tunisia international , who initially joined lille on a season - long loan last summer , has agreed a three - year contract with les dogues .
a highways england spokesperson said : ` ` we are doing everything we can to complete the a55 / a483 scheme as quickly as possible .
mr mcguinness was due to join the first minister on the trade mission .
` ` the uk government must provide greater clarity and transparency on its intentions . ''
insp megan heathershaw said : ` ` thankfully , no one appears to have been injured during the incident , however some damage was caused to a building in the holburn street area .
it 's just one of the ways smu says it 's trying to get its mainly singaporean student population ready for work .
his wife has said she might have to lock him in the shed to stop him from buying back his own favourites .
but he put his tee shot into the water at the 16th , made a double bogey and was tied for the lead at 14 under .
jonathan douglas -lrb- ipswich town -rrb- header from the centre of the box is close , but misses to the left .
ms evans said : ` ` i think there 's a debate to be had about whether or not judges are subject to some kind of democratic control . ''
actor connor lawson , who plays alex , and gaia marcus , from the homelessness charity centrepoint , join jenny on the sofa to talk about it .
the levada centre can not now conduct any work linked to the election campaign .
a preliminary report issued by the accident investigation board norway -lrb- aibn -rrb- said it had found ` ` features strongly consistent with fatigue '' in parts of the main gearbox -lrb- mgb -rrb- .
there was no scoffing .
as i say , you ca n't win this event as a one - man team .
the hack took place in early february and involved hackers getting access to the core network of bangladesh 's central bank .
` ` but the big question is whether , in the event of brexit , we would be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the eu and on what terms . ''
they also intend to limit the amount of heading in practice for children between the ages of 11 and 13 .
the second man was punched and knocked out when he came across the first victim lying unconscious on market street .
while a philippine spokesman said he was ` ` very happy '' it happened , the us side said they had a ` ` brief discussion '' in a pre - meal ` ` hold space '' for leaders .
british cyclist chris froome won his second tour de france later on sunday .
forth ports group chief executive charles hammond said : ` ` this is an important investment for the business which will further secure grangemouth 's position as scotland 's largest container terminal .
no , we do n't mean how you hang your washing up or the letters your parents get through the post .
how trade and the uk 's economy are affected by membership of the eu .
warrington made their second appearance in the world club series , having lost to st george illawarra in 2015 , and ended an eight - match losing streak for super league clubs against their nrl counterparts with their win over the broncos on saturday .
mr glass - who lived in thailand with ms anderson - is to hear the charges formally on thursday and a translator has been called in for the hearing .
the victims were taken to edinburgh royal infirmary , where they were treated for minor injuries .
the australian 3rd division infantry trained on salisbury plain in 1916 and the dig uncovered a chalk plaque inscribed with the names of australian bombers - soldiers specially trained to use hand grenades .
the vehicle ran over five people sleeping on the street , killing 38-year - old noor ullah khan and seriously injuring three others .
insp luke breakspear , of greater manchester police , said the fire investigation was in its infancy .
but organisers have cancelled saturday 's event due to ` ` extremely severe weather conditions . ''
it was the leinster pack , however , who had the final say , with lock molony emerging at the bottom of a pile of bodies to score the decisive try .
explaining the decision to increase his jail term , one of the three appeal court judges - lady justice hallett - told paterson his victims had been , ` ` left feeling violated and vulnerable '' .
originally brought in to deal with mice infesting fishing boats , the cats now eat scraps , crops or food given to them by tourists or local people .
fossil finds have revealed a wealth of information about the dinosaurs that once roamed the earth , but little has been known about the very earliest stages of their lives .
ms khong says initially it was hard to find the needy because they were largely hidden in kuala lumpur .
` ` two days of strike action in this campaign are planned for next week , and these will take place in all colleges where lecturers have been balloted as part of the national dispute .
mr burrows , who is now banned for life from working in any regulated financial industries , has since paid back the # 42,550 , plus # 450 in legal costs .
lomond mountain rescue team located two others on the lower slopes .
he added : ` ` the department of defense has launched a full investigation , and we will await the results of that inquiry before making a definitive judgment as to the circumstances of this tragedy . ''
friday 1 april - a woman 's body is recovered from the sea east of portland headland in dorset
earlier , the mother of one of arlene 's friends told the inquest she became scared of robert howard after he told her he had killed a six - year - old girl .
the hosts lost opener chris dent for a duck in the fourth over and gareth roderick -lrb- 23 -rrb- shortly after .
alton towers ' owner merlin entertainment said the crash was the ` ` most serious '' incident in the park 's history and quickly promised compensation to those affected .
google 's share price rise ` ` is reflecting the fact that they ' ve effectively just beat earnings for the first time in several quarters , '' said victor anthony , an analyst at axiom capital .
a new law on revenge porn - someone uploading explicit images or film of a former partner to humiliate or embarrass them - has led to the prosecution of 206 people across england and wales since its introduction in april 2015 .
he was also being assessed for post - traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- .
it is the first nigerian - produced musical to be performed at a london theatre .
guedioura initially joined wolves on loan in january 2010 before signing permanently at the end of the season .
congratulations on making the top five sound of 2016 .
speaking ahead of his statement to the scottish parliament , mr swinney said the scottish government remained ` ` absolutely committed '' to the named person service as a way to support children and their families .
` ` there is a well - trodden stereotype of ladies ' day that people turn up in their finery and stagger out at the end of the day , '' mr heath said .
buttler 's effort was the joint - seventh fastest in the history of odi cricket and the quickest against pakistan .
after the mansion 's contents were removed and charred timbers were carefully lifted out by crane , an archaeological salvage operation got under way which will continue until the spring .
but after the costs of last year 's merger between paddy power and betfair were taken into account the company reported a loss of # 5.7 m.
the nobel committee received a record 241 nominations for the 2011 prize .
according to sales data compiled by the official charts company , the biggest selling single of the 1960s was she loves you by the beatles .
galloway also missed the end of last season , having ruptured the achilles tendon in his other leg .
the rangers supporters ' association boys club was founded in 1960 for boys between five and 17-years - old .
but first minister carwyn jones has said the welsh government will have to rethink its plans to win wider support .
police scotland 's dog branch and air support unit have been deployed in the irvine area in an effort to trace gordon speirs .
education spokeswoman margaret smith said : ` ` i ' m pleased that teachers are excited about teaching the new curriculum , but as children return to school today , there are still no criteria for the new national exams replacing standard grades .
english heritage 's kendra grahame - clarke said the privy was restored using archival information found at the hall , and is now ` ` one of the poshest outdoor privies in the country '' .
mr roache also paid tribute to mr kenny for his work ` ` that has made gmb the envy of the union movement '' .
` ` we ' ve got a very special set of players at the moment and it 's a great honour to be able to lead them onto the field , '' he told the club website .
wales route managing director , paul mcmahon said : ` ` we 're working really hard to keep services running , but unfortunately the conwy valley line will be closed for several days with flood waters having reached platform level at north llanwrst .
the shortlisted options being considered are a third runway at heathrow , extending its existing northern runway and a second runway at gatwick .
danny rose -lrb- portsmouth -rrb- hits the left post with a left footed shot from outside the box .
the detained women , aged between 20 and 25 , were in the costa brava town accompanying a youth group trip .
` ` all of them would like to go to germany , '' he said .
match ends , dover athletic 3 , chester fc 1 .
the three other people who had been aboard the overturned speedboat were also taken to hospital after being treated at the lifeboat station . ''
the defence ministry confirmed more than 100 soldiers had been ` ` killed or injured '' but a security official in mazar - e sharif told the bbc that more than 100 had died , including a top military commander .
ms stuart said : ` ` it is clear that it will be impossible to reduce net migration below 100,000 if we vote to stay in the eu .
mankind initiative said male domestic abuse figures are particularly high in south yorkshire .
the referendum on whether the uk stays in the eu will be held before 2018 .
president zuma 's obituary has been written many times before only for him to rise from the ashes .
would you be happy to talk to a bbc journalist ?
lord jones said he was satisfied that disclosing the data would have no adverse impact on current or future crash investigations - but that it could only be disclosed to the crown office and police scotland .
` ` both alviro petersen and haseeb hameed batted extremely well .
a member of the public raised the alarm after seeing the woman , aged in her 50s , fall at peveril point , near swanage , on saturday afternoon .
three lifeboats and a rescue helicopter went to the scene .
this is not the first time that a machine has mastered complex games .
most students will learn european languages like french , german or spanish - but nel visited a school where students are learning the chinese language mandarin .
the paper also said mrs fillon was paid 100,000 euros for little apparent work at a literary review owned by a billionaire friend of the family - an allegation that could lead to corruption charges against her husband .
in the house of lords , there is a final chance to table amendments .
roarie deacon -lrb- sutton united -rrb- right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner .
the result for the south shields by - election is also expected early on friday morning .
it follows a report earlier in december which said motorists are more likely to be tested for drink driving in north wales than anywhere else in the uk .
for george ford , man of the match in the millennium , this was a different sort of challenge in a different sort of match .
unconfirmed media reports say that chinese troops have entered what india says is its territory near the disputed border .
police investigating the incident at raf marham confirmed the sighting was not one of the suspects .
wales fly - half rhys priestland is also at bath and concentrating on his club career during a sabbatical from test rugby .
australian batsman david warner also hit a century on day one of the test and dedicated it to hughes .
two vehicles drove into crowds at a market in urumqi and threw explosives in thursday 's attack .
adams is now free to play against bristol city on sunday , with harry redknapp 's side needing victory to secure championship safety .
he returned to the living room , where he stabbed his partner three times in the upper body in front of their daughter and ms dunlop 's step - mother .
the pga tour statement added bohn 's wife was at ` ` home in atlanta but his in - laws joined him at the hospital , as did fellow player george mcneill , who said bohn was in good spirits '' .
it added the bbc should receive a licence fee increase that tracks inflation when the corporation 's charter is renewed next year .
the christmas tree in trafalgar square has been given to london by the people of norway since 1947 , as a gift for britain 's support during world war two .
they said they wanted their new press secretary to provide them with expert advice and spearhead the communication of stormont 's policies .
one of the targets in paris was the stade de france , where germany were playing france in a friendly match .
if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk .
sir christopher launched his singing career in the 1990s , with an album of broadway tunes , including i stole the prince from gilbert and sullivan 's the gondoliers , and epiphany from sweeney todd .
five years ago , cambridge was home to at least three world - beating uk - owned technology firms , arm , autonomy and cambridge silicon radio -lrb- csr -rrb- .
ten people were detained in the st petersburg raids , itar - tass news agency says .
there has also been scrutiny of the met police 's handling of an investigation into a rape allegation against the late lord brittan , a former home secretary .
` ` pleased for dai as well , to have two maiden first - class tons in one game was a pretty good effort . ''
however , the head of the egyptian committee investigating the crash , ayman al - muqaddim , was quoted by state tv on monday as saying there was ` ` no evidence that there is an act of terror or illegal intervention '' .
in a letter sent to his local conservative association , sir eric wrote : ` ` it has been an enormous honour to represent the constituency for 25 years ; brentwood and ongar is a wonderful place to live .
victory moved newcastle out of the relegation zone at the expense of swansea , where shelvey said he had been ` ` hung out to dry '' .
det con rich shelton said : ` ` this gang targeted a mum and her young daughter , even stooping as low as to hold a gun to the head of a woman who was clearly heavily pregnant and absolutely terrified .
he can play a small toy piano and is even named after a musician .
different parts of the business operate in silos , and the sharing of information is not what it should be .
the gmc sets the standards that are expected of all uk doctors who carry out cosmetic procedures .
for the time being the value of the deal has not been revealed .
he said after considering the quality of provision , the impact on existing students and the availability of post-16 education in the area ` ` i have agreed their request to close the sixth form '' .
` ` if you saw them in thornbury and they were walking to the club or to school they 'd always have a rugby ball in their hand and throwing it from one side of the road to the other over the traffic , '' he said .
` ` oil production has been going up and up and up remorselessly for a very long time , '' he says , ` ` and it will continue to do so . ''
the gorkha campaign for a separate state started in the early 1980s .
hamilton said : ` ` big congratulations to valtteri .
it was the fourth time mr besigye , candidate for the opposition forum for democratic change , had taken on president museveni .
as part of the ceasefire deal , 750 people have been evacuated simultaneously from two shia towns in idlib province that are under siege by rebel forces - foah and kefraya .
forest green rovers 5 , torquay united 5 .
it follows kante , 26 , being voted the professional footballers ' association player of the year for 2016 - 17 .
in northamptonshire , the conservative party gained 8,832 votes in the local election - 45.54 % of the vote .
mcgregor typically uses 4 oz fingerless gloves in mma , while undefeated boxer mayweather has used 8 oz gloves in 46 of his 49 bouts .
o'donnell wrote on her blog that she searched ` ` women 's heart attack symptoms '' , which included sudden nausea and aches , before taking a few aspirin .
solomona moved clear as super league 's leading try - scorer with his 13th of the season , but tigers were frustrated by improved wigan defence in the second period as they suffered their fourth defeat in a row at the dw stadium .
that 's why you ' ve been hearing the words ` ` eu '' and ` ` reform '' of late from the nervous mouths of some you 'd least expect , such as germany 's angela merkel and donald tusk , the brussels - based president of the european council .
asked whether he respected mr putin , the us president replied : ` ` i do respect him ... well i respect a lot of people .
` ` it is scary to think that there is a threat from north korea on guam . ''
second half ends , wycombe wanderers 1 , stevenage 0 .
the man , who had rib and back injuries , was flown to hospital in a rescue helicopter .
a parachute system deployed in the very late stages of the flight and put the two - tonne vehicle gently in the ocean .
` ` the glasgow school of art sits at the heart of the garnethill community and the people of glasgow hold the mackintosh building dear .
` ` we have a major recruitment campaign going on locally to try and attract nurses living within our local community back into nursing . ''
in a victim statement to the court , miss cherry 's daughter said : ` ` reade has held her body in a cupboard with things on top of her like she was a piece of rubbish .
i do n't think there 's too much wrong , it 's not a disaster and it 's not time to panic . ''
fred westerbeke , a spokesman for the dutch prosecutor 's office , said that seven fragments had been found which were definitely not part of the aircraft , and further investigations had shown that they were probably from a missile system .
the men were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .
the 24-year - old was under contract with the stags , but marcus bignot 's side have reached an agreement to bring him in on a free transfer .
` ` i feel sure viewers will relish their time in tilling , and will enjoy watching the slyly scheming mapp take on the gloriously haughty lucia in a dizzying round of bitter bridge parties , devious dinners and malicious musical evenings , '' said screenwriter pemberton .
` ` i would look at andy halliday , '' said ferguson when considering the key moments .
the 39-year - old is the longest - serving manager in scotland 's top flight and was in the four - man shortlist for the pfa scotland manager of the year , won by celtic 's brendan rodgers .
lewis hamilton 's formula 1 career is one of many illustrations of the problems with using statistics alone to define a driver 's ` ` greatness '' .
they stretch on the siberian coast for 11 miles , near to the arctic circle .
yet hundreds of people attended lytham crematorium to pay their respects , as a testimony to the power of remembrance and social networking .
the men , aged 36 and 37 , were arrested on monday in the rotherham area .
widow susan schneider williams wants the contents of her home to be excluded from items left to his three children .
the russian ministry for economic development said the manufacturing , construction , agriculture and service sectors all contracted in november .
` ` west indies bowled at him for so long that later in the day they bowled off line and then the middle order kill you , they just give it a whack .
the second wembley semi - final between arsenal and manchester city , which will kick off at 15:00 bst on sunday , 23 april , will be shown on bt sport , with highlights later on bbc one .
watch : how shauna coxsey became the uk 's first bouldering world champion
` ` the internet court breaks geographic boundaries and greatly saves time in traditional hearings , '' said wang jiangqiao , the court 's vice - president , via state media .
the men entered the post office in quarrywood avenue , in the barmulloch area , at 07:55 on friday .
bill clinton 's pursuit of a ` ` third way '' politics was designed to make the democrats more electable and to end the party 's losing streak in presidential politics .
` ` my exams are n't until may so commonwealths being in april , it 's just not going to work out unfortunately , '' said the middle distance runner .
but in fact many of the polish delis that have emerged in the uk are owned by non - poles .
st johnstone made a positive start but trakai carved out the first opening in the seventh minute .
but not all groups operating in the country are part of the deal .
asked if he was relieved to be retained , the exeter chiefs player replied : ` ` oh yeah .
` ` so for me it 's about communicating my experiences about keeping fit with the general public - to help people take those first steps to being more active than they already are and finding a way into sport . ''
but konta stayed firm in the final set , claiming the break and reaching the semi - final on her fifth match point .
the service , at 14:00 bst , is being held at st john the baptist in cardiff city centre .
in the singles chart , james arthur holds on to the number one spot for the third week in a row , with his downbeat ballad say you wo n't let go .
but the reading team says current ice extent is actually a poor guide to the scale of the eventual september low point .
the uk foreign office has been made aware of the incident .
mills is ebbsfleet 's first signing since winning promotion from national league south in may .
the scottish government 's # inspiringteachers campaign is focusing on science , technology , engineering and maths .
it heard that his conduct was ` ` fundamentally incompatible '' with being a registered teacher .
ireland : rob kearney ; tommy bowe , keith earls , robbie henshaw , dave kearney ; johnny sexton , conor murray ; cian healy , rory best , mike ross ; devin toner , paul o'connell ; peter o'mahony , sean o'brien , jamie heasip .
` ` despite the fact we ' ve been relegated , i feel pretty optimistic about the future and quite excited to be getting stuck in under peter moores . ''
but a plan to introduce a minimum price of 45p per unit of alcohol was shelved by the coalition government three years ago .
townsend had already voluntarily withdrawn from the england squad for the european under-21 championship .
nordstrom , which has more than 340 stores in the us and canada , said about a quarter of sales in the three months to march were online .
the welshman appeared in a laboured win over the provincial barbarians in the tour opener and the 22 - 16 defeat by the blues .
clive weatherhogg set up meetings between the woman and a man he found through an adult website , and filmed them having sex .
earlier this month , argentine foreign ministry officials said they would prosecute oil companies operating near the falkland islands .
damien comer hit a third connacht goal as they led 3 - 6 to 1 - 10 at half - time before ulster took control .
lancashire batsman liam livingstone told bbc manchester :
lgbt rights supporters turned up at the march to show their backing for mr pena nieto 's proposal to legalise same - sex marriage , but police said there were no clashes .
` ` this is the happiest i have been in a long time , '' said sinclair , who started only three times for manchester city .
in a statement , rugby borough council said its leader and the council 's executive director and head of planning had met with coventry city in march .
gotze - nominally playing as a striker - drifted to find space , allowing muller to fill the gaps left behind .
responding to the newcastle and gateshead announcement , the north east chamber of commerce said : ` ` the great exhibition looks set to be the launch pad of real growth in our regional economy . ''
he said following the ` ` feedback ... i will not be proposing to hold a referendum on any additional increase beyond the 4.99 % limit set by government '' .
niger is one of the biggest uranium producers in the world and the metal is the country 's largest export .
rb leipzig 3 , 1 .
federer , 33 , also paid tribute to compatriot stan wawrinka , who helped set up the victory in lille by beating jo - wilfried tsonga before partnering federer to win the doubles .
but if i must pick two , i would say froome and nairo quintana , '' said contador , also a two - time tour winner .
cut to a close - up of the thwack of willow on leather - boris at the wicket of a rather posh , rather jolly , cricket match .
a second photo posted to the cricketer 's account showed him and his wife , reeva , with a lion looking on in the background .
last month argentina took control of spanish - owned oil company ypf .
the rmt claims that dutch firm abellio is plundering a Â # 1m - a - month profit which scotland 's railways desperately need .
this year 's lumiere will take place in durham from 12 - 15 november .
` ` today is a good day in the city of phoenix , '' mayor greg stanton said .
meanwhile , 22-year - old goalkeeper liam roberts has agreed a new one - year deal .
the earlier draft of trump 's executive order allowed religious organisations and private corporations to deny services to any individual based on ` ` sincere religious beliefs '' .
former army captain rachel webster , who was arrested and questioned after a dawn raid in january 2014 , said the closure of ihat was ` ` too little too late '' .
ms al - jeffery , who has dual nationality , says her father took the action against her will after she ` ` kissed a guy '' .
ms mcphee said : ` ` as our new prime minister takes office , this report makes clear that the social security system is simply not working for the most vulnerable people in our society .
lucas failed to complete the first of the 10-race series but recovered to win seven of the next nine .
gary nixon , 44 , fled to scotland after advertising tickets online for the sweden v england match in germany and said he could arrange accommodation .
graham scored his seventh goal of the season with a shot from the edge of the area to leave rose to concentrate on next week 's scottish junior cup tie away to kilwinning rangers .
foul by emanuele giaccherini -lrb- italy -rrb- .
united are back at the milk cup this year , competing in the premier section .
he said the liberal democrats should hold their heads high for what they achieved in government , but conceded that ` ` clearly we have a lot of rebuilding to do '' .
the care home provider says it can not afford to pay the full rent on its homes .
but the critics in his own party are the bigger problem .
second half begins wrexham 0 , macclesfield town 0 .
there 's a lot to think about .
he said the report ` ` highlights some of the excellent work taking place in critical care units and hospitals across wales '' .
housing and regeneration minister carl sargeant said he was ` ` delighted '' with the range of projects being supported .
carlisle move down to 11th while cambridge sit 12th , four and five points off the play - off places respectively .
newcastle lock calum green , 26 , has also been banned for a week after admitting striking with his arm .
but she 's started taking a special music class which has helped her to speak at school .
twelve victorian forts were built in the 19th century to defend the milford haven waterway .
but some of the animals were so sick they died shortly after arriving at their new homes , or cost their new owners thousands of pounds in vet bills .
some of the songs from madonna 's latest album , rebel heart , were recently leaked online .
it ran into the lake shortly after it was shot with a tranquiliser dart .
the researchers at harper adams university have a theory slugs are not evenly distributed over a field .
ray cardy , who walked past the bank shortly after the raid , said : ` ` the dumper truck had been driven through the front doors , turned round and smashed the atm from behind .
the 59-year - old , from dundee , had denied a charge under the social security administration act that he fraudulently claimed employment support allowance and income support totalling # 39,808 .
the desert kingdom emerged out of the post - first world war division of the middle east by britain and france .
another aim is to develop robots that can improve and adapt to new situations , according to andre rosendo - who also worked on the project .
rent costs charged to the community association of volunteers are set to increase from # 250 to # 750 a year and it will also have to meet the costs of the insurance for the first time .
then from september , anyone still leaving rubbish outside bins will face fixed penalty notices .
he says the immigrants were placed in his trailer while he was distracted .
burkina faso , who reached the final of the last tournament in 2013 , finally woke up as the match approached half - time .
froome is also set to become the first man since indurain , who won his five titles consecutively from 1991 , to successfully defend the title .
the arresting officer , brian encinia , has been charged with allegedly lying about it , a prosecutor announced after a day of grand jury discussions .
match ends , swindon town 1 , millwall 0 .
ms gallacher , who works for sky sports , has been bailed to appear at slough magistrates ' court on 4 september .
a year ago , the number of personal insolvencies in scotland fell to its lowest level for more than 14 years following the introduction of the bankruptcy and debt advice -lrb- scotland -rrb- act .
the prime minister agrees .
having played in eight matches and twice served as a vice - captain , no - one can question sorenstam 's passion for the event .
the force welcomed the hmic report , but it said it was important to note it was about the recording of crime and not the way it was investigated .
while the most senior midwives in northern ireland got the rise in a one - off payment last march , those on lower pay bands did not .
while there is excitement at the prospect of using stem cells to restore nerves in the ear this exact technique will not help the vast , vast majority of people with hearing loss .
rebecca hilsenrath , head of the equality and human rights commission , said the remarks were ` ` truly disgusting '' as well as unlawful .
in this case , a young girl has been left feeling scared and upset after her home was broken into .
` ` the intention is to make the building self sufficient . ''
the save the children 's report coincides with international day of the girl on tuesday .
more than 20 mosques were expected to take part .
that emphasis on the west midlands and yorkshire is telling : 28 of the seats that dr hanretty currently expects to flip are in those two areas .
governor mark carney has already warned the uk 's economic outlook is ` ` challenging '' following the decision to leave the eu .
the three hospitals were last on black alert earlier this month .
` ` the one thing about lee is he is a motivator .
the yomper statue was created by philip jackson , depicting a royal marine marching across the islands during the 1982 conflict and was unveiled by former prime minister , lady thatcher , in 1992 .
marco mccullough defeated luis ligo in his fight for the vacant wbo intercontinental featherweight championship when his opponent failed to come off his stool for the fifth round .
wrockwardine wood and sutherland academies , also run by the telford co - operative multi - academy trust , were put in special measures earlier this week .
` ` none were taken by any of the defendants and amanda telfer died as a result . ''
the work he did on the committee not only saved him , it allowed him to make a major contribution to the chinese language .
` ` lee committing his future to us is a big boost for everybody and a sensible decision from the boy , '' boss neil harris told the club website .
on thursday , 10 arab countries agreed to help the us attack the group in both iraq and syria .
striker church , currently on loan at scottish premiership side aberdeen from reading , was delighted with his equaliser from the spot .
microsoft bought 925 patents and patent applications from aol .
the judgements are significant because putting poor performing schools under the leadership of non - profit - making academy trusts or sponsors is the government 's key engine of school improvement .
pang made a 37.5 km lap around beijing in 13min and 43 sec , driving three times faster than the official limit .
` ` it 's an easy job for me and he 's world champion , '' said froch .
dublin runner brian gregan won the 400 m while city of lisburn club 's amy foster was second in the 100 m in 11.70 .
` ` people are in shock , still . ''
last month , sources at the global chemical watchdog , the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons -lrb- opcw -rrb- , announced that sulphur mustard had been used last year in an attack on kurdish forces in iraq blamed on is .
lindegaard made 29 appearances for manchester united over five years before his move to the baggies .
assisted by armando izzo with a cross .
` ` where do i see myself in the next five to 10 years ?
the qc referred him to ` ` other accounts '' which suggested that he ` ` ran into the water and then carried out a baywatch - style dive '' .
metropolitan police commissioner sir bernard hogan - howe agreed that random stop and search powers had created distrust between some communities and the police in london .
on - loan winger kazenga lualua is back in training after an ankle injury but is still a doubt for the visitors .
mrs zaghari - ratcliffe 's family said in september that a revolutionary court had handed down the five - year term .
the champion knew he needed a stoppage in the final round but he lacked energy and intensity as fury managed to keep the disappointing chisora at length to take the fight and british and commonwealth titles on points .
he then called the coastguard .
the vikings ' victory had looked assured when mellor took advantage of castleford indecision on a short kick - off , running straight through to help them to a 26-point lead .
a grey smart fortwo prime , a black volkswagon golf and a grey volvo were involved in the crash .
mr burnham said the last labour government had introduced an extended - hours scheme which , in 2009 , funded 77 % of surgeries to open on evenings and weekends .
two men , aged 18 and 21 , from old swan and huyton , were arrested on suspicion of murder on tuesday .
we saw that last year when there was an oversupply of milk and farmers in west wales were in danger of not having a buyer for their milk . ''
they are planning to fly there after a search of the area failed to leave any indication of his whereabouts .
the men 's lawyers , however , say they will apply to have the case dismissed due to a ` ` complete lack of evidence '' .
instead of admitting their mistake , two members of staff , who have been described as ` ` very experienced '' , tried to cover it up by using another person 's ashes for the ceremony in front of the family .
now the former granary building is being turned into an arts centre , run by a community interest company .
the group had been sailing around the county down lough on wednesday when three crew members went ashore on green island .
last year , after red bull were 1.6 seconds off the pace at the first race , max verstappen won the fifth race in spain .
back at the wang home , the family avoid discussing the issue of taiwan 's sovereignty or kevin 's part in the movement until they are asked .
overall , the performance of prisons appears to have worsened , with the moj naming 10 in england and wales as causing ` ` serious concern '' .
the man is said to be in a stable condition in hospital .
` ` from the british olympic committee 's perspective , we would love to see team gb football , '' robertson told sportsweek .
but at cardiff crown court on thursday , a judge ordered him to pay back # 115,000 to his ex - employers .
the sculpture of hindu goddess uma parameshvari is thought to have been stolen from a shiva temple in tamil nadu in southern india .
wada did praise improvements made to rio 's anti - doping laboratory , however .
but during a ceremony to honour the victims , one policeman refused the shake hands with the president and his prime minister .
it is also likely to end any hopes of a political comeback for ehud olmert .
the family were told of the missing organs just before the hearing began .
the suspects are accused of planning attacks against several ` ` symbolic targets '' in brussels , as well as on the police , according to the belgian broadcaster rtbf .
and , while he is unimpressed by the manner of borthwick 's exit , he is certain england have made an astute appointment .
the inquest heard arthur had taken lsd with a friend and he was seen ` ` staggering '' on his own before he fell off the cliff .
the new world is included in a haul of 500 new possible planets sighted by the kepler space telescope around distant stars .
the council aims for 50 % of trips to be made by sustainable modes by 2026 .
the isle of man steam - packet company confirmed no passengers or crew were injured .
the uk currently takes children from refugee camps in syria and its neighbours but there has been pressure to take some who are already in the eu .
it has come a long way from the days when it was totally fine for a parent to smack a child and many argue this was n't a clear - cut case of abuse , which is regrettably still too common .
april 2011 , omagh , county tyrone : constable ronan kerr is killed after a bomb explodes under his car outside his home .
jockeys formed a guard of honour amid huge cheers as the rider was honoured at the surrey track .
the story of alan kurdi 's family
` ` when you 're in a slump it 's easy to forget you 're still the one who is in control . ''
celtic 's largest shareholder dermot desmond said on wednesday ` ` in excess of six '' candidates had been interviewed for the manager 's position .
tanveer iqbal 's body was found in his renault clio in portland road , edgbaston , on monday afternoon .
in a letter to mrs may , he said the inquiry would be best served by being split into two parts to ensure ` ` timeliness would not have to be sacrificed for rigour '' .
the home secretary said appropriate adults ` ` provide vital support and help to demystify what can be a confusing , sometimes frightening , experience in police custody '' .
` ` he was a tremendous son who was always willing to help everyone and even in death , he will continue to help others '' .
` ` ironically it 's that promotion that changes the whole nature of club and we came back to league one with this burden of expectation that we need to be a championship club , '' said winkelman .
that took the employment rate to a record high of 74.2 % in the three months to march .
the 15,000 spectators on centre court were on their feet as the briton levelled at 5 - 5 , and fognini could not halt murray 's momentum as the champion served his way to victory .
both teams face a hectic schedule of five limited - overs games in a week , as the one - day cup and t20 blast groups both reach their climax .
a 3 - 0 series victory for india would put them second in the world rankings behind the south africans , who will lose top spot if they lose their next test series at home to england , which begins on 26 december .
she added archaeologists were expecting to find human remains in this area because of similar late roman or medieval burials uncovered during the building of the railway line during the 19th century .
robson 's progress in the first six months of this year was unspectacular .
brian cookson wants to be re - elected later this year for a second term as president of cycling 's world governing body , and sees a fresh mandate as his future .
when we arrived at the engineer 's home , the dilapidated machine was an eyesore at the bottom of his garden .
friends , collaborators and fans have been paying tribute on their social media accounts .
the body of the man in his 70s , was found at the house in nettleden road , little gaddesden , near berkhamsted , on saturday afternoon .
a 25-year - old man was later arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of an accident and bailed until february .
he said : ` ` they have taken their eye off the ball in some aspects of that care . ''
legolas was not posing a danger to livestock because there were no cattle in the area , indicating the animal had instead been shot in an opportunistic attack , ccb said .
the un estimates that a third more cocaine was being produced in the country in 2016 .
his owner tanya irons said she could not believe he was ` ` so porky '' .
- colin kazim - richards - arsenal 0 - 1 blackburn colin kazim - richards grabs a goal from deep inside the penalty box low into the middle of the goal .
cardiff and vale health board said it was asking people to be ` ` sensible '' .
the two suspensions have yet to be officially confirmed by the ulster council .
` ` it is a matter for serious concern that contractors should use racist language among themselves , '' said the report .
drivers are also being asked to take extra care after snow fell overnight in some parts of northern ireland .
cheltenham 's exit ended league two 's representation in the efl cup before thursday 's third - round draw .
the nigeria international has been on loan at qatari club al ain this season .
two people were taken to queen elizabeth university hospital .
the molecular tape recorder developed by prof shendure 's team at the university of washington in seattle , us , is a length of dna inserted into the genome that contains a series of edit points which can be changed throughout an organism 's life .
the line is due to reopen on 4 may .
i ' ve worked with a lot of coaches and he 's one of the best colleagues i ' ve had . ''
` ` the day of her departure , he came up to her hotel , gave her a package that was wrapped in black plastic and she took it and put it in her luggage , '' she told australian radio station kiis fm .
` ` we were sponsors for two years and when they were ready to change the franchise holder , they approached me , and asked whether we would be interested , '' says terry .
you 'll feel better that you 're not the only one worried .
he was drafted by the marlins in 2011 at 20 years old and named national league rookie of the year in 2013 .
but local action group pylon the pressure won the right to a judicial review .
he accuses us - based cleric fetullah gulen of being behind the coup attempt .
michael doyle -lrb- portsmouth -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
` ` we must do more to encourage small businesses based in scotland to invest in digital skills , allowing them to make the most out of being online and to reap the benefits . ''
` ` these strikes across the whole range of transport services form a major part of our ongoing fight against cuts to pensions , jobs and pay . ''
new york fashion week : six talking points
marion janner says the family has evidence lord janner could not have committed the crimes he is accused of , which will emerge during civil cases against him .
now an australian open semi - finalist , this eastbourne resident has practically doubled her career prize money in under two weeks and left australia wondering how they let her get away .
` ` facebook tramples on european and belgian privacy laws , '' it said after publishing a report analysing changes that the company made to its privacy policies in january .
although police will not formally rule that out until a cause of death has been established , it has emerged that no faults were found with the boiler during tests carried out by the health and safety executive and scottish gas .
chancellor philip hammond said the uk economy had now grown consistently for four - and - a - half years .
it is thought that no one has been charged with contempt of parliament since the 1950s .
the career of lord attenborough , who died in august 2014 , spanned 65 years and some of the stills reflect his iconic roles , including as the gangster pinky in brighton rock .
having completed a circuit of the walls , members of the apprentice boys made their way to the diamond for a wreath laying ceremony .
knox has had a taste of the other majors , finishing in a tie for 45th at the us open in 2013 , featuring at the us pga championship in 2014 and 2015 and making his open debut as a reserve at st andrews last year .
despite their difficulties , the eu and turkey both benefit if they can make a strategic relationship work , and they need support from each other to deal with the crises they are facing .
the first traffic restrictions and safety cameras will be brought in along the m74 northbound and southbound from j6 hamilton to j3a daldowie .
conservative mp nadhim zahawi said : ` ` osama bin laden was a terrorist who any sensible human being in the world would want either killed or arrested .
the previously recognised most distant object is the dwarf planet eris .
fbi agents travelled to italy to take part in the raids .
changing faces says the adverts are ` ` insensitive '' because of the similarity to masks worn by people recovering from burns .
jimmy carlson , 64 , from islington , north london , has been appointed obe for helping to improve services .
hull 's defeat at selhurst park sealed the tigers ' fate and ensuring swansea will remain in the premier league for a seventh successive season .
abu dhabi united group is an investment company owned by sheikh mansour bin zayed nahyan and was formed to enable him to buy manchester city football club in 2008 .
they were held to a draw by scotland at workington last week and at anfield looked some way short of producing the sort of mercurial , against - the - odds performance that saw them win the four nations in 2014 .
the 85-year - old was taken to hospital where she later died .
the commission says its campaign - ` ` you ca n't miss it '' - is designed to ` ` cut through the noise '' that everyone will be hearing about the eu referendum .
` ` i ' m genuinely excited to be part of such a fantastic team . ''
the great - grandfather , who had recently been given the all - clear from prostate cancer , was returning from a cycle meeting when his car crashed into the back of daley 's ford fusion .
froome won the tour de france after both his previous dauphine successes .
with a referendum soon to take place in turkey , german local officials cancelled a political rally of the turkish diaspora in germany that turkey 's justice minister had planned to address .
he was portrayed as an ira member by a regional paper and served six years of a 10-year sentence .
` ` i just think anthony joshua has got that george foreman , frank bruno brutish strength - that ingredient that is hard to hold him off . ''
its most controversial task was to consider a campaign to repeal the eighth amendment of the irish constitution - which gives an equal right to life to a pregnant woman and an unborn child .
turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu has said that is should be ` ` completely cleansed '' from areas in northern syria near its border .
neil amner , chairman of the scottish chambers of commerce economic advisory group , said : ` ` our latest economic data shows that many scottish businesses will have a successful 2017 , with business optimism remaining positive for many sectors .
joshua himself asked the question in the build - up to saturday 's fight of whether ` ` father time has caught up with the former champ ? ''
they point to the fact that in 2007 and 2008 large numbers of jatropha trees were planted for biofuel , especially in africa .
italian grand prix coverage
she and prince philip married in november 1947 at westminster abbey , the same location as her coronation in june 1953 .
the report showed people in wales are the television addicts of the uk .
work on it started in march 2016 and first minister carwyn jones will officially open it on thursday morning .
the county council said the funding came with strings attached and snibston was part of a wider review of museums .
tomic , who has won three atp tour titles , has earned almost # 4 m in career prize money , including # 35,000 for his defeat by zverev .
some researchers have argued that the british general deserves an honourable position in history for his personal achievements , one of which was the capture of montreal in 1760 .
by virtue of a link from the bbc , students will have a large audience but people will also be able to access other pages on the school website .
you will be able to watch the one - to - one interview , hosted by bbc scotland political editor brian taylor , via bbc scotland 's politics website .
becky treeby , of swep , said : ` ` dartmoor hill ponies were there for a reason , for ecology purposes to keep grass on the moors down , and they have been there for thousands of years .
while the un puts the number of militant dead below 200 , israel claims about 900 palestinian militants were killed in the fighting .
it began as a hashtag on facebook and instagram by bangor elim church , where josh 's father is on the pastoral staff , and has since gone viral .
a small number of tablets , believed to be linked to the burglary , were later found in nearby orby close .
the friends of sherwood forest say the Â # 5.3 m centre , located on the edge of a country park , will devastate the area .
the woman said she heard footsteps and thought it was a friend who was coming up behind her .
oxfam said other countries failing to get halfway towards their ` ` fair share '' included :
platini is one of the favourites to replace him and still plans to stand .
the 22-year - old spent last season on loan at southend and luton , scoring nine goals in a combined 43 matches in league one and league two respectively .
cheshire was regarded as a potential medallist at the sochi winter olympics , but a heavy crash in training resulted in a serious concussion that meant she missed the event .
government and negotiators have now invited the un security council to join them as an honest , reliable broker and oversee the end of the conflict .
the planned prison reforms , drawn up by justice secretary and leading leave campaigner michael gove , were billed as the centrepiece of the speech .
southern health has previously been criticised over its failure to properly investigate the deaths of hundreds of patients in its care between 2011 and 2015 .
the council said a backlog of waste would be cleared by the weekend .
` ` we are delighted to have such a strong travelling squad for our pre - season tour to the united states , '' said assistant manager ryan giggs .
it was delivered by a politician with ` ` big ambitions '' .
pat mcginn was sinn féin councillor in newry for many years , serving as the council 's mayor between 2005 and 2006 .
the ulster bank surveys the activity of private sector firms every month , in what is considered a reliable indicator of the economy .
in september , ukip 's leader in northern ireland , david mcnarry , confirmed to the bbc that mr reilly had been suspended after party leader nigel farage visited belfast .
councils say they are carrying out urgent reviews of high - rise buildings in their areas in the aftermath of the grenfell tower fire .
the store was closed on friday and a police cordon put in place in the car park .
about half of the project 's # 66 m cost is being funded by the council .
thousands of police and security officers are expected to be deployed across the san francisco bay area , which covers nine different counties .
although he has yet to make up his mind whether to retire , terry is keen to become a manager once he does decide to stop playing .
` ` however , at least we can move on knowing that the public are properly protected from a man who , whilst badly treated by the nhs by a catalogue of failures , is a danger to the public if not properly supervised and medicated , '' he said .
` ` there was one bit of quality in the game , jack produced it and it won the game .
it was the first time in the history of professional baseball that fans had been locked out of a game .
mr tovey is accused of using two drones to drop contraband into the prison 's exercise yard on 29 october and 6 november .
` ` you are by profession a driving instructor , employed by lancashire county council to run speed awareness courses . ''
several of the projects being discussed later are in east renfrewshire , where # 44 m is expected to be invested over the next few years , with much of the money coming from the city deal funding .
polamalu is part of the greek orthodox faith and he said that some of the numbers surrounding his retirement also appealed to him .
` ` i ' ve had a rough few years with injuries and to come back and win europe 's strongest man has just meant the world to me , '' he said .
simon burrows , co - director of alice in wonderland limited which has co - ordinated the project , said : ` ` people who use the app can look at llandudno landmarks on screen , while characters from the alice books tell the story behind them .
now , if you still do n't know what we 're talking about ... find out here
but it said : ` ` the government is absolutely committed to the mental health of our armed forces and provides a wide range of support both during and after service .
` ` it is about the worst possible moment to downgrade the status and professional excellence of religious education in secondary schools . ''
seaworld can not add any new whales from the wild to its san diego tanks , and none of the 11 orcas currently at the park will be allowed to breed there .
team sky stressed henao had not failed a doping test and had been withdrawn because of the ` ` very obvious distraction to him '' .
` ` joey barton has been told he will return to full - time training following the conclusion of a disciplinary procedure , '' read a statement on rangers ' website .
arriva trains said as a result ` ` some affected peak time services have been busier than usual '' .
jason strange 's young wales side lost to australia , england and scotland during the tournament , with their only other victory coming against samoa .
with the jobs market having ground to a halt , and four children to look after , magda and miguel tilli decided they had no option but to take a chance on starting their own company .
northamptonshire police said six arrests were made when spectators from the away stand invaded the pitch and a further three when flares were let - off .
it will be only the fourth time in wimbledon 's history - after 1991 , 1997 and 2004 - there has been play on the middle sunday .
a public meeting was held on sunday when llandysul residents voted to call on ceredigion council to delay the process of selling the school site .
police said the boy was badly injured in the incident , after being struck in coatbridge .
the next step is for miri to be put in a special environment - controlled shipping box , so it can travel to the us space agency 's goddard centre .
for many people , that very visible impact of our membership of the eu has given them pause for thought .
he was married to actress isabella rossellini between 1979 and 1983 before going on to marry producer barbara de fina in 1985 .
takayuki yagami , another former senior trader at rabobank , in june became the first to plead guilty for his role in the scheme .
injecting these cells into damaged mouse livers led to near compete regeneration .
colwyn bay were relegated from the conference north at the end of the 2014 - 15 season .
participants are are not permitted to bet on olympic events and the trio violated the rio 2016 rules on the prevention of the manipulation of competitions .
english heritage said the scale of the development would cause ` ` severe harm '' to the conservation area .
that is certainly the case here in brazil , a country that has grown into one of the world 's top 10 economies , where vigorous political debate is the everyday norm and where , since the return of civilian rule in 1985 , the army 's place has unquestionably been back in the barracks .
prosecutor jane farquharson said he had ` ` suspicions '' that a friend was the father of his children .
some 100 people have been evacuated from high - risk areas .
he added : ` ` this particular area is not very well served with a good water supply so we had to run in two water mains from kingsnorth power station . ''
christina rees is the fourth mp to hold the shadow welsh secretary 's job under jeremy corbyn - and the fifth since the general election less than two years ago when she entered parliament .
mae ' r gwaharddiad mewn grym ar gyfer yr holl fyddin , ble bynnag y maen nhw yn y byd .
others visited a justgiving page , which raised # 500,000 in under 17 hours .
mr trump denies any ties to moscow , and has instead alleged that mr obama ordered wiretapping of trump tower during the presidential election .
mr bennett posted the picture on the crohn 's and colitis uk facebook page to show what ` ` a normal person '' looks like with a colostomy bag .
ethnic violence has dominated the crisis in south sudan .
in the last seven years , flipkart had raised $ 760 m and the recent funding is the largest for the company .
hungary 's right - wing fidesz government of prime minister viktor orban is under sustained pressure from european institutions to withdraw the three laws , two of which have already been passed , the bbc 's nick thorpe in budapest reports .
` ` the new archaeological evidence suggests that galloway may have been the heart of the lost dark age kingdom of rheged , a kingdom that was in the late sixth century pre - eminent amongst the kingdoms of the north . ''
mr galwaz and a friend were employed by rahman in december 2014 to carry out repairs to the roof of the warehouse in grosvenor road , owned by his brothers and father , police said .
however , when a family of egyptian geese were seen feeding elsewhere on the reserve this week , staff inspected the box and discovered the nest .
` ` we ' ve bounced back well , we did n't have a great start -lsb- losing first three games -rsb- but we ' ve built momentum .
as far as symantec can tell , wifatch 's payload has no malicious components and the growing network of compromised devices has never been used for attacks , said symantec security analyst mario ballano .
the new religious leadership inherited a nuclear research programme , but consistently denies expanding it with the aim of making ` ` the bomb '' .
` ` the nervous system is one of the more reliable tool - kits we have .
relive some of the best moments !
` ` i ' m convinced that the opera is not anti - semitic , '' the met 's general manager , peter gelb , wrote in a statement .
ribeiro 's former assistant , michael brown , has been placed in temporary charge of the burslem - based club .
several of the most promising schemes for building a quantum computer are based in silicon .
mclaren have not won a race since 2012 and their last championship victory was in 2008 .
sir roger , who is not shown on screen but has a speaking part in turning points , is joined by welsh athlete jamie baulch , an olympic silver medallist in 1996 .
despite the tory comeback , the snp was still the ` ` runaway winner '' , it added .
` ` the damage ended up being a bit worse than initially assessed , '' said a statement on the star 's website .
supermarket morrisons cut the price of diesel by up to 2p per litre , and tesco , asda and sainsbury 's followed the move with their own price cuts .
now a report has basically recommended it be cancelled and the taxpayer take a hit on a project whose overall cost is now upwards of # 200 m .
zane langman , the son - in - law of the farm 's owner , told the newspaper that many of the crocodiles had escaped into dense bush and the limpopo river , the second biggest in south africa .
` ` the club deserve to be in the premier league . ''
the protestors said the action was part of a general cymdeithas campaign to put pressure on the labour administration in wales to act urgently for the welsh language .
adebayo akinfenwa -lrb- wycombe wanderers -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
the researchers looked at referrals to more than 20 genetic centres and clinics in the uk after the story hit the press in may 2013 .
sse said the scheme , which was opposed by the national trust for scotland , could be proposed again in the future .
revised proposals for the stadium at west langarth are expected to be submitted to the council in may .
the dollar climbed 1 % against a basket of currencies , and against the japanese currency it rose above 123 yen .
he also found evidence of a ` ` co - ordinated , deliberate and sustained action to introduce an intolerant and aggressive islamist ethos into some schools in the city '' .
` ` i do find people fascinating and i never get tired of painting people in different attitudes and working with different colour schemes , '' said ms williams .
england 's isobel pooley came second in the women 's high jump , and scotland 's lynsey sharp won silver in the 800 m , with england 's jessica judd fourth .
the irish department of the environment said three out of four people are now paying water bills .
napoli coach maurizio sarri has been banned for one game ` ` for challenging the work of the match officials '' .
nolan has become crewe 's fourth signing of the summer .
the petition has been organised as an exercise called a european citizens ' initiative which can lead to a public hearing in the european parliament and require the european commission to give a formal response explaining why it is accepting or rejecting what the petitioners call for .
lloyd is posh 's second signing of the summer , and the second from non - league after the arrival of ricky miller from national league side dover .
bad light brought play to an early end with essex on 266 - 9 - charlie shreck -lrb- 4 - 79 -rrb- the pick of the bowlers .
police said his death may be linked to an ` ` altercation '' at a flat in croydon road , when another man was stabbed .
work on the 11-month project is due to start in january .
` ` let me be crystal clear , i ' m a liberal and i absolutely support equality , '' he replied .
tony craig -lrb- millwall -rrb- left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left .
` ` victoria police , he 's not very good looking is he ?
the charity said this had been caused by cuts to council budgets which had led to a rationing of services .
the tribunal awarded her # 10,000 for injury to feelings , # 6,760 for loss of earnings , and a total of # 2,126 in interest .
the la liga season may only be seven games old but there are signs that barcelona 's defence of their title might not be as straightforward as they hoped .
their creditors will vote on the iva proposal next month .
in a lengthy statement on his reasons for joining the leave campaign , mr gove said : ` ` i believe our country would be freer , fairer and better off outside the eu .
mrs brewer said that her mortuary had handled the funerals of ` ` well over a dozen '' gay people since she and her husband opened it in 2006 .
ms hobrow said : ` ` they have increased over the last two or three weeks with the warmer weather .
but in 1996 the borough council , which owned the airport , announced the site would close later that year , to be turned into what is now the ravenswood housing estate .
mr curry said they were ` ` absolutely thrilled '' to have the record confirmed .
on thursday , lawyers of the 55-year - old captain are expected to argue that the disaster off tuscany 's coast was a collective failure of the ship 's crew and others should share the blame for the disaster .
the three heroes , one from germany and two from america , tackled the man and pinned him to the ground before police arrived and arrested him .
directors of the project have previously estimated the new centre for creative industries would be worth # 11 m a year to the local economy .
police said the suspect is described being aged in his early 20s , of slim to medium build , with cropped dark hair shaved on both sides .
mylan said it expected to start selling a cheaper generic product ` ` in several weeks '' at a list price of $ 300 -lrb- Â # 230 -rrb- .
his early material was gentle enough , but fo later became a sharp - eyed satirist of the italian state and corruption .
` ` it is not just a building with a few supply teachers ; a school is a community which knows and understands the kids . ''
a second bus was hit by a suicide bomber elsewhere in the city , injuring two soldiers and two civilians .
innogy renewables uk ltd had been proposing a hydroelectric scheme on the river conwy , near betws y coed in snowdonia national park .
edwards was sentenced to 18 weeks in prison , suspended for two years .
channel 5 has not said if it has received new complaints but said it will be making an announcement regarding ken morley .
lukas jutkiewicz -lrb- birmingham city -rrb- header from the centre of the box misses to the left .
one in 13 purchases was on contactless during the whole year , but use grew to one in eight by december , the uk cards association said .
she told the court it was a regular occurrence for mr dale to leave kian in the bath , but only ` ` for a few minutes '' .
jeremy zeid , who was standing in hendon , said president obama should be ` ` locked up '' by the israelis for ` ` leaking state secrets '' .
all their home t20 matches will be played in cardiff with six out of seven games played under floodlights .
if the bill is passed , ofcom would be able to fine mobile networks a maximum # 20,000 a day , up to a total sum of # 2 m , if they fail to hit agreed service goals .
the hpc panel determined although mr guest ` ` had an unblemished record , his repeated failure to engage with the regulatory process '' made a striking - off order ` ` the only appropriate and proportionate sanction '' .
he added : '' -lsb- they -rsb- will enable us to regenerate our pub , which has been in continuous existence since the 1700s . ''
local police insp olaf jensen said it was ` ` very unusual for someone to be missing in the new zealand bush for such a long period without it being reported '' , the new zealand herald reported .
more money is expected to be raised for charity on sunday at a special football match being held at the energy assets arena , home of livingston fc .
this year there was a special category to recognise the creativity of the dronestagram community .
during the war , families would have to ration their food and had little communication in their homes .
mr sullivan told newsnight that mr howlett , mp for bath , had decided to tackle widespread bullying within the party 's young activists after being elected to a second term as chair of conservative future , the party 's youth wing , in 2010 .
although lenovo has said that it has removed superfish from new machines and disabled it from others , it was unclear what the situation would be for machines where it had already been activated .
the 20-year - old , who can also play as a winger , has come through the academy at the premier league club and played for the under-23 side in the efl trophy .
chastain became well known for scoring america 's winning goal in a penalty shoot - out against china in the final of the 1999 women 's world cup .
all of the issues raised by the applicants were rejected by the court .
london living wage : a voluntary higher rate of the living wage in the capital , which will rise from # 9.15 to # 9.40 an hour .
match ends , bradford city 1 , oldham athletic 1 .
det supt darren minton said : ` ` with a kick off at 20:00 we expect that many people will be drinking ahead of that time and whilst we want everyone to enjoy the football , we are also aware that during previous tournaments we have seen an increase in domestic abuse .
with more powers set to be devolved to the scottish parliament after september 's independence referendum , tory mps have said it is not right that mps representing scottish constituencies can continue to determine laws affecting england only .
they were flown to an airfield at broadford on skye .
in june 2010 , his company , news corporation - from which 21st century fox was subsequently split off - made a 700p - a - share offer that valued sky at about # 12bn .
the show is broadcasting live inserts in all its episodes this week , and will screen a fully live episode on friday to celebrate its anniversary .
he was born in cork and is the former head of irish language programmes , controller of programmes and deputy director general at irish state broadcaster , rtÉ .
the announcement that there would be a second round was celebrated by supporters of mr lasso , 61 , gathered outside the national electoral council building .
mr cameron also hailed a growth in economic links between the uk and turkey , saying bilateral trade had increased by 60 % since 2010 .
league of legends is a massively popular game involving two teams of five players fighting over a small map
a court in moscow announced its verdict late on monday , rejecting demands by alexei navalny 's defence lawyers to drop the case .
eastern province is home to most of saudi arabia 's shia muslims .
the scheme has been funded by the government through its local sustainable transport fund .
` ` we found that while people were cared for and treated well , there were insufficient staff and a lack of appropriate skill - mix to meet the needs of patients in a timely manner . ''
parts of the grade ll pier , which was already closed to the public when it gave way on 1 february , will be saved , catalogued and stored .
operation calderdale16 was its biggest ever live training exercise , the council said .
the senior civil servant - asked about the issue of ` ` early entry as a way of gaming the system '' by labour am lee waters - said the welsh government advice was that decisions around early entry were made ` ` in the interests of an individual child '' .
` ` the rugby governing bodies work hard to ensure the sport in schools is played as safely as possible and that young people reap the benefits of participating - boosting their health , self - esteem and encouraging teamwork . ''
beyond caravaggio is on display at the national galleries in scotland from 17 june to 24 september .
a visa is a special permission that you get in your passport which you sometimes need in order to enter or stay in a country for a certain period of time
but on monday the church of england broke a tradition inherited from the first christians 2,000 years ago when the three houses of the general synod voted to allow women to be bishops .
guards at the site saw the pair pick up the items from the ground , the judge at a court in krakow was told .
safarova came through a marathon contest with australian daria gavrilova , triumphing 6 - 7 -lrb- 4 - 7 -rrb- 6 - 3 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 5 -rrb- .
the dow jones closed up 67.18 points at 17,073.95 , while the broader s&p 500 rose 1.77 points to 2,001.76 .
draper , with one new zealand cap to his name , secured his hat - trick three minutes from the end when adam misjudged a long ball and the striker took it past him at the edge of the box to secure victory .
one of the bears went over to check out the strange object , giving it a quick sniff , before being joined by two others .
meanwhile , channel 4 will present an ` ` alternative '' to the election night coverage on the bbc and itv , with a programme co - anchored by jeremy paxman and comedian david mitchell .
` ` if nathan can not accept this , he should fulfil his commitment to the ukip nec -lrb- national executive committee -rrb- and nigel farage last january that he would not ` double - job ' . ''
it follows a report by inspectors who claim some teachers in primary schools pass on their misunderstandings of science to pupils .
bmw said the value of the stake in here had risen by 183 m euros .
mr marsden added : ` ` this is an early copy of a byzantine gold coin made in france .
lichfield are the only premiership side not to be included in the new women 's super rugby competition , as third - placed aylesford will operate as harlequins from 2017 .
the real life liesl , agathe von trapp , the eldest daughter of the austrian family who inspired the film , died aged 97 in 2010 .
how can he credibly head the european commission when it is now investigating some of the deals done when he was running luxembourg ?
when the scottish government calls in any proposal to close a school , it examines the process followed by the council and the information used to reach the decision .
emergency services attended the scene at 02:50 bst and the body was discovered in the upstairs of the house , which had been badly damaged .
china has held a number of wwe events over the years , and there 's even a local wwe - style wrestling organisation , but this is the first time an entire channel devoted to wwe will be available .
` ` friends , in those debates leanne wood put forward a modern approach to politics - principled , passionate and prepared to lead wales , '' she said .
the cambridge history student knew the ` ` significance '' of the monument but did not realise he was dangling from a war memorial , the court of appeal was told .
on friday , facebook was given 72 hours to take down the page ` keeping our kids safe from predators ' , which had focused on paedophiles in northern ireland .
` ` absolute joke - what is happening with the world , '' melanie winskill wrote on bbc radio nottingham 's facebook page .
the 37-year - old novel has attracted a fresh wave of attention as its plot reflects current concerns about us politics today .
he was fined Â # 1,000 and also banned from driving in the uk for two years .
the russian embassy said the convoys allowed russian soldiers to defeat the germans on the eastern front .
the results could then be made to existing national parks around adelaide .
` ` the british would never have allowed it if i was mo farah or wayne rooney .
a photograph that appeared in the media showed a dog at the bottom of the hole .
the former scunthorpe , sheffield wednesday and preston player worked with blackpool manager gary bowyer as a trainee at blackburn .
` ` i ' m delighted eddie has committed his future to the club , '' owner maxim demin said .
watch ` ` wales : the road to the euros '' - our very special documentary on the history of welsh football - on bbc iplayer until wednesday , 8 june .
the british ambassador to france , julian king , tweeted : ` ` number of brits in hospital overnight .
rents for grade a offices have risen to # 15.50-per - sq ft over the past year , according to commercial agents .
ipswich 's hopes of finishing in the top six were unlikely even before kick - off , with sheffield wednesday moving nine points clear in the last remaining play - off spot with a 1 - 1 draw at derby county .
that has now happened , with scotland 's court of session being appointed as a venue for these claims , provided there is enough demand .
retro tech : flying car prototypes
north korea has arrested several us citizens in recent years , including journalists and christians accused of proselytism .
there was speculation he might emulate wales team - mate and former regional colleague jonathan davies , who will return to scarlets from clermont auvergne on a welsh rugby union dual contract next season .
the players then returned to the 18th hole for a sudden death play - off .
12 years a slave was named best picture at this year 's oscars and won additional honours for supporting actress lupita nyong ' o and screenwriter john ridley .
darren cave captained the ulster a team as they earned a 38 - 31 win in thursday 's game .
laser mapping will be used to measure the impact of extreme weather on six welsh islands in the irish sea .
hamilton was one of 11 players to miss out when cotter cut his 42-man training squad to his final selection on tuesday .
so , every part of the match is looked over by the computer to spot tell - tale signs of when something interesting is happening .
chaves - who gave his address as mount mellick road , portlaoise in the irish republic - pleaded guilty to a charge of having an offensive weapon in a public place .
a second cat - mischief - was shot by an air rifle in an area near to where pumbaa was stabbed , according to the rspca .
in secondary schools in england , teachers taught for about 100 hours more than the average for oecd countries per year .
hardcastle went over from the scrum with seven minutes remaining as featherstone became the first team in reach the quarter - finals .
for every 100 women in the study who do not lose weight , they expect to see 23 have a recurrence of the tumour .
the match would be the final public game at upton park but some fans want the premier league win over manchester united to be the last at the stadium .
a 29-year - old man was arrested and remains in police custody .
she hopes robots will eventually be able to learn how to recover from a fall .
` ` we are encouraged by the extremely positive way the university - at all levels - engaged with our work and its clear commitment to equality and diversity .
in the next generation of software , machine learning wo n't just be an add - on that improves performance a few percentage points ; it will really replace traditional approaches .
the bbc 's stephen mcdonell reports on one of the world 's most unaffordable property markets .
the fsf says supporters ` ` would not mind paying an administration fee '' to clubs to keep secondary ticket prices down .
more than one million migrants crossed the mediterranean in 2015 and the vast majority went from turkey to greece .
as sachin tendulkar is clearly a god , then there is one perfectly understandable reason why maria sharapova would not know who he is - she must be an atheist , many tweeted .
in a move led by mr turnbull and his deputy and foreign minister julie bishop , mr abbott was voted out by the liberal party by 54 votes to 44 .
we will not neglect the preparation nor in the game itself , '' the freiburg striker said ahead of their last-16 clash .
` ` it was nice to be accepted so quickly and so readily with northern ireland , '' he added .
the run - off on 22 november will be the first time an argentine election will be decided by a second round .
england stand - in captain jos buttler : ` ` dawid malan was fantastic on debut .
council employee david maccall told the inquiry in the days after ciaran 's death , between 500 and 900 headstones were laid flat over safety concerns .
the dublin man was appearing on irish broadcaster rtÉ 's dancing with the stars at the weekend .
the is commander in the city , maher al - bilawi , was killed in bombardments targeting is fighter positions and gun emplacements , col warren said .
she is working with a physiotherapist in her bid to walk again , and said the wedding would be a ` ` dream come true '' .
colin raymond cooke , 62 , who was jailed for seven years , has had his term increased to 11-and - a - half years at london 's criminal appeal court ,
the gap between caley thistle and motherwell also stands at four points , with well behind hamilton on goal difference after losing to ross county .
some labour mps have already said they will refuse to vote with mr corbyn if ordered to oppose air strikes .
the funding will be used to increase capacity at vert 's manufacturing facility in gracemount and expand its customer base .
us man freed after 28 years in prison
his arrival aboard air force one on wednesday made him the first sitting us president to set foot in the country since ronald reagan visited 33 years ago .
a foreign and commonwealth office spokeswoman said : ` ` we are supporting the family of aiden webb , a british man reported missing in vietnam .
bad light stopped play with the hosts 145 - 2 as they held on to share the points with no further play possible .
affinity water confirmed ` ` the body of a man was found at the bottom of one of our excavations '' .
the al - wefaq leader acknowledged that many young protesters had lost faith in the main opposition parties .
a third student said she told mr clarke she thought his messages were inappropriate and he later asked her to delete their conversation .
whatever happens , the uk and the eu will be subject to wto rules .
the opening weekend haul in the us and canada was lower than for any of the harry potter films , however .
and i said at the time the next person to find that out will be jean - claude juncker . ''
` ` we continue to encourage those who have been the victim of child sexual abuse to report it , regardless of how long ago the abuse may have taken place . ''
damien ` dee ' fennell made an application to belfast crown court to amend his conditions so he could go to co donegal for a week .
mrs gula has been accused of living in pakistan on fake identity papers and faces up to 14 years in jail .
he is the club 's fourth signing of the summer - after efe ambrose , danny swanson and simon murray - and will compete with ross laidlaw for the starting goalkeeper slot in the premiership this season .
he was also sentenced to a year 's supervision following his release .
` ` dougie brown has been at the heart of warwickshire cricket for three decades as a player , coach and director of cricket .
scotrail said it aimed to run two - thirds of its services and buses would replace trains on some routes .
prior to this , mr gates gave away $ 16bn in microsoft shares in 1999 and $ 5.1 bn in 2000 .
after his short address he received a standing ovation .
police said a woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a ` ` serious leg injury '' .
dentist dr zsolt csillag was given a one - year supervision order by the general dental council .
` ` this is a cynical way of spending public money .
however , critics point out that councils are left with little practical control of the size of their overall budgets .
taylor shared photos of morgan -lrb- and her friend kasey -rrb- on her tumblr with the message ` ` lol i thought that was me '' .
when it was formed in 1981 , the swansea canal society managed to save the last remaining five miles -lrb- 8 km -rrb- between clydach and ynysmeudwy .
rovers lost the match at st mary 's 2 - 0 , with diouf playing the full game , and are currently six points adrift of safety with six matches to play .
` ` i ' m sure there are motorists out there who were rubbing their hands in glee at the thought of used vw prices falling off a cliff because of the emissions debacle , '' said what car ?
but brown , a 44-year - old american , is also considered a potential chief commercial officer for f1 's new owners .
` ` to excavate a pyramid is the dream of every archaeologist , '' she said .
who do you think is the best january signing ?
mr walton said it was good to see the cbr 's case for extending the railway was being recognised .
he also said that the alleged incidents had taken place ` ` with the help and complicity of police officials , including the director general -lsb- rodolfo palomino -rsb- '' .
` ` but they have n't done anything wrong because there is no islamic requirement for a four - year - old to be wearing a headscarf . ''
` ` this , together with a softening of lending due to stamp duty and tax changes , led to a decline in buy - to - let . ''
` ` it sounds ridiculous , but there is a lot of air in easter eggs relative to their value in weight , '' says helen pattinson , co - founder of boutique british chocolate chain montezuma 's .
so we thought who better than amari to rate the remaining bake off contestants on their skills !
more than 1,000 drivers and engineers were set to stage the walkout on bank holiday monday in a dispute over rosters .
` ` harry proved himself a reliable option on loan last season and has continued to take wickets for middlesex , '' said glamorgan chief executive hugh morris .
the report was commissioned by former pm david cameron in the wake of the tower hamlets election fraud scandal in 2015 .
will miller -lrb- burton albion -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner .
on monday it emerged a pit bull named stella had been kept in a 3 ft by 9 ft cage for two years without exercise .
with the top two qualifying for france , three more points will be enough to seal wales ' place at a major finals for the first time since 1958 .
the company said the line could be restarted in better market conditions .
it was in response to a bomb threat made over the phone , local media said .
the students said at first the bag tried to deter you from spending money , saying things like ` ` do n't you think that 's a bit much ? ''
` ` the trekker has been ideal for the narrower towpaths and bridges of scotland 's canals and allows us to show off some of the more hard - to - reach places along the canal network as well as the sights known the world over . ''
callaghan drove the car from a garage in county armagh where the drugs had been loaded into the vehicle .
the republicans who made those comments did seem to be going out of their way to back up john stuart mill 's 1866 comment : ` ` i never meant to say that the conservatives are generally stupid .
mindfull 's founder emma - jane cross said poor mental health among young people was ` ` one of the last great medical taboos in the uk today '' .
mumsnet users were made to reset their passwords as a ` ` precautionary measure '' following the attacks .
defeat for the blues means they have failed to progress beyond the last eight of any european cup competition since winning the continent 's second - tier title in 2010 .
it comes after denbighshire council was granted permission to compulsorily purchase the former north wales hospital in denbigh .
there have been protests against applications for test drilling for gas in both the vale of glamorgan and wrexham , as well as sites in england .
data released by the government and network rail also showed gtr received more than # 22 m from network rail in compensation for disruption , but gtr said those payments had gone to the government .
match ends , rb leipzig 2 , 1899 hoffenheim 1 .
nichola wanted to stay in the eu - but now that britain has decided to leave , she is worried that as a small country scotland would be marginalised in the european union .
after the good years many russians are now getting a harsh lesson in capitalism - and inadequate regulations mean there is nothing to soften the blow .
full - back branislav ivanovic 's indifferent season continued when he was too easily beaten by algerian brahimi in the lead - up to andre 's goal .
on sunday , foreign secretary william hague told the bbc people should not be attracted to the uk just by the benefits available and ` ` benefit tourism '' had to end .
james ibori went from petty thief to nigerian state governor to convicted money launderer .
in the wake of the killing , australian prime minister malcolm turnbull called a meeting with security chiefs .
eldin jakupovic -lrb- hull city -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
in his budget speech , south africa 's finance minister pravin gordhan was cautiously optimistic and realistic about the challenges facing the country .
catalans dragons : escare , yaha , garcia , duport , richards , gigot , albert , baitieri , taylor , horo , maria , pelissier , casty .
he lunged towards the woman , jabbing the knife in her direction .
second half ends , luton town 0 , leeds united 1 .
statue cruises , which takes tourists to the statue of liberty national monument and ellis island , said ferries were postponed after officials found a suspicious package at liberty island .
the country 's government and its de facto leader aung san suu kyi have previously dismissed claims of rights abuses and insisted that the security forces follow the rule of law .
on the two occasion swansea have risen from english football 's fourth tier to the top , curtis has played a pivotal role .
in a screening prior to signing for the club , an electrocardiogram test showed his heart was ` ` unequivocally abnormal '' but he was not stopped from playing .
during the chase he dialled 999 and asked police to stop following him .
mr mcguinness said he was making the trip ` ` in the spirit of reconciliation '' .
the department for education -lrb- dfe -rrb- said the secretary of state understood the family 's desire for an inquiry into ` ` the tragic events '' .
he is charged with manufacturing explosives , making devices and storing them in barrels in hides in england and northern ireland .
here is how twitter reacted to its favourite wailer unexpectedly announcing he will resign from congress at the end of october :
the site has previously been the subject of planning applications for schemes ranging from a large ski dome to a mountain biking centre .
` ` but none of the other welsh meps were selected by a greater proportion of the study respondents than that legendary figure in welsh politics ` elwyn davies ' - whose contributions to our national political life i feel i need not elaborate upon , '' he said .
not that many greek companies have the confidence to ask for a loan for investment , but if retailers and wholesalers ca n't get adequate credit to obtain credit from abroad , christmas will be cancelled -lrb- 70 % of shops ' orders are placed in september and october , bankers tell me -rrb- .
jolie said africa is about ` ` a man drawn into the violent conflict with elephant poachers , who emerged with a deeper understanding of man 's footprint and a profound sense of responsibility for the world around him '' .
it was a strange night for plaid cymru that ended in success with the election of their youngest ever mp , ben lake .
` ` the fans can expect a lot of energy from me and someone who will give their all and fight for every ball .
find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our premier league tracker here .
digby johnson , a partner at the johnson firm , confirmed they did not represent khan - who had set up his own office and was set to leave the company .
the presence of the northern powerhouse 's chief architect , chancellor george osborne , as the mp for tatton , means there is the will within whitehall for cheshire to benefit from devolution .
it has become one of the world 's most indebted oil companies and lost half of its market value in three years .
sturm enjoyed a big 10th round when a crashing uppercut followed by a right cross had macklin temporarily in trouble , but the irishman continued to fight back in pursuit of his dream .
at least 80 people were killed during the attack on the 1,500-seat venue during a sell - out gig by us rock group eagles of death metal .
medical and legal experts say the condition , also known as gut fermentation syndrome , is being raised more frequently as a defence in drink - driving cases .
great britain play the dutch in amsterdam on tuesday and thursday .
` ` the better players we have , the more chance we have to stay in the premier league . ''
gueye only missed three league games for villa in 2015 - 16 and scored his only goal for the club in their fa cup fourth round win against wycombe in january .
the secret service is tasked with guarding the us president , as well as several senior government officials .
fosun is offering 451 m euros -lrb- Â # 355 m ; $ 580 m -rrb- for the business , which is 51 % owned by the espirito santo family .
as well as a providing a snapshot of those lost days of childhood , the pictures also provide a thought - provoking social history of life in liverpool through the decades .
australia survived just 15 further deliveries before herath claimed his ninth wicket of the match to secure sri lanka 's first win over the baggy greens since 1999 , and second in 27 attempts .
drilling for oil in the territorial waters around the falklands began in 2010 despite opposition from buenos aires .
uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production , sale and consumption of cannabis after a new law was passed by the country 's senate on tuesday .
a fifth order of courage went to a russian colonel wounded elsewhere .
bracknell , whose real name is alison and is known to her family as ali , only discovered she was battling terminal lung cancer five weeks ago .
if necessary , mr harper said the conservative government will take action in coordination with the provinces to make sure foreign non - resident investment ` ` supports the availability and affordability of homes for canadians . ''
the moments after the girl was struck at rabat zoo on tuesday were filmed by a bystander and uploaded onto youtube .
officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people in the state .
mr wilson told jurors that in the months before miss bantala lost the baby , he had ` ` moved on '' with another girlfriend .
we are bearing the brunt of the loss of almost six months of trade .
police confirmed they had been called to a disturbance at 19:45 .
lancashire batsman livingstone , who scored 129 from 83 balls for england lions against south africa a last week , is one of five uncapped players named .
then on thursday night , two days after another chemical weapons attack , president donald trump ordered a guided missile strike on a syrian government airfield .
fly - half sexton and flanker o'brien have both recovered from calf injuries and should be available at murrayfield .
movement , told the bbc .
the met said the three injured girls - two aged 13 and one aged eight - were related to makayah and his aunt , who was a 34-year - old hairdresser .
but ms howe urged women to consider working in internet security specifically .
he said it was swift 's stance with apple that ` ` jarred '' - with her ` ` lambasting '' the firm over using music for free , when her management firm was ` ` guilty of doing the same thing with photos '' .
the authors , including a team from edinburgh university , say children born to overweight mothers are at greater risk of health problems in later life .
some social media users in china voiced frustration at the removal of the film .
the company also said it had seen ` ` no evidence '' of any impact of the vote in markets outside the uk .
beach buddies organiser bill dale said : ` ` we now believe they -lsb- the beaches -rsb- are the tidiest in europe . ''
a partial eclipse was visible in australia , parts of south east asia and the pacific .
it had been thought zlatan ibrahimovic would be mourinho 's first signing since the portuguese succeeded louis van gaal as united manager .
no - one was in the vehicle when it careered rear - end first into the side of the building in dromore road retail park in omagh at about 17:00 bst on thursday .
etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world .
twitter says it will allow you to upload your own videos directly to the timeline by the beginning of 2015 .
at lincoln crown court , the prosecution alleged hospital staff were not adequately trained and had wrongly removed a knee support pad .
other us soldiers were seriously injured by the blast and also in a fire - fight while dealing with another ied , the court heard .
the order was issued by field marshal bernard law montgomery after he witnessed the surrender of nazi forces in northern europe on 4 may .
` ` i ' m hungry and portsmouth are a top club . ''
the academics also said that satellite imagery indicated ` ` that north korea has been upgrading facilities at the sinpo south shipyard in preparation for a significant naval construction program , possibly related to submarine development '' .
` ` many girls were abducted by the rampaging gunmen who stormed the school in a convoy of vehicles , '' local education official emmanuel sam told the afp news agency .
senior penguin keeper at the zoo dawn nicoll said : ` ` we are really happy that the first of the gentoo penguin eggs have hatched '' .
a 26-year - old man sustained facial injuries during the incident on a number 9a bus travelling on paisley road , tradeston , towards penilee .
the site is believed to contain thousands of copies of a video game called et the extra - terrestrial which is thought to be one of the worst video games ever made .
mohammed omayr and raheel rehman , both from chorlton , were sentenced to two and three years respectively at manchester crown court .
sgt iain blain , of police scotland , said : ` ` this collision has left a woman with serious injuries and we are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed it . ''
state department spokesperson marie harf answered in the negative when asked if ms khobragade would go ` ` scot free '' and the us courts would be asked to drop the charges against her .
he said officers would be ` ` actively '' distributing leaflets and posters and carrying out ` ` house - to - house visits '' in the iraklis area .
but there is no room for bouna sarr , who turned down the chance to play for guinea at the 2015 africa cup of nations in equatorial guinea and against swaziland in june .
labour councillor marcel choules said : ` ` it 's disastrous that the football matches have had to be cancelled as a result .
residents still have to use a temporary road built across a nearby heath .
snp income tax plans would raise # 300 m and the scottish conservatives zero .
` ` south africa are a physical team and that generally comes out in the forwards because that 's the way they like to play .
amsterdam decided to adopt the approach after a delegation from the city , including the chief inspector of the police force , visited cardiff last year .
professor michael stear said : ` ` sea lice infection is a major threat to the health of farmed salmon and to the fish - farming economy .
mr thirlwell got the idea for the business after his father told him that the most successful promotion the printing company had been involved with was for such a product .
finn , 27 , played in the first test at lord 's but was dropped for old trafford where england won to level the series .
` ` the glacier retreat is less important in the northern alps than in the southern alps , '' ms gardent emphasised .
former manchester united goalkeeper peter schmeichel wrote : ` ` really sad news that rebecca ellison , the wife of rio ferdinand has passed away .
but three is the first network to abolish them altogether , albeit in selected countries , where it has sister networks .
it was opened by thomas austin in 1830 and is thought to have been one of the oldest stores in europe .
the bank , thought to be the first of its kind , has invested about # 2bn of public money in about 50 projects .
` ` you want to be part of that and it gives me the chance to attract the kind of players i would like to make sure the club is n't in this situation again .
the conservatives currently hold two of the available four seats in south wales east .
wales , who are chasing their fifth six nations championship since 2005 , are hoping for their their first back - to - back wins over england at twickenham since 1978 .
spanish grand prix first practice results
` ` we believe that we have , for the first time , found a way to minimise the effects of brain damage after a stroke .
there will be a day when a machine is invented to scan if it is the ` right time ' for a woman to enter the temple .
in another incident , annett was approached by a county down family who had been offered # 25,000 to buy its land .
` ` i was never a lover of pre - season when i played and as a manager i never paid to much attention to the results either , '' lennon told hibstv .
the greater ardoyne residents collective -lrb- garc -rrb- is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long - running dispute in the area .
production at airbus has been hit by delays in delivery of us engine - maker pratt & whitney 's engines for the a320neo aircraft .
the indictment also alleged that 30 million yahoo accounts were commandeered without authorisation for use in a spam campaign .
last month , former national security adviser sambu dasuki was arrested and charged with 19 counts of fraud , money laundering and criminal breach of trust in connection to the case .
the pacific crossing , however , was always going to be the most challenging part of this epic journey .
` ` if this situation was reversed and a young protestant teacher who was also a member of the dup was being forced from her job in a catholic school , i would be at the door accompanying her to her work , '' he said .
dundee manager paul hartley , meanwhile , felt that his side created enough chances in the second half to win the game comfortably , and he praised his players for remaining patient as they pushed for an equaliser , even as hemmings , rory loy and greg stewart all missed a series of chances .
meanwhile , jenkins has defended wales 's achievements in the six nations , as they head to twickenham still unbeaten .
another example of the accountants take over at the expense of the art .
hydrocarbons were detected inside a leg of the cormorant alpha platform .
the eu has ruled that airlines must pay compensation for delayed flights , but a number of airlines have yet to pay out .
prior to the latest haul , the team seized nearly 90,000 cigarettes and 181lbs -lrb- 82.5 kg -rrb- of tobacco since launching operation nightshade .
` ` accord is a global player in the pharmaceutical industry and the highly skilled jobs and long - term investment bring a welcome boost the local economy . ''
the man was crossing abbot adams bridge in main street , kilwinning , at about 03:00 when he was hit by a blue vauxhall corsa .
the union 's offer would have kept the player at the scarlets .
for each sample from the site of the alleged attack , a given laboratory receives two dummy samples ; one containing no nerve agent and another containing a specified amount of a nerve agent or its breakdown product .
after a send - off from pupils from ysgol treganna , cardiff , the team took off for a friendly in sweden on sunday .
` ` i ' m delighted to have signed for newport county , '' rigg said .
and there 's no disguising the fact these new members are prepared for a fight should labour mps continue to refuse to back mr corbyn , if he wins this leadership contest .
in a statement , partick thistle said : ` ` as far as thistle 's current management can ascertain , no other allegations were made to the club at that time with regard to him or any other employee .
it said the wrong patient information leaflets were added to hospital appointment letters sent out in march .
but he said that evidence from primary schools , further education and the pisa international tests also suggested that able and talented pupils were not given enough support in the education system .
adams had previously turned down invitations to play in the grand slam but accepted in 2015 after being asked to compete in wolverhampton by the bdo .
singer thom yorke wrote on twitter : ` ` last year we were asked to write a theme tune for the bond movie spectre .
a police scotland spokesman said : ` ` police in edinburgh have received a complaint in relation to a mural at a primary school in the trinity area .
do the teachers have experience of teaching life skills to a child with disabilities ?
` ` father christmas will visit our wards on christmas morning and every child in the hospital will receive a sack full of presents .
the penalty means lindahl will not be able to resume his international playing career or attend official tennis events for seven years , the tiu said .
qualification for pyeongchang 2018 depends on points accumulated from races during the season of the games .
the government has already introduced two fundamental changes to how it wants to prevent violent extremism .
` ` it 's the holy grail , and certainly in our dressing room and among the members , although it 's great to win -lrb- other -rrb- competitions , we want to bring that one home . ''
the inquest has already heard that people got trapped in the cloakroom area as they rushed to leave the club to catch their coaches home .
chester said : ` ` i am delighted to become head coach of wakefield wildcats , especially as it is my home town club and a club with a lot of traditions .
nivea accepted the post was ` ` misleading '' .
new zealand beat scotland , italy and ireland to win pool b , defeating france 39 - 26 in the semi - finals .
figures have shown there were more reported near misses between drones and aircraft over the uk in the first six months of 2016 than the whole of the previous year .
across the uk as whole , the number of calls from suicidal children almost doubled from the total five years ago .
in other words , more investors were buying insurance for the time of the referendum against a fall in the pound than a rise .
newport county 1 , mansfield town 0 .
i ' m looking forward to this season , playing in europe and doing well for st johnstone . ''
two crews and a hovercraft from weston - super - mare were called just after midnight to rescue two adults and the children from uphill beach .
jordon mutch -lrb- crystal palace -rrb- wins a free kick in the defensive half .
bower has made 52 appearances for warriors in all competitions since joining from leicester tigers in 2014 .
the nao 's report highlighted the government 's success in having ` ` expanded the original programme at speed to achieve a new target '' of resettling 1,000 refugees by last christmas , and progress in improving refugees ' own experiences of the programme .
the giants are next in action against manchester in belfast on saturday 4 march .
he added : ` ` transport scotland officials have already met with partners and offered initial advice on a scoping document which will explore the possibility of extending the borders railway towards hawick and carlisle . ''
` ` i do n't believe that gay sex is a sin , '' he said .
kent need to win and hope that leaders essex slip up against glamorgan next week before the two meet in the final round of matches .
jamieson has spent the last two seasons battling to retain his playing privileges , finishing 106th and 107th in the race to dubai , but won his sole european tour title in south africa at the rain - shortened nelson mandela championship in 2013 .
in prague , ashya 's parents refused the chemotherapy , which had been recommended by doctors and ordered by the high court .
a proceeds of crime hearing will be held in october .
mrs clinton will seek to unify the democratic party ahead of the convention , she will not undo the positions she has taken during the drawn - out primaries to appeal to the democratic base .
at a news conference , mr kern said working with the freedom party was possible if certain criteria were met , without specifying what they might be .
a spokeswoman said : ` ` we are encouraged to hear that simon is stable and improving . ''
the hatters , a top - flight side 22 years ago , are 14 points clear at the top of the conference premier , a league they have been in since 2009 after 89 years in the football league .
some kind of training may be needed and britain is likely to play a role .
foul by krystian pearce -lrb- mansfield town -rrb- .
a 2015 united nations report revealed that young indigenous women in canada were five times more likely to die under violent circumstances than non - aboriginal women .
in a statement released after lil ' chris 's death , his family said he was a ` ` huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him '' .
chelsea manager antonio conte and mourinho argued throughout the game , and had to be separated by the assistant referee at one point .
northern ireland secretary theresa villiers , who represents the uk government , is now holding talks with all of the different parties to see if they can continue to work together to run the country .
warwickshire 's jonathan trott told bbc coventry & warwickshire :
` ` back in action soon . ''
anscombe has been out since december with a groin injury which was the latest issue to sideline the new zealand - born outside - half .
the man , in his early 50s , was flown to the ogwen valley mountain rescue team base after it was determined he did not need hospital treatment .
the last poet to be honoured was ted hughes in 2011 .
belgium , the only team to have taken a point off sampson 's side during the campaign , could have finished top of group 7 had they beaten england , but they never truly came close and must settle for second spot .
this month , o'sullivan also announced he would not be defending his title at the champion of champions event in coventry , which begins on 10 november .
in total , the ssafa helpline received 21,983 requests for help in 2015 , up 6 % on the year before .
the four - day supreme court hearing is being heard before seven justices - a sign of how important they regard the issues .
` ` our people here know how the bursting of glacial lakes in tibet have flooded rivers in western nepal and also in the brahmaputra basin of india , '' mr yadav explained .
the 71-year - old 's show was ` ` perfectly pleasant '' , said the times ' reviewer , but was ` ` not full of the sort of comic vitality with which he made his name '' .
last week 200 people attended a protest over the plan .
eventually , he was sent to prison after being convicted of assault for driving his car into a group of teenagers .
ocon , 20 , is contracted long - term to mercedes , force india 's engine provider , and has been racing for manor in the second half of this season .
the families said they were frustrated at the length of time the investigation was taking .
timeline : nuclear accidents
lagmar barking , a joint venture between mar properties and the lagan developments -lrb- holdings -rrb- , owned the vicarage field shopping centre in barking .
the emissions scandal in the us contributed to a wider backlash against diesel - powered cars , which were once believed to be more environmentally friendly .
the locks are being removed exactly a year after the bridge over the river haven opened .
tata steel was fined # 930,000 and ordered to pay costs of # 70,000 , at a hearing at hull crown court .
the aim is to create a ` ` buffer '' zone to prevent the spread of the disease in new areas of the country where incidence is currently low .
maoists are also known as ` ` naxalites '' because of the violent left - wing uprising in 1967 , which began in the west bengal village of naxalbari .
the new year 's day service at sandringham was led by the bishop of norwich .
but the argument erupted a short while later when ms pearson spotted mr vine trying to take a photograph .
rea started the season with double wins at phillip island and thailand , and made it five out of five by winning the first race at aragon .
the ancient sites in northern iraq were recently blown up by is militants , who control swathes of territory on both sides of the syria - iraq border .
` ` within his home address three stun guns were found . ''
their existence is down to humans creating a setting where chemical reactions can take place between materials that might otherwise not have come into contact .
` ` i am pleased the minister is committed to redeployment rather than redundancies and i am sure this response will give comfort to many concerned dvla employees . ''
kent 's marsh , 29 , has played 58 twenty20 internationals for england , including the world twenty20 success in 2009 .
` ` it was amazing to lead the team out against ireland and again it 's a huge honour to captain scotland at a world cup .
preston , 21 , scored seven goals for the lions last season to retain their national league status following his move from blackburn rovers last summer .
the case was sent to a police and social services panel instead of de - radicalisation scheme channel .
james is a terrific defender but he loves to get forward and fits the template of player i want in our squad
cllr shaun parsons , chairman of the council , said members had been told the proceedings were being televised .
us lifeline for death row dog stella
food prices fell by 0.6 % between december and january as opposed to a 1 % fall a year earlier .
a norwegian vessel which caught fire was about 12 miles away .
dr philip joseph told the jury : ` ` in over 30 years , this is one of the most callous killings or murders i have been involved with . ''
sir paul mccartney and nancy shevell # 730 m
drawing on the experiences of farmers and estate owners , the guidance also encourages landowners to explain why certain places should be avoided .
compared to the second quarter of this year , prices were almost flat , rising by just 0.8 % .
sussex police 's report is not expected until the new year at the earliest .
with jurgen klopp 's side sitting in third , it could prove to be a valuable goal as they push for champions league football - but was it the goal of the season ?
the station was closed for more than half an hour until the smoke cleared .
` ` the imf 's latest reading of the global economy shows once again a weakening baseline , '' he said .
the work will involve the construction of a new storm water ` ` outfall '' which will pump out the flood water from a holding lagoon at the golf club , channelling it out to sea during low tide .
the 20-year - old was suspected of being the first white briton to join the terror group after he left his oxford home and travelled to syria last year .
four men from the bolton area , aged 22 , 24 , 27 and 32 , have been charged with two counts of robbery .
read more on the ` one china ' policy ?
barry henderson , 41 , from fraserburgh , was charged with murder and attempted murder when he appeared at peterhead sheriff court .
` ` these four defendants all took part in the murder of a vulnerable man in his own home and then spent days trying to cover up what they had done , '' he added .
it adds that the cost of damage caused by extreme weather events is rising , and the continent is set to become more vulnerable in the future .
but the strength of those on the podium , alongside the huge golden statue of liberation heroes , still hold the future of this country in their hands .
injuries disrupted his final few years as a player and he was then offered a coaching role at the club by sir alex ferguson , where as reserve team boss he won the manchester senior cup , the lancashire senior cup and the premier league reserve play - offs .
warner will also be absent for tour matches against somerset and worcestershire , but can play in the first ashes test on 10 july .
creative scotland has ringfenced # 1 m towards the cost of a scottish studio , while the scottish government has pledged a further # 2 m loan .
the ` ` cradle of the arab spring '' will this time see officials of the former government taking part in the election , prompting interim president moncef marzouki to call it a contest between ` ` supporters of the revolution and supporters of the counter - revolution '' .
mr abbott told reporters on sunday : ` ` i thought it was important that as a mark of the respect that we have long had for him that we should offer a state funeral .
the 30-year - old has won 10 caps and joins ospreys having initially signed for welsh premiership club carmarthen quins following his release from irish .
eat said all employees would be compensated through a pay rate above the current national living wage .
the previous record of five was jointly held by ronnie o'sullivan and stephen hendry in the 2003 british open final , and stephen maguire and neil robertson in the quarter - finals of the 2009 masters .
he was arrested in the capital , brasilia , and has been transferred to the southern city of curitiba , where federal judge sergio moro is leading the corruption probe .
bristol city owner steve lansdown had previously said they would not sell kodjia to any fellow championship club , and that any deal would have to exceed # 10 m .
white , 26 , has 22 international caps and will join the premiership club from french top 14 side montpellier .
kyle davies , paramount 's head of domestic distribution , said the film appealed to ` ` older audiences '' but noted those ` ` do n't storm the theatres -lsb- on -rsb- weekend one '' .
mr o'donnell became the third celebrity to leave the competition at the weekend after failing to wow the judges in the dance off .
josh gillies beat cameron belford in the visitors ' goal with a fine free - kick to put the tynesiders ahead .
the station was launched when president robert mugabe faced strong opposition to his rule from the movement for democratic change -lrb- mdc -rrb- party .
st helens coach justin holbrook :
keith bennett is the only one of their victims never to be found .
riba north has a gallery ` ` at its heart '' , showing the city 's architectural past , present and future .
well actually they do - and treasure has been found in pretty unexpected places .
live updates from the great north run .
but after encountering logistical problems with closing streets in the valleys to film , they decided to shoot in the town of legnica - where mr phillips had filmed a documentary .
around 10 % of her market is in the uk .
for african leaders , the un in new york is the place to be seen and heard every september .
the decision of tata motors to call its new car zica has to be viewed in this socio - cultural and grammatical context .
` ` jake is in fantastic form with the ball , '' continued read .
we have also included support for alcohol and drug services , a higher budget for the police and lower cost transport for the northern isles .
` ` the girls were on a hen party and the irony is that the bride to be had requested a ` no - fuss and low - key day ' .
det ch insp keith hardie , of police scotland , said : ` ` now that we have identified these remains , our thoughts are once again with louise 's family , who have had to wait 15 years for this news .
substitution , huddersfield town .
enever is a board member of nottingham means business and chairman of talented enterprising nottingham , while mace wrote the 250,000-word notts book one flew over the magpies nest .
the housing white paper proposed forcing housebuilders to surrender land if construction had not started two years after planning permission was granted .
it is the first time the us is charging people associated with a national government with hacking into us infrastructure for major industries like finance and water .
a member of the montpellier side that won the french ligue 1 title in 2012 , he joined dynamo kiev from montpellier on a five - year deal in july 2013 .
the impact of one of margaret thatcher 's deregulation drives was the drastic reorganisation of the way shares were traded in the uk .
the high court heard that the child , who is from berkshire but who can not be identified , requires around - the - clock care .
he wrote : ` ` there had been rumours for years that the smiths were about to re - form , and they were always untrue .
lawro was speaking to bbc sport 's chris bevan .
the 60s show was camp in its portrayal of batman .
she has said she fears both her daughters will be subjected to the practice and forced into marriage should they return to nigeria .
` ` if andy stays fit and healthy , i can see him being the dominant force going forward , '' henman said .
japan 's world number six jun mizutani beat belarusian vladimir samsonov 4 - 1 in the bronze medal match .
over the last two years kenya has been in the spotlight after a german television programme claimed that many kenyan athletes are doping .
browning , 22 , missed the end of last season with a knee injury that kept him out for nearly a year .
` ` the reality of today shows that we must stand against power with power and it proves a million times over that our decision to strengthen our nuclear deterrence has been the right choice .
there was no conclusive evidence to link him to ms kagazi 's killing , but he was being questioned about his possible role in her murder and in other crimes , he added .
the company , which claims its own plans for growth are superior , has been urged to reject a merger by the dutch government and its own workers .
a 15-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder , west yorkshire police said .
even though manchester city finished premier league runners up , their season has been considered a disappointment .
the cash handed over by marvell will fund development of a tablet version of the xo - the rugged computer designed to boost education in developing nations .
mr down , 29 , had been staying at barnes 's flat for free when he was attacked with the long - handled axe as he slept in the lounge .
steam direct will let developers get their games onto the service without first having to win over audiences to a title .
police scotland said it was not known if she was in the house at the time .
al hasawi , who took control of the reds in the summer of 2012 , would not reveal the identity of the buyers .
dungannon swifts v warrenpoint town
the two women are now back with their families , forcibly separated and under surveillance by the islamic police .
bomb squad experts were called in and carried out the controlled explosion on monday evening .
it is understood he is being questioned over the deaths of william nash , michael mcdaid and john young .
we want to join with them , working alongside them , to make britain the greatest cultural force in the world .
` ` i believe that the belt is a goodwill gesture - i ' m still ready to come and give it to him .
but a few years ago he was contacted by robin wills - whose father had owned the saloon car in the 1960s and 70s - who had tracked it down to america .
` ` it is great to be involved with such a great club as crusaders - i hope i can bring more success to everyone here on the shore road , '' said mcchrystal .
the sentinels are a flagship space project for the european union , which has committed billions of euros to the endeavour .
match ends , cardiff city 0 , bristol city 0 .
it comes after two french tourists died while snorkelling on the reef at michaelmas cay on wednesday .
` ` there have been anomalies , '' mr lavrilleux , a deputy director of mr sarkozy 's 2012 presidential campaign , told france 's bfm tv .
` ` naturally players not included in this pre - season camp will be disappointed , but consistent high - level performances can change that . ''
norfolk police said they wanted to trace three men seen around the woodland close to the time he died .
consultation into the proposal ends on 12 september .
the substances are not illegal under world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- rules but there are concerns about the ethics of administering them intravenously .
you can hear the tales of the 10 on bbc radio manchester each weekday until friday , 23 january .
last year 's exam was also controversial because of a mistake in one of the questions in the world geology section .
a scottish fire and rescue spokeswoman said the dog 's body was later recovered from the water .
one victim , an 18-year - old , was raped in october 2011 and a 35-year - old was raped in february 2012 .
the new format did work on one level , however .
saudi officials did not give a reason for sheikh obeikan 's departure .
commentators said edf customers on standard tariffs could save more than Â # 300 a year by switching to the best fixed - price deal .
the dfe figures indicate that there has been a consequent drop in the number of enrolments to non - regulated courses over the three years .
architects plans show a petal - shaped glass structure at the centre of a Â # 1bn development featuring a marina , housing and restaurants .
the shadow chancellor said aggressive tax avoiders should be treated the same as people who cheat the welfare system .
bragg was overheard by friends four days before ms cook was killed saying ` ` one of these days i ' m going to kill her '' , dorset police said .
back at the taipei recycling centre , more bags of used clothes arrive for ms hsiao to sort .
james is town 's sixth signing of the summer so far .
the winter fuel allowance will be means - tested with the money spent on health and social care in england -lrb- and the welsh government -rrb- given a share of the cash .
the inquest was told rhodri 's car was one of seven vehicles in a convoy going on a drive from barry on the night of 6 march .
the number of british military personnel killed in operations in afghanistan since 2001 is now 340 .
mr murdoch has taken over the role of fox news ceo and executive chairman since mr ailes stepped down .
` ` i ' m really excited about helping shape the future vision and strategy for girls and women 's football , '' said baroness campbell .
we spoke to a young yorkshire resident max to see what the atmosphere was like down on the start line .
longer nhs waiting lists means more private work as either people will pay to go private or , and this is more common , the nhs has to pay for patients to be seen privately .
bruce keogh , medical director at nhs england , said : ` ` improving cancer care is an absolute priority for nhs england ... that is dependent on access to treatments . ''
earlier , airport officials said that mr kucherena had given mr snowden the travel documents .
` ` thankfully the householder , a woman , who was in the house at the time , was not injured but she is very upset by what has happened . ''
kettings , 23 , spent three months on loan at national league side bromley last season , playing 14 times .
yves jego has launched a drive on the change.org website calling for vegetarian alternatives to be compulsory in all schools .
the pound was down 0.10 % against the dollar at $ 1.6314 .
podemos leader pablo iglesias has offered to form a left - wing coalition government with the psoe after the election .
the initial deadline to name a champions trophy squad was 25 april but india will not face a sanction for not doing so .
captain ms dhoni edged hastings behind for a second - ball duck and , when kohli lobbed richardson to mid - off , india had lost three wickets for one run .
` ` wales and the ospreys came together and i ' m happy to get it done . ''
medicines are also tested for toxicity before being given to people .
here is what his colleagues had to say to him .
for the uk economy , it is worth considering two points .
the researchers analysed data for 128 fathers and - taking into account factors such as income and age - found a positive correlation between the degree to which the men engaged with their babies at three months and how those children went on to score in the tests .
` ` i submit that this is the basis of a culture of bullying and harassment . ''
local authorities have no statutory duty to fund and maintain public parks , and a 2014 report by the heritage lottery fund found 86 % of park managers had seen cuts to their budgets since 2010 .
the group 's climate and energy policy officer gina hanrahan said : ` ` it 's great to see the scottish government supporting projects to help lower the costs of offshore wind .
` ` a member of the nec has gone back and given advice on what they need to do . ''
the project has been organised by the woodland trust , and is one of four new woods being created across the uk .
adlène guédioura -lrb- crystal palace -rrb- right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left .
known at villa park as ` sid ' , he was one of seven ever - presents in their 1980 - 81 title - winning season , playing all 42 games as ron saunders ' side remarkably used just 14 players .
after the attack more than 80,000 people signed an online petition calling for mr kenny to be awarded the george cross for his bravery .
as i ' ve written before , the uk and holyrood governments are set for a battle royal over timing of a potential vote .
` ` no matter what club you are at you have to strive to do the best you can and aim for the top , '' davies said .
they 're not bothered about the injuries because they 're not going to be taking it to the vets and having it treated .
the chiefs will be replaced at the top of the table if unbeaten saracens beat newcastle falcons on sunday .
awareness rides were planned for penarth , vale of glamorgan , swansea , neyland in pembrokeshire , machynlleth , powys , flintshire and porthmadog in gwynedd .
he added : ` ` she would like to have the question of uk citizens living in europe and european citizens living in the uk dealt with in the early part of discussions that take place . ''
exam regulator ofqual says there were more than 572,000 queries over grades - an increase of 27 % .
the campaign has triggered controversy , with critics saying that it is a crude assault on ukraine 's past .
st michael 's hospital is joining other uk foetal medicine centres to set up a twin - to - twin transfusion syndrome -lrb- ttts -rrb- registry to share information .
the bbc 's mohamed madi went to soho 's greek street to find out .
witnesses told the bbc there were actually two explosions ; the car bomb detonated after a smaller device planted in a laptop computer went off inside the hotel 's reception area .
meanwhile , on - loan carlisle midfielder russell penn , 30 , has extended his loan stay with gateshead until 26 december .
mr netanyahu 's office said the prime minister needed a good night 's sleep on the flight ahead of a day of busy schedules .
a 10-year - old boy - only just at the age of criminal responsibility - has been cautioned by northumbria police for sexting .
the company will not say where the cuts will fall , but part of the plan involves changing the nature of the workforce .
` ` firstly for myself , because that would take the joy of racing out .
bahrain gp first practice results
professor macchiarini already has 10 other windpipe transplants under his belt - most notably the world 's first tissue - engineered tracheal transplant in 2008 on 30-year - old spanish woman claudia costillo - but all required a donor .
` ` polar bear breeding is inherently complex as the species are induced ovulators , meaning that the female only releases an egg after initial mating occurs .
while he admits taking cardiff to a top - six finish this season would top any achievement in his career so far , he still considers his previous play - off campaigns to be the highlights of his career so far .
garcia and mladenovic claimed their first grand slam title having only teamed up this year with a target of playing at the olympics .
meanwhile , last season 's championship winners and challenge cup giant killers leigh , who knocked out super league sides wakefield and salford , are out after losing 10 - 8 at league 1 side toulouse .
hampshire then put somerset in to face six overs , but they closed on 18 - 0 .
he told the inquest that he told his daughter to keep a window open as he did not want her to die from carbon monoxide poisoning .
the accumulation of radars and air defence systems , as well as coastal anti - shipping missiles , all form part of moscow 's developing ` ` anti - access and area denial strategy '' , which in essence seeks to push nato forces away from russia and to make it very difficult to reinforce nato members in the baltic region in the event of a crisis .
australians voted against becoming a republic in a 1999 referendum .
rodgers also predicted his team 's form would improve , with daniel sturridge , joe allen and emre can expected to return from injury following the upcoming two - week international break .
george papendreou , former prime minister of greece , told the conference that he had been a refugee when his family was in political exile .
the seven people the pps has said will not face any charges in connection with the murder of jean mcconville fall into two groups .
this is 17 % higher than the number made homeless in the year 2011 - 12 .
about seven miles -lrb- 11 km -rrb- of shoreline , including beaches at great yarmouth , gorleston and from scratby to north denes , were affected by the flooding .
lynsey dunn , 28 , and paul smith , 36 , who are believed to be the boy 's mother and stepfather , have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence .
millwall are now only outside the play - off places on goal difference while shrewsbury remain in the relegation zone .
in june , police dogs were widely praised for the support they provided after a landslide in southwest sichuan province .
allardyce had a spell at sunderland as a player between 1980 and 1981 and becomes the first person to manage both the black cats and rivals newcastle .
brentford 1 , cardiff city 1 .
officers were called at about 02:30 bst following reports that a man in his 30s had been attacked in greenbrow road , wythenshawe .
` ` hopefully the anglo - welsh cup can be the catalyst to kick on in the premiership .
royal sun alliance told staff on wednesday that 190 jobs were at risk of redundancy but was ` ` committed '' to staying in the city .
but it says government support is needed to improve the network of ` ` ageing '' flightpaths .
: ` ` the headline act may be a man in a black rubber suit but the real star of the dark knight rises is batman 's nightmarish nemesis , bane . ''
as he lay dying in his hospital bed , alexander litvinenko had remained the trained operative he had always been and tried to recall for police every detail that might hold a clue to his poisoning .
four people , including the two ambulance crew , were taken to hospital in lincoln .
russian opposition politicians have described the posting as a murder threat .
when she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue , less than one mile -lrb- 1.6 km -rrb- away , she was refused .
the government has said that as child protection is a devolved matter , the right place for the kincora allegations to be examined is northern ireland 's historical institutional abuse inquiry , which has been sitting in banbridge .
riga replaces compatriot karel fraeye , who was sacked from his post as interim head coach on wednesday .
` ` we have reached a decision that there is insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction and therefore consider that no further action should be taken in this case . ''
old mutual said it expected the separation of its four main units to be completed by the end of 2018 .
a uefa statement read : ` ` uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the football association of serbia -lrb- fss -rrb- and england 's football association -lrb- fa -rrb- following a number of incidents during and after england 's 1 - 0 win over serbia in the 2013 uefa european under-21 championship play - off second leg at the mladost stadium in krusevac on tuesday 16 october 2012 .
` ` this is the biggest challenge in football .
as a result it has identified ` ` a number of operators engaging in practices likely to be breaking consumer law '' , which is why it is taking enforcement action .
` ` the research outcome for mons graupius will be clarified by the end of the financial year . ''
the former cardiff councillor has put forward a petition calling on the welsh government to change the name .
mining firm om manganese was found guilty on friday - the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted in australia for desecration of a sacred site .
i could see my thighs were bigger in the mirror after eating anything calorific .
police want to trace a woman and a man .
the funding announcement comes as a conference on developing perinatal mental health services was being held in cardiff .
during that year homes on the derelict site were demolished , but the site has since remained untouched .
ms eagle said : ` ` john whittingdale is behaving as if he were running the bbc - he is not .
writing on facebook , vine said he too had been attacked as a 15-year - old .
the happy couple say that guidelines of the pastafarian religion stipulate that wedding celebrants must be pirates .
jordan williams -lrb- barrow -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
for the us and middle east the kremlin will most likely adopt the old soviet - style policy of mixing threats with softer language , hoping to reach an accommodation that could be presented domestically as a ` ` victory '' .
he added : ` ` no - one was injured in the incident and a knife was recovered . ''
` ` the organised crime squad is in the early stage of examining information relating to alleged match - fixing in the nrl , '' said new south wales police .
` ` this is a key day in the creation of the women 's cricket super league , '' said england & wales cricket board chief executive tom harrison .
statistics on sexual harassment vary widely , but an extensive 1992 us national study found that 41 % of women had experienced it ; and about 40 - 50 % of women in the eu , according to the united nations .
they declared on 245 - 9 to leave durham 296 from a minimum of 78 overs for victory , which they reached to end the hosts ' two - year stay in the top tier .
rose died of the illness in 2014 .
brace will take on an as yet unnamed opponent for the vacant wbc international bantamweight title .
short - format specialist buttler has scored england 's three fastest odi centuries , including a 46-ball ton against pakistan last year .
partick thistle 0 , celtic 3 .
selby , aiming for a third world title , said his good form meant he is not being troubled by the weight of expectation that comes with being the current champion .
david campbell , organiser of the wodehouse prize said : ` ` lost for words is a wonderfully funny send - up of literary prizes and much of contemporary cultural life .
mr bayes was first elected as a councillor in 1985 .
take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
glenavon have the right to appeal against the disciplinary committee 's decision .
` ` the players who had n't competed in the two - year cycle and lead - up to the european championship would n't be considered .
a slab of timber was discovered when the estate was constructed in 2003 .
on the penultimate day of his caribbean tour , the prince took a flight to the iwokrama international centre which has a close link to the prince of wales , who has been its patron since 2000 .
bbc news looks back at how his recovery captured the hearts of thousands and inspired a petition calling on the government to re - think the laws surrounding injured police support animals .
since 1986 , 176 journalists have been killed in the philippines , one of the most dangerous countries for reporters .
` ` we are really excited to add a player of dustin 's pedigree to the belfast giants .
but now they are working on reopening the facilities in april , complete with new equipment .
a scottish fire and rescue spokeswoman said there were no casualties in the incident .
moments after chris evans announced he was stepping down as a presenter on top gear , twitter users took to social media to comment about the number of recent high - profile resignations in politics and sport .
it is the worst record in the world .
britain 's andy murray will take on stan wawrinka of switzerland in the other men 's semi - final at 14:00 bst .
to get a century at old trafford was one of my boyhood dreams and it 's come true .
the court heard that the alleged plan to rape a baby was to have taken place on 17 january last year in bedfordshire .
they could be presented at next month 's diamond league anniversary games , or at the world championships in london in august .
he is charged with aggravated robbery and complicity to commit rape , both first - degree felonies .
eight fire appliances and 45 fire fighters are at the scene , including crew members from the irish fire service .
smith and warner will lead australia in the limited - overs matches that follow the final ashes test at the oval , which starts on 20 august .
in his acceptance speech on being elected mp for uxbridge , mr johnson said he would lie down ` ` in front of those bulldozers and stop the building , stop the construction of that third runway '' at heathrow .
the team , also co - owned by basketball legend magic johnson and former cardiff city chairman vincent tan , will play at the purpose built 22,000-seater banc of california stadium .
as mr platt is a ` ` person of interest '' in the case , he has a right to attend .
people for the ethical treatment of animals -lrb- peta -rrb- wants the mascot to be replaced with a modern animal - friendly version .
faith groups and the north east scotland credit union -lrb- nescu -rrb- have set up an account to allow people to donate money for essential items .
the king also replaced the head of the royal guard , and made several appointments to the team of his son , crown prince mohammed bin salman .
human rights activists say dozens of government critics in vietnam have been given long jail terms in recent years .
the council 's planning officers had recommended the scheme near skegness be approved but councillors rejected it .
headline acts in previous years have included bassment jaxx , blondie and fat boy slim .
the bbc now accounts for 97 % -lrb- # 84 m -rrb- of total public service broadcasting spending on children 's programmes .
it was intended to give the public confidence that community sentences , involving clearing communal paths and gardens , picking up litter and painting over graffiti , were a ` ` tough '' alternative to imprisonment .
moeen was on only 15 at the time .
a west midlands fire service spokesman said : ` ` we are working together with university hospital coventry and have an action plan in place for upgrading fire standards . ''
rafael nadal beat fellow spaniard fernando verdasco 6 - 0 7 - 6 -lrb- 11 - 9 -rrb- .
next year michael fassbender will play frank sidebottom in frank , a movie inspired by the character .
former england striker bent said falling at the first hurdle of the play - offs against west ham in his last season with ipswich town in 2004 - 05 was a harsh early lesson in his career .
farquhar is a well known - figure in motorcycling and has won five races at the north west 200 .
a build - up of fluid in his brain increased pressure in vinnie 's skull and ultimately led to his death , the court heard .
one of the organisations affected is the northern ireland environment link .
` ` we have been absolutely clear that if councils do not deliver one for one replacements for the additional homes sold under right to buy the government will . ''
he insisted the brexit arrangements would be a ` ` united kingdom deal '' , rejecting the idea put forward by the scottish government that the country should be able to keep its place in the european single market .
second half ends , newport county 1 , yeovil town 0 .
born in birmingham , suliman signed a professional deal with villa in january 2015 until 2017 , but is yet to make a senior , competitive first - team appearance for the championship club .
laws , 26 , had been training with arsenal but has decided to remain in the north east by swapping sunderland for wsl 2 club durham .
the tigers ' storming finish , in which they scored five tries in 22 minutes , secured a fourth successive derby win to climb a place into sixth above wakefield .
the 68-year - old from bournemouth died when his vauxhall astra hit a nissan juke on the a31 near corfe mullen .
a challenge was also lodged by a lawyer over the inability to hold the vote in east jerusalem , which israel annexed after seizing it in the 1967 war but palestinians want to be the capital of a future state .
an image of the couple during their last moments was released by their children .
the club said in a statement : ` ` he was a genuine nice guy and would do anything for anyone .
tomas rogic -lrb- celtic -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked .
but roma forward mohamed salah , who has been out with an ankle injury , is among the 27 names on the preliminary list .
an inky and foul - smelling cloud of water appeared at the base of niagara falls on 29 july 2017 .
pedrosa , whose career began in the 125cc class in 2001 , had not won a motogp race since the czech grand prix in august 2014 and missed three of the season 's first four races after arm surgery .
but hughes believes their move out of the city , and the historical rivalry the tigers have with cheltenham , has caused fans to abandon their local club .
isle of wight council said its new procedures were in response to a resident 's complaint .
the explosions took place at a warehouse owned by ruihai international logistics located in tianjin 's port area .
the paintings have been accepted in lieu of inheritance tax .
islanders recovered hundreds of cases of whisky from the wreck and some of the bottles were buried to keep them hidden from customs officers .
from now on , descendants of sephardic jews who can prove a strong link to portugal can apply for a passport .
the number of full - time crewed stations was reduced to four in a previous round of cuts - two remain in ipswich , along with lowestoft and bury st edmunds .
the shakers start the new league season with a home game against recently - relegated charlton on saturday .
` ` however , if current recruitment and retention trends continue , we expect an uplift to the pay framework significantly higher than 1 % will be required in the course of this parliament , to ensure an adequate supply of good teachers for schools in england and wales , '' it said .
the witness responded by saying to mr findlay : ` ` you are a liar . ''
and six nations chief executive john feehan has said relegation will not be introduced in the short to medium term and dismissed criticism of italy as unfair .
a public exhibition is being held at the assembly room at oxford 's town hall .
police said the body found in woods near kilbrennan drive , motherwell , had yet to be formally identified but was believed to be mr thomson .
the two men who carried out the killing remain on death row .
this makes a management buyout ` ` risky '' , sir vince said , adding that , long - term , habits in british industry must be changed , with a proper strategy drawn up and more products used that are made in the uk .
district heating sees large boilers provide heat for entire districts through a network of pipes .
of these victims , about a third have four or more bad add - ons installed in their browser .
lee o'donnell , whose nickname is the ` mad scientist ' , pulled it off at the monster jam world finals in las vegas , usa .
plaid health spokeswoman elin jones said the fact that 23 % of gps were aged 55 or over and nearing retirement age needed to addressed .
mr marland , labour leader of the council , said : ` ` he resigned to protect the reputation of the council but i think it is very difficult for him to remain and keep the trust of the public after advocating for someone who has been convicted of rape .
` ` rojo is playing phenomenally , '' said mourinho .
meanwhile , foderingham admitted the rangers players are still getting used to new manager pedro caixinha 's methods since he took over from mark warburton .
miranda krestovnikoff has been investigating for inside out and speaking to neil garrick - maidment , from the seahorse trust , and the royal yachting association 's emma barton .
the reconstruction was produced by specialists from dundee university 's centre for anatomy and human identification -lrb- cahid -rrb- who worked from detailed analysis of the skull .
so , however much east africans are listening to one another , it seems as though there are still many who are happy to ignore their neighbours and continue doing their own thing .
after suffering the injury , heaslip looked in danger of missing the remainder of the six nations but the number eight insists that he always remained optimistic of making a quick return to action .
kirklees council had been consulting on plans to replace paid staff at seven sites in huddersfield with volunteers .
the rev paul mothersdale , the rector of st hilda 's church , said a lot of money had been invested in trying to persuade the bats to move out of the church .
the 49-year - old has been banned for two games and handed a 15,000 euros -lrb- # 13,373 -rrb- fine .
but the other two illnesses , onchocerciasis or ` ` river blindness '' and lymphatic filariasis or ` ` elephantiasis '' - both caused by roundworm parasites - are lesser known .
the former police officer , from budapest , had been living in the uk for four years .
one israeli arab was also shot dead after carrying out an attack at a bus station in southern israel in october in which an israeli soldier was killed .
outsourcing contracts to cover both cancer and end of life care in staffordshire were announced last year .
` ` we ' ve been getting calls every day , there has n't been one day where i have n't had a bat call , '' she said .
the modern beltane fire festival has run since 1988 .
the beating happened at the time of a deadly attack by an israeli arab at the same place in beersheba .
they pleaded guilty to conspiracy to burgle , namely to enter hatton garden safe deposit in london with intent to steal , between 1 january and 7 april .
surfstitch purchased the firm as part of a combined deal that also includes surf magazine stab .
st mirren 4 - 1 the new saints
home secretary theresa may said non - violent extremism could not go ` ` uncontested '' as it led to the erosion of women 's rights , the spread of intolerance and bigotry and the separation of some communities ` ` from the mainstream '' .
` ` most jockeys are unhappy about the idea .
` ` it was only afterwards that i found out katy was the first baby to be born on an air ambulance , which is an interesting conversation starter .
the cornish pirates are seventh in the championship and two points off the play - off places ahead of sunday 's home game against london scottish .
chelsea 's diego costa and manchester united 's juan mata are recalled after being left out of the euro 2016 squad .
tony akers , transport for london 's head of bus operations , said : ` ` at approximately 9.55 am on sunday 2 october , a route 26 double - decker hybrid bus , operated by ct bus , suffered a fire at bishopsgate junction .
a 30-year - old brighton man was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm .
this new finding gives more of an idea of how the group of dinosaurs , known as the ornithischians , evolved over the years .
the department said the scheme had been set up to encourage people of irish descent to trace their family roots and to give ` ` greater practical expression to the sense of irish identity felt by many around the world '' .
a party spokesman told the bbc that the fake degree did not matter .
last week , facebook said it was now registering eight billion views a day of video material posted on its social media network .
and a number of european newspapers were critical of the eu even trying to make a deal .
the current wave of unrest started in san cristobal on 4 february , when students took to the streets to protest against the alleged attempted rape of a university student .
andrew salina was found seriously injured at his home in roystonhill at about 03:30 after emergency services were alerted to a disturbance .
` ` the uk remains a full member of europol , and because of our justice and home affairs opt - in , we have the option to seek to opt - in to europol 's new legislative framework .
ennis - hill , who won gold at london 2012 olympics and silver four years later in rio , announced her retirement from the sport in october .
as reported in the daventry express , sam chambers , coach of weedon bec primary school , sent his cv to the fa after england crashed out of euro 2016 .
in comments picked up on the headphones of reporters waiting outside the meeting , mr netanyahu told the prime ministers of hungary , the czech republic , poland and slovakia : ` ` the european union is the only association of countries in the world that conditions the relations with israel ... on political conditions .
he has asked journalists not to take photos of him .
sale director of rugby steve diamond has echoed monye 's thought , saying that solomona has the ` ` world at his feet '' .
five of the 16 passengers on the bus and one of two people in the toyota yaris car were also taken to hospital .
the 23-year - old ivorian broke hearts across great britain when he snatched victory from lutalo muhammad in the last second of the men 's -80 kg taekwondo olympic final .
one witness told the hearing mcmeekin had driven ` ` like a lunatic '' .
an inquest is expected to examine whether the delay played any part in her death , on 19 october .
osbourne , who is new iron manager mark robins 's first signing for the club , could make his debut against colchester on saturday .
one driver managed to successfully navigate bargrennan bridge , near newton stewart , in november .
mr matheson will be a visiting professor at strathclyde university 's institute for future cities - part of its economics department .
mclaughlin 's older brother , conor , is also a right - back , with league one club fleetwood town , and has six northern ireland caps .
taylor stopped german nina meinke in a world title eliminator at wembley stadium in april and is expected to fight for a world title in the autumn .
local lawmaker roberto alejandro segovia hernandez said police would be deployed to the village and the roads leading to it to ensure safety in case the crowds who said on facebook they would attend really did descend on la joya .
he added : ` ` i do not like doing business with sinn féin .
but ellington came through late outside them to steal both second place and the second automatic olympic place .
smith , 34 , lost wbo title bouts with arthur abraham in 2014 and 2015 , and trainer joe gallagher said saturday 's fight was a ` ` last roll of the dice '' .
mr mcafee , a father - of - two , was attacked in the living room of his home and police have released a photograph of the murder scene as part of the renewed appeal .
the majority of the posts in the executive will be filled by ministers from the dup and sinn fÃ © in .
hospitals and other health services are not like businesses .
the building in hammersmith 's margravine cemetery , london created in 1869 , has been given grade ii listing .
the girl , in the back of the car , was treated at hospital for minor injuries .
the dmc3 / triplesat satellites were launched in july by a pslv - xl rocket from the satish dhawan space centre in india .
yn ffodus , roedd camera cymru fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf !
the 1 july deadline is to ensure teams have sufficient time to incorporate the design into their 2017 cars .
broady was beaten 6 - 3 2 - 6 6 - 3 in round one by french world number 166 alize lim , while ward lost 6 - 4 7 - 5 to american dennis novikov in round two .
he is equally upbeat about the firm 's growth prospects , pointing to the success of us discount chain dollar tree , which has been going for half a century , for proof of poundland 's potential longevity .
gen dempsey 's description of moscow 's decision to send missiles to syria as ` ` ill - timed and very unfortunate '' comes amid growing alarm that chemical weapons may have been used in the country , something us president barack obama has said would be ` ` a red line '' .
the police officer is in a stable condition in hairmyres hospital .
but what it also has is hundreds of students from the uk - and the number is rising .
in april 2014 , lebanese security forces foiled an attempt to smuggle 15 million captagon pills hidden in shipping containers full of corn from beirut 's seaport , according to afp .
the death toll for black merchant seamen during world war two was high .
uk sport recently axed funding for basketball , synchronised swimming , water polo and weightlifting but nicholl insisted this announcement was not related to the performances of winter sport athletes in sochi .
groenewegen also took narrow victory ahead of ewan in the opening stage of the 2016 event , eventually won by thomas voeckler , who is defending his title this year .
the school statement said it would close at the end of the autumn term .
southampton - born tremlett , who began his career at hampshire before moving to surrey in 2010 , took 53 wickets at an average of 27 in his 12 test appearances for england .
she had known most of the people involved in the fire , as had most of the people living nearby , and the fundraising started straight away with everybody joining in .
` ` the banking industry strongly supports this work , which is a really important step in ending ` too big to fail ' and ensuring that never again will taxpayers have to step in to bail out banks , '' he said .
players of the video game have 30 wrestling characters to choose from .
former port vale player jefford has made 27 appearances for welling this season .
at the weekend , assynt mountain rescue team members bob kerr , of portskerra , and tim hamlet , of achiltibuie , climbed to the summits of both sea stacks .
after the news was announced , designer marc jacobs tweeted : ` ` congratulations to our longtime friend @edward_enninful , the new editor of british vogue !
after breaking into the sri lanka side in 2000 as a wicketkeeper - batsman , he eventually relinquished the wicketkeeping gloves in test cricket in 2008 .
on thursday , mr abbott angered australian jewish groups by saying the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , from which many of the migrants to europe are fleeing , was worse than the nazis .
a downing street source said : ` ` the spitfire is arguably the most important plane in the history of aviation , playing a crucial role in the second world war .
the secretary of state also encouraged president mursi to live up to his promises to protect the rights of women and minorities , and to preserve the peace treaty with israel .
but they were always staring at defeat after being bowled out for 91 , either side of tea on saturday , to follow - on 363 runs in arrears - and they take just a single point from the match .
the force said it was convinced the car was not sold by the owner , as his daughter said she would have been informed , and all of the documentation is still in her late father 's house .
now fully engaged in november 's primary to choose the centre - right 's presidential candidate , nicolas sarkozy has dismissed mr buisson 's book as unworthy of notice .
in 2012 , the rbs group was hit by a major it meltdown that led to a large fine .
however , researchers at the lhcb detector have dealt a serious blow to hopes of finding them .
last year , barratt built 1,390 new homes in scotland , nearly half of which were constructed on brownfield land .
gen johnson is head of the shilluk militia , which has been accused by the un children 's agency unicef of abducting hundreds of boys and forcing them to become child soldiers .
but midwife caroline duncan told the nursing and midwifery council there was ` ` no evidence '' they knew she was ill .
` ` after a meeting and discussion this evening , stranraer fc can announce that manager brian reid has left the club by mutual consent , '' said stranraer on their website .
south - eastern turkey has seen frequent clashes between the pkk and turkish security forces since a fragile truce collapsed in the summer of 2015 .
one of the most impressive bits of sporting security i ' ve experienced came at the ryder cup , at the k club in ireland in 2006 .
samoa are out of the world cup .
sanchez , 40 , signed a contract extension in january to remain in charge until the end of next season .
in iceland 's parliament , nearly 50 % of lawmakers are women , and a voluntary measure for equal pay across the country was introduced in 2012 .
the care home , which is run by clancare ltd , was given a score of two -lrb- weak -rrb- for its quality of care and support ; its quality of management and leadership and its quality of staffing.inspectors found that 10 requirements for improvement , made at a previous inspection , were not met .
the man , in his 40s , was arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun at about 17:15 gmt , police said .
mr stewart had been working on a contract in bhogpur in india before his disappearance .
it will ban patterson from entering rear alleyways with the exception of the one behind his own home .
o'kane moved for an undisclosed fee , but nicholson says any money will go to help the cash - strapped club .
made a really important save from tom rogic soon after celtic had clawed it back to 2 - 2 .
bevan won a series of junior titles before he claimed bronze in the pommel horse at the 2015 european games in baku .
the suspects are currently in custody and being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class a drugs .
morgan said his side ` ` have one eye on the champions trophy '' on home soil in june but added that west indies could prove as tough a challenge as the 2 - 1 series loss in india in january .
so things are getting better and the confidence is in the side . ''
residents awoke from a night of colourful fireworks to find the city covered in a thick grey blanket of smog and authorities warned that pollution levels were critically high .
the 22-year - old dragons wing tweeted : ` ` operation set for monday , aiming to be back in february '' .
india won the first test in galle by 304 runs .
` ` the camera operator has the camera positioned to show the females from the waist down , focusing on their bare legs and zooming in on their bottoms . ''
speaking outside court , mr woods said : ` ` i thought i was going to die that night .
we are asking police scotland what they know .
liv garfield was just 38 when she became chief executive of the water firm severn trent in 2014 .
a separate application has been submitted , which is yet to be considered .
mr hockney was in bed asleep at the time and was ` ` completely unaware '' of what had happened , the inquest heard .
` ` the public response to our appeal has been enormous and we are grateful for the support offered by the people of edinburgh .
the company said generating its own electricity and steam would help reduce its carbon footprint .
of the 160,000 successful challenges , 9,000 were from new york , where the bot launched in march 2016 , reports venture beat .
` ` work is the best route out of poverty and employment in wales is at record levels , '' a spokesman said .
` ` we can understand why ronson and mars wanted to avoid a very expensive court case , but i ' m sure they would not have given credit if they had n't felt that would be the right thing to do . ''
that is why i am calling on the government to initiate a cross - party review of 14 - 19 education in this country .
between april and october 103 liner visits are scheduled to guernsey , alderney , sark and herm .
victory over scotland will secure a place in next year 's world twenty20 .
that represents an improvement for more than 10,000 exam entries .
windsor , slough , eton and hounslow athletics club normally use the park 's famous long walk for winter training .
the children will be transported from croydon , south london , where they were taken from the jungle camp by a private security company .
mae rhieni yn poeni bod colli ' r ffrwd gymraeg yn ysgol uwchradd aberhonddu yn peryglu addysg cyfrwng cymraeg yn ysgol gynradd y bannau .
newsbeat contacted brand to see if he was really going to take legal action against the sun and its owner rupert murdoch .
westley was asked by bbc radio cambridgeshire if he felt increased pressure following saturday 's defeat and said : ` ` i come to work every day and feel pressure , i put pressure on myself .
` ` there were about six seconds left of training , he planted his foot and broke his leg .
officials from staffordshire county council and the university said the historic building , in the town centre , would become an information centre for prospective students .
` ` i want a squad of 21 - 22 players next year .
london 2012 olympic champion meilutyte will seek to win lithuania 's first ever world championships gold medal in tuesday 's final .
boeing also projected higher commercial deliveries this year of between 760 and 765 aircraft .
a flybe spokesman said : ` ` the flight landed safely at edinburgh airport following the report of a technical fault with the aircraft . ''
in total , 3.1 % of the capital 's secondary schools fall below the new threshold , while just 2.2 % of its secondary - age pupils are at a school that failed to make the target .
both canon morgan and revd stallard hope the appointment of canon joanna penberthy as wales ' first female bishop will inspire other women and open further opportunities in the church .
scientists made the discovery while trying to understand the ` ` evolution of the animals ' incredible roars '' .
the prime minister has himself had to pay back money spent on travel in the past .
the carriageway was closed 15 times in 2015 due to fatalities or injuries , and 56 times in the last five years , highways england confirmed .
about 75 firefighters worked into the night to put out the fire .
the territory , which has an ethnic russian majority , later voted to join russia in a referendum that ukraine and western countries deem illegal .
only five players are under par at the halfway stage of the second women 's major of the year with americans gerina piller -lrb- 69 -rrb- and brittany lincicome -lrb- 70 -rrb- joining ko on one under .
` ` my thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident , and especially with the friends and families of the six people who lost their lives in what is another sad day for glasgow and scotland . ''
` ` 86 % of consumers are concerned about the amount of sugar in food and drink that they consume .
the olivier awards , which are celebrating their 40th anniversary this year , will be held at london 's royal opera house on 3 april .
gatwick airport chief executive stewart wingate said the results proved gatwick was the best site for the uk 's next runway .
` ` a bright young man has been robbed of his future , and this has had a devastating impact on his friends and family . ''
the cheltenham trust , which runs the gallery , wants to restore it for an exhibition later in the year .
he spent the first half of this season back on loan at the shrimpers , scoring five goals in 28 matches .
the woman behind the allegations says she was forced to sleep with the prince when she was under age , and on three occasions - in london , new york and on a private caribbean island owned by epstein - between 1999 and 2002 .
williams first considered taking up taekwondo after watching fellow welsh fighter jade jones win gold at london 2012 .
` ` lego 's refusal to sell its product to the artist is an act of censorship and discrimination . ''
two were owned by dr prana das , who once owned 25 homes in south wales .
when tredwell was lbw to dixon , stevens added an unbroken 73 with matt coles , giving kent four bonus points and leaving them only two short of guaranteeing second place .
the gardeners ' world presenter believes consumers should shop around .
five of the 26 athletes have already qualified for next year 's olympic games in rio de janeiro , brazil .
spectre will be released in uk cinemas on 26 october .
ian hosking , an expert in design for the elderly at the university of cambridge 's engineering design centre , believes we need to get the basics right first .
the deadline for fans to buy new shares in the club passed on tuesday afternoon .
councillors are recommended to approve the extension allowing mr wingett five more years to commence building at the site .
the move is inspired by the club 's chairman , who is himself a vegan .
the results of dna tests from the partial torso discovered by two walkers in the undergrowth , close to military road , on saturday night showed the body was that of a woman .
bonnyrigg rose 1 , hibernian 5 .
he added : ` ` we have powers to stop and search every day of the week and we will be utilising these , but we can also apply for extra powers to allow us to stop and search specifically in an area which we may apply for and use this weekend . ''
leicester city fc said : ` ` a significant number of supporters experienced difficulty gaining admission to the stadium , resulting in many missing the start of the match .
mclaughlin , 29 , played all but the final three games of burton 's maiden championship season , when he was sidelined by an arm injury .
mr silva da cruz , a brazilian national who had been visiting family in croydon , south london , died from drowning with his asthma possibly an exacerbating factor , the inquest heard .
an ons spokesperson said : ` ` ons has welcomed the bean review as a good opportunity to review our systems and processes for measuring the changing uk economy . ''
the plans include a ` ` wave garden '' with lagoons , water slide , wakeboard lake , lodges , restaurant , retail and play facilities and parking for up to 250 cars .
a 66-year - old woman was arrested shortly afterwards and has been charged with causing death by careless driving .
police said the unexploded flare was believed to be highly toxic , and cordoned off the beach .
` ` there is a great desire and passion among the guys to do well again this year .
colombian referee wilmar roldan consulted the var after a high challenge by mabouka on germany 's emre can led to cameroon captain siani wrongfully receiving a yellow card .
england 's paul casey is still in contention at three - under after a level - par round in charlotte , north carolina .
england had never won a series in australia , but they followed a 39 - 28 victory in the first test in brisbane with a 23 - 7 triumph in melbourne before completing the job in sydney .
the new federal courthouse in salt lake city opened just a week ago .
last year , a separate trust covering the north of the county , north cumbria university hospitals trust , was one of 11 put into special measures after the keogh review found higher - than - expected mortality rates .
the secondary school places shortage is just a few months a way in a handful of local authorities .
sir michael said : ` ` they are a key part of our defence engagement ... , and i do n't think the public would let us lose the red arrows . ''
production of audio equipment at the plant is understood to be moving to china .
in terms of newspapers , they found readers of broadsheets made more progress in vocabulary than people who did not read newspapers .
the judge was told that the health and safety executive of northern ireland -lrb- hseni -rrb- found a number of breaches by hayes fuels , including :
the monarch had earlier been at musselburgh racecourse 's 200th birthday celebrations .
the price of carbon recovered slightly on monday after demand for an auction of 3.5 million permits was stronger than expected .
goldman sachs said earlier this month that it now expected oil prices to consistently hit $ 50 a barrel in the second half of 2016 and $ 60 by the end of 2017 .
mr mcknight , aged in his 50s , was from hillsborough , county down .
the secondary school is the last of the states high schools to be redeveloped , following the rebuild of les beaucamps and st sampson 's .
last month , four peregrine falcons were found dead in their remote nest at a quarry in gwynedd .
ryan lochte won world 200 m individual medley gold in 1:55.81 on thursday .
people who might be affected include those with cow 's milk protein allergy and gastro - oesophageal reflux disease , it warned , but it calculated this would provide a saving of # 386,000 per year .
what 's gone wrong in venezuela ?
` ` my question is this : what are tottenham 's expectations ? ''
-lsb- but -rsb- it has been an incredible experience for me to represent northern ireland at the commonwealth games as i missed out on delhi because of injury . ''
det const fiona mills said : ` ` this was a despicable act perpetrated against three generations of the one family .
funding for the park has been assisted by a ? ?
but asked whether he would return to the site of his ordeal he replied : ` ` i might go back and look for me gun '' .
murray , mother of tennis star andy , and golfer montgomerie announced plans for the facility , scotland 's first purpose - built golf and tennis centre , last summer .
spieth meanwhile was delighted with a return to form with the putter as he rolled in eight birdies , five on the back nine .
the band shot the video for ` drag me down ' at nasa 's headquarters in houston yesterday .
the governor of the bank of england , mark carney , said the new note would be cleaner , safer and stronger .
mr cameron said that just as scotland will have more power over their affairs , it follows that england , wales and northern ireland must have a bigger say over theirs .
mark cooper has signed defenders lee collins and callum evans and midfielder reece brown as they prepare for their first season in the football league .
` ` his own situation domestically is a huge commitment for him to see his kids .
in the meantime , experts say people should continue to receive an annual flu jab because vaccination is still the best way to protect yourself against infection .
she said : ` ` we are seeing large increases in cases of syphilis among men who have sex with men and they now represent 90 % of syphilis cases in london .
never before has an election in zanzibar - a popular tourist destination - been scrapped .
if victory in the ashes series down under a year earlier was the highlight of england 's rise to the top , then one moment during that time stood out as a clear illustration of team spirit .
on 11 and 12 december 1948 - when malaya was still a british colony - 24 villagers were killed by a platoon of scots guards during a raid at batang kali .
its owner transocean has paid the money requested by the mca to cover costs in dealing with the incident .
the scottish design awards is organised by urban realm - which also organises the carbuncle awards .
overall crime on the network has fallen , although reported sexual offences and violence against the person are up .
tv is the leading medium and three major broadcasters - state - owned tvp and private tvn and polsat - dominate the market .
the uk will maintain an eu deal , which provides 48 countries with duty - free access to britain for imports .
south korea 's national assembly adopted a resolution saying a speedy recovery of the ferry would help heal ` ` the minds of the victims , survivors and bereaved families ... as well as those of all the citizens '' .
the welsh government said it was aware careers wales was consulting on a ` ` voluntary release scheme '' .
so let 's count down some of the best -lrb- worst -rrb- moments from the last series .
the country 's president , hassan rouhani , has active twitter accounts in english and persian .
in a 911 call , a bartender , sam suida , told the police dispatcher a man had come into the bar and said he 'd done something ` ` really bad '' and that he was on the run .
the us justice department said the nation 's largest jail system - with about 19,000 prisoners - had completed some of the reforms required by a 2002 court agreement .
sales are expected to hit record numbers over the weekend , following the black friday sales promotions .
` ` hurricane gonzalo will run eastwards across the atlantic , reaching the uk on monday night , bringing strong winds and heavy rain , '' said a spokesperson .
the boat will be used to try to ensure the safe landing of boats from turkey .
the # 1 m conservation project will repair parts of the castle added in the 20th century .
ominously for the uk , he said that how many more jobs would go to centres all around the eu was no longer in the uk 's control .
speaking after joshua 's 11th - round stoppage of wladimir klitschko , bellew said : ` ` i ' m still dreaming about winning the heavyweight world title but a different portion to the one aj has . ''
an estimated 400,000 people attended the event in 2013 when it was brought to northern ireland for the first time .
sammon has negotiated an early release from his contract with the english championship club .
atlantis is on bbc one on saturdays from 20:30 gmt
the theory of evolution by natural selection was published jointly between darwin and monmouthshire - born alfred russel wallace , whose interest in natural history developed when he moved to neath and worked as a land surveyor with his brother .
as part of the deal to sell 24-year - old de gea to real , united were planning to bring costa rica keeper keylor navas , 28 , in the opposite direction .
all premier league clubs have data analysts , as do many in the lower divisions , with stats crunched on everything from the distance covered by a player in a game to the number of crosses played with either foot .
when it happened to spurs at the bernabeu , it turned into the hardest and weirdest game i have ever played in , because we just never got the ball .
russia 's sergey lazarev had been the bookies ' top tip for days , possibly because his song was so similar to 2015 's swedish winner - with innovative staging and a slick song to match .
jack baird -lrb- st .   mirren -rrb- right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner following a corner .
` ` we end it with an outside but realistic chance of winning .
speaking at the final open day on sunday , archaeologist jon coward said : ` ` the big mosaic will be lifted and conserved but quite where it will end up i could n't tell you but it should be made available .
the actor was one of a team of 12 oscar writers .
polar bear cubs were last born in the uk almost 25 years ago .
kaylie gray said the family has not had any contact with lily allen .
the sale was earlier challenged by lord northampton , a descendant of the marquis , who said the council did not have the right to sell sekhemka .
tns moved further ahead from a corner as the home side cleared off the line but the ball was sent back into the danger area and an unmarked saunders scuffed home from inside the six yard box .
` ` he has been a stand - out player for us over the last few weeks and it 's a real statement of intent from the club . ''
aiton , 30 , had scans to diagnose the injury on monday .
mr miliband said : ` ` today is a call to arms to all young people to register to vote .
in exchange walmart will take a near 5 % stake in jd.com , china 's second largest e - commerce firm after alibaba .
under the new law , hindus above the age of 18 in sindh can register their marriages .
stagecoach said it had now invested more than # 1bn in new buses and coaches since 2006 - 07 .
but the work and pensions secretary , iain duncan smith made clear his belief that the prime minister should stick to the plan to curb benefits for four years , emphasising repeatedly that this is a conservative manifesto commitment .
but , the bbc has leaned that a meeting with the pensions regulator to work through obstacles to a final deal is scheduled before the end of the week .
but for the manufacturers such as essilor and luxottica , it is a stonkingly profitable business .
majid rashed , vice president of the uae international paralympic committee , confirmed ` ` the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete 's head '' .
` ` people should be able to walk through times square without being harassed and harangued , '' councilman corey johnson told the new york times .
the app first made its debut in 2011 and is the most popular messaging service in japan , thailand and taiwan .
in addition to the 20 people in a critical condition , eight others were taken to hospital in a less severe state .
the prime minister met the exiled buddhist leader - who has called for a measure of independence for tibet - when he visited the uk a year ago to accept an award .
latest figures show targets for waits in a&e are being missed in other parts of the uk .
` ` i came to the tour de france for that , but i did n't believe it could happen .
their differences have not been solved , but the employees have agreed to resume talks .
it also has outsourcing contracts from companies and governments to place , for example , police and prison officers where there are shortages , and ` ` supports justice and security strategies '' for governments of countries in conflict , says g4s .
walz has an english father and a german mother , but grew up in majorca , spain .
` ` it also means payments for free personal care they are entitled to are not being received .
you can listen to gaia talk about her book in the audio interview at the top of the page .
the cubs , despite being one of the most popular and historic franchises in baseball , have not won a world series title since 1908 .
first derivatives makes financial analysis software used by investment banks all over the world and the firm now employs more than 1,750 people .
during his trial in a juvenile court , there were calls to try him as an adult and protests were held over the weekend against his release .
mr lucking , 23 , a student from felixstowe who is in his final year studying history at the university of east anglia , said the discovery ` ` had certainly given me a good dissertation project '' .
last week , liverpool turned down a bid of # 25 m , plus add - ons , from premier league rivals city .
gatland said : ` ` the game did n't go fantastic for him outside of that -lsb- try -rsb- , but it was a fitting end for someone who 's had a fantastic career .
john whittingdale 's appointment is different .
the team are taking the journey to draw attention to the melting sea ice .
there were initial fears vunipola would miss the whole of england 's six nations title defence , but it is understood he has looked sharp on his return to full training this week , and is targeting a quick return to international rugby .
however , a short statement said a 23-year - old man had now been arrested and charged with wasting police time .
in a statement , the governing body added : ` ` members who break our code of conduct can face suspension or expulsion from our organisation . ''
match of the day presenter gary lineker tweeted : ` ` luis suarez 's appeal against a four - month ban has failed .
17 % of zimbabwe 's land given to trophy hunting
liaoshen wanbao reported the 49-year - old woman in shenyang city had claimed her husband had divorced her 10 years ago because he disliked the shape of her face , said to be ` ` large and square '' with ` ` fat cheeks '' .
a second suspected al - nusra fighter was arrested in the town of giessen .
` ` i am so happy to be given another opportunity with yeovil to play in wsl 1 , '' heatherson told the club website .
a boy , 16 , and a man , 20 , suspected of involvement were also injured .
mccloskey still had a year remaining on his previous contract but had no hesitation in signing a long - term deal .
in a statement the trust apologised and said there was a ` ` surge '' in patients .
debbie ann williams wrote : ` ` so sad such a lovely smiley soul the gentle giant who always had a big hug 4 everyone rip steff xxxx ''
and they do n't wish to unwittingly boost the leave campaign .
what iraqis have to say about the elections
photographer david baird has charted whitehead 's progress for many years , including his training build - up to the games .
he began his career at wimbledon in 2001 and having played for west ham , cardiff and crystal palace , mcanuff is keen to finish at the madejski stadium .
ministers always face pressure to boost funding for the nhs - and there could well be a boost for health in the budget .
sports direct has not responded to the bbc 's request for a comment .
lord alderdice , a liberal democrat peer who voted remain in last year 's referendum , said that mrs may must not view the issue of the border as if she was still home secretary .
the proposals , which are subject to parliamentary approval , allow farmers to clear drainage ditches and streams without asking permission .
the atlantic storm hit scotland late on tuesday and during wednesday .
five men died during a day - trip to the beach last august .
the antiquities authority said the find was ` ` so valuable that it 's priceless '' .
the final squad before the autumn tests will be named on 26 october , and with injuries to wasps ' james haskell and harlequins ' jack clifford , england currently have a void at open - side flanker .
the green party said it wanted to work with health companies to provide the free products .
` ` it would be to reconstruct lost body parts such as part of the nose or the ear and ultimately large body parts including bone , muscle and vessels . ''
a merseyside police spokesman said it was investigating a report of anti - social behaviour by a group of youths at the event .
the justice department says that the trio did not discuss their plans with associates before leaving .
` ` we agreed that there will be a zero increase of university fees in 2016 , '' mr zuma said after meeting university officials and student representatives .
the inverness base is one of the uk 's busiest search and rescue units .
there is currently no record for the world 's biggest bouncy castle .
reve de sivola held on for second and deputy dan trailed in third , another 12 lengths further back .
the company was due to release results on 10 march and hold its shareholders ' meeting towards the end of april .
so tech is changing tourism in south africa and elsewhere , giving travellers more choice , control and information .
bayern munich manager pep guardiola : ` ` there 's still another leg .
` ` his trust led to his death , as the result of a motiveless but brutal drug and drink - fuelled assault , which caused some of the worst injuries any of us have ever seen . ''
speaking after the club 's agm on monday , mr milne said the new stadium remained on the agenda .
down 1 - 13 0 - 14 meath
several genetic dating methods were also used to estimate the period when the travelling community began to split genetically from the settled population in ireland .
howard suffered the injury in a collision with posh striker shaquile coulthirst in sunday 's 1 - 0 defeat .
during a previous hearing , hughes 's legal team said he had not intended to kill himself and would not have carried out any threat to kill police officers .
` ` we have been advised by the promoters of an evening with liza minnelli that the performance has been cancelled , '' the london palladium said in a statement .
mr dundar 's wife can be seen restraining the gunman along with an unnamed man , before armed plain - clothed police arrive and order the attacker to get down .
libya 's government said last year it hoped the hosting of the nations cup would allow it to demonstrate that life had returned to normal in the country and encourage investors .
the 24-year - old had signed to play for somerset in the second half of the t20 blast , but will not now do so , and will miss new zealand 's remaining one - day internationals in england .
if that 's true that leader has failed to truly build the nation , '' president obama said in the last speech of his africa trip , and arguably his best .
dymond of magna mile , ludford , lincolnshire , was serving as an detective constable in the met 's specialist crime and operations command at the time of the offences .
the presence of beavers has been found previously in the highlands .
there will have been a sense of double sweetness for cas as the triumph came against local rivals wakefield , who twice relegated them in late - season encounters in 2004 and 2006 .
hundreds of thousands of roma - mostly from romania and bulgaria - have moved to western europe since the 1990s .
tatum - who will presumably be a merman - is set to co - star with jillian bell , according to hollywood reporter .
botswana , with more than three decades of strong import restrictions on poultry behind it , now produces enough chickens to feed its own people .
justin wilson was a great person and racing driver .
shane mcguigan is anticipating a ` ` tricky '' fight against undefeated davies next month , expecting it to go to the later rounds .
johnson , 33 , was named man of the series following australia 's ashes win in 2013 - 14 when he took 37 wickets .
his essay was published on thursday alongside the official evaluation of the cultural olympiad , by the university of liverpool 's institute of cultural capital .
` ` if they want to come with a sack - load of money for ricky to defend his title against broner in vegas , i ' m sure there are a few scots who would like a trip there as well . ''
hitachi rail europe said it will bid for the contract to build the hs2 trains .
wales are now back on track to mount a championship challenge , but despite the scots ' improvement , they still seem a little short of the six nations heavyweights .
` ` furthermore , fifa should investigate the possibility of organising the world cup not only in one or two countries but in a whole region , so enabling several countries to enjoy the honour and benefits of hosting the world cup . ''
carberry scored exactly 100 off 121 balls in hampshire 's game against cardiff mccu at the ageas bowl .
baidu , which has not commented on the incident , is one of many firms developing prototypes of self - driving vehicles that will use mapping and artificial intelligence technology .
` ` schools and education staff can help by opening discussion with parents , and scrutinising holiday requests and summer holiday plans from members of communities that practise fgm .
this revealed that the adanson 's spider used its dragline to control the orientation of its body mid - air and to brake as it landed .
however , the family were accused of plotting to murder the prime minister by shooting him with poisoned darts .
but in comments reported by the guardian newspaper , dr jonathan mcdowell , an astrophysicist at harvard university , suggested china might have lost control of the station .
british transport police said there had been a 19 % rise , from 108 incidents in 2014 to 128 last year .
he will be sentenced on friday .
ashton , who is joining toulon in the summer , scored his two tries in the final 10 minutes as the bath defence tired .
` ` we ' ve seen a collapse in forward bookings , which is a very worrying trend , '' he said .
` ` dawn scientists can now conclude that the intense brightness of these spots is due to the reflection of sunlight by highly reflective material on the surface , possibly ice , '' said chris russell , who is the principal investigator on the mission .
the virtual doctors project means that these isolated health centres can be supported by doctors thousands of miles away .
anheuser - busch inbev - 20.8 %
he is so close to his family and friends so this is out of character .
emergency services were called to a blaze at a croft house in kilmuir on saturday .
options for black bin bag collection were weekly , fortnightly and three - weekly , while limiting the number of customer - provided sacks to two or three .
rebels were said to have subsequently launched attacks in the province of latakia and in neighbouring hama .
but as england is increasing the cost of tuition , the us has been trying to reverse out of a spiral of higher fees and higher debt .
ospreys kept racing pinned in their 22 though , earning another penalty that biggar this time converted .
st .   johnstone 1 , hamilton academical 0 .
since the attack in tunisia , the foreign office now advises against all but essential travel to the country .
a survey last year found a camera on the m60 in greater manchester caught about 26 speeding drivers per day .
` ` however , having the vote on the same day as the welsh and scottish elections will limit our ability to have a genuine referendum strategy .
shellard , and good of knight street , liverpool , targeted small firms and start - up businesses sending a sample copy to their clients who were then given 28 days to pay in full .
` ` we 'd have liked to get the three points but it was an incredible effort against a top quality side . ''
researchers at oxford university have developed a way to enhance this - using smart glasses .
and almost 40 % of the firms surveyed reported healthy profits in the last quarter .
it is president - elect donald trump 's right as the democratically - elected next leader of the united states to make the policy decisions he thinks right .
barcelona would have won the title with a win and dani alves went close with a fierce drive , but atletico held on .
royal bank of scotland 's new # 5 plastic note is due to enter circulation on 27 october .
the year - on - year growth of 7.7 % was the strongest recorded in ireland since the early 2000s , mr noonan told reporters .
this is why pharmaceutical companies , such as glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- , merck , sanofi and johnson & johnson , are now turning to artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- to help them .
a group of mps has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis after publishing the results of a seven - month inquiry into medicinal use of the drug .
defence secretary michael fallon said the focus of the air campaign was now turning towards mosul , the last major city in iraq still under is control .
director of rugby richard cockerill told bbc radio leicester : ` ` with eight weeks of the season to go that is probably the last we will see of him . ''
but chairman of the cross - party committee bob neill said : ` ` the evidence we have received has prompted grave misgivings about the operation of the charge , and whether , as currently framed , it is compatible with the principles of justice . ''
the 23-year - old denmark international refused to be on the bench for the visit of bournemouth on 9 april and is now training with the club 's under-21s .
qualification for the 2014 world cup may be a step too far , but there are a number of initiatives under way to boost the sport .
gregor thomson , 26 , was arrested on tuesday and has appeared at falkirk sheriff court charged with attempted murder .
the berlin philharmonic , founded in 1882 , has had three chief conductors over the past six decades :
his body was found on concrete steps in north street in the early hours of sunday morning .
beyonce now has 62 grammy nominations across her work as a solo artist and as part of destiny 's child , making her the fourth most - nominated artist ever .
a still - life of carnations , signed a hitler , fetched # 52,000 -lrb- 72,000 euros -rrb- at the nuremberg event .
organisers had earlier warned about safety in the water on its facebook page , imposing a speed restriction on boats travelling to the event .
in contrast to the widespread destruction elsewhere in the area , the images show how the city 's sugar factory remains relatively intact - testimony to its utility to is .
it 's been played around 700,000 times and will soon be available to a wider audience via the steam website .
` ` any concerns raised internally about the school of management are being dealt with by the university registrar , '' a spokesman added .
` ` where are these people going to come from , especially if we do n't have an elementary school in this area ? ''
stuart beavon pulled one back for rock - bottom coventry with a 65th - minute header but despite some late pressure , the sky blues could not avoid a seventh defeat from nine in the league .
a short - handed empty net goal from matthew davies in the final minute sealed the win .
pedro is expected to wear a protective mask when he returns to training .
byddai bwrw ati a ' r morlyn arbrofol cynta ' un ym mae abertawe yn bolisi ` ` na fyddai neb yn ei ddifaru '' maes o law , meddai .
choity khatun , who is three , was born with caudal twinning , meaning that part of a twin had developed in her pelvis .
today belize , which considers itself part of both the caribbean and central america , is cultivating relations with latin america and the united states , although there is a lingering conflict with neighbouring guatemala , which has made claim to part of belize 's territory in the past .
` ` we know that and we have let ourselves down , '' brown said .
more recently , women 's football soared in popularity after the nation 's female team won the world cup in 2011 and olympic games silver in 2012 .
the hospital was placed in special measures after an investigation into high mortality rates at hospitals in the wake of the stafford hospital scandal .
he told followers on instagram that he had torn his eyelid .
if you 're reading this thinking it 's a no - brainer for craig , he agrees .
pawel sroka , 33 , of meadvale road , croydon , was charged on saturday with the murder of his 29-year - old partner , joanna trojniak , of the same address .
steve ryan , the chief medical officer at barts health nhs trust , said : ` ` we are very sorry for the failings identified by the cqc in some of our services at newham and the royal london hospitals .
` ` ireland is going to present a tough challenge this weekend and there will be no margin for error , '' said england 's lead coach scott bemand .
the 29-year - old was a free agent after leaving notts county in january , having made 11 appearances in all competitions this season .
the role of those being sent to south sudan will also include combat training as well as engineering work to strengthen vital infrastructure .
london ambulance service said it treated four people at oxford circus for smoke inhalation , two of whom were taken to hospital as a precaution .
it was the fourth time in a week a device - believed to be a world war two munition - had been found in the city .
a six - time world champion , he said he felt like he had been ` ` stabbed in the back '' after he crashed out of the marathon in rio , his last ever paralympic event .
more than one million people have watched the video on facebook with hundreds leaving comments .
pupils in wales already have as core subjects welsh , english , maths and sciences .
standing more than 3 m tall , the model was built by dr robert krickl from nearly 40,000 balls and 10 km of sticks .
the first public message from the afghan taliban 's new leader , mullah mansour , indicates that his way of doing things will be different from that of his reclusive predecessor , mullah omar , who relied on issuing written statements .
rangers managing director stewart robertson added : ` ` we are delighted mark has agreed to move to glasgow and become our new director of football .
celebrity big brother 's peak audience came around the 22:00 mark , when 2.5 million viewers were watching the show .
welsh cycling welcomed the announcement .
roads minister andrew jones said : ` ` britain continues to have some of the safest roads in the world but we can not be complacent on road safety and are determined to do more .
she added : ` ` visitors will now be able to stay in her georgian architectural gem and in so doing experience the beauty and peace that inspired one of our greatest modern writers , john fowles . ''
` ` i hope for him he has been training in the last three months to help his condition .
the bill aims to improve the way universities - which are fiercely protective of their independence from the state - are governed .
however , the danish company was widely attacked by commentators and accused of not wishing to annoy the chinese government , which ai regularly criticises .
all five of the teenagers - who can not be named - had earlier admitted violent disorder , with one of the 16-year - olds also admitting a separate charge of breaching a dispersal order .
` ` i ' ve never seen a drunk squirrel before .
if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk .
he was out of contract at cardiff this summer and moves on a free transfer .
pine trees now dominate the forests of the northern hemisphere .
the scottish fire and rescue service said it was alerted to reports of a fire within a property at just after 10:25 .
the tiny pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist matthew haley during an episode filmed at caversham park in berkshire .
the 29-year - old pedestrian was struck by a silver renault clio on the b2173 maidstone road , near the junction with hockenden lane , just after 22:00 gmt .
the bonus - point win sees warriors level on points with pro12 leaders ospreys .
` ` that 's the difference that a labour government makes .
it was his second super league spell , following a six - game stint with hull kr in 2011 .
` ` the only thing i criticised of quentin tarantino was a single scene in a single movie which , for me , was too violent and too ghastly .
mr machar , who first fled to the democratic republic of congo , is now being treated in johannesburg .
he said : ` ` one council for oxfordshire would be more efficient and simpler for residents , with one phone number , one website and one point of contact . ''
felix was on his way to school when he tripped in the road and was hit by a car as he was getting to his feet .
as part of the annual peace festival in the city , the cathedral was lit up in blue , white and red to mark friday 's attacks in paris .
the doctor who received the package on behalf of wiggins ' team sky , dr richard freeman , and head of uk anti - doping -lrb- ukad -rrb- nicole sapstead have also been invited to give evidence on 22 february .
in fact , when you look at the number of crashes and fatalities compared to the huge number of people flying today -lrb- 3.2 billion passengers last year -rrb- , we are in a golden era of aircraft safety .
the high court ruled the two men were racially abused and awarded damages .
thomas jackson , 30 , of congleton , cheshire , was injured as he tried to help mia ayliffe - chung , 20 , in the attack at a hostel last week .
a total of # 2.65 m was then given to david cardoza and his father , anthony .
` ` the holy father has authorised the congregation for the causes of saints to proclaim the decree concerning the miracle attributed to the intercession of blessed mother teresa , '' the vatican said on friday .
and the two nations ' deep ties of history and people - britain is home to one of the largest indian diaspora in the world - do still count for something .
last week 's eruptions caused the cancellation of flights to and within chile , and forced farmers in the area to evacuate their livestock .
western australia police said mr gerring 's injuries were too severe to overcome and he died on friday night .
the highway i drive on is named after the founder of the company .
` ` our government seems to be controlled by the eu and brussels .
the company said : ` ` it remains unclear at this point how many of those positive attributes will remain in place once the process of the uk 's exit from the european union has been completed , '' it said .
in march the then chancellor , george osborne , announced that # 60 m raised by an additional 3 % on stamp duty on second homes would be spent on ` ` community - led housing developments in coastal and rural communities '' .
butcher mark griffiths , 62 , said : ` ` for some families their whole christmas spread has been taken . ''
south yorkshire police and humberside police and are to cut the number of dogs and handlers to a combined total of 25 .
who are the nationalist finns party ?
` ` willie knows the job a prop has to do , '' coach laurent frayssinous said .
in his 2012 book my time , wiggins said he had ` ` never had an injection , apart from i ' ve had my vaccinations , and on occasion i ' ve been put on a drip , when i ' ve come down with diarrhoea or something or have been severely dehydrated '' .
the attention to detail is stunningly intricate and it was manchester city 's own training complex which offered key elements of the blueprint .
the official figures also showed more than a quarter of all children 's social workers in england had less than two years of service .
temporary closure notices were placed on the shellfish beds after high e.coli bacteria readings last week .
the met police has since said that the violence that erupted on friday night was ` ` separate '' from a peaceful protest that was held earlier in the day .
the lions face in - form super rugby side crusaders on saturday after narrowly beating provincial barbarians and losing 22 - 16 to blues .
syria , the us and the rest of the western alliance hangs on his next move .
` ` the poster should be removed and replaced with something more tasteful to attract the gym goers . ''
police had already placed more than 100 people under investigation for suspected match - fixing since 2011 .
built in 1814 , it is believed to be the only working windmill in england that retains a wooden shaft .
david nixon is standing as an independent a parliamentary candidate for newcastle - under - lyme .
but with eight minutes left one cross led to something greater when dynamo kiev 's veloso 's fantastic delivery found ronaldo , who threw himself at the ball to give portugal the lead .
but on friday , the intelligence community went further when us media reports said the cia had ` ` high confidence '' that russians were trying to influence the election in mr trump 's favour .
he now enjoys the title of prince , and holds the equivalent rank of a cardinal of the roman catholic church .
for many , the greatest team of all time .
` ` it 's heartbreaking to think when you are there corrie could be under foot , '' he said .
highland council has a plan to give every p6 to s6 students access to a tablet computer .
they will have to find their way through the maze and collect clues as they go .
the coroner 's inquest into the lindt cafe siege is entering its concluding stages .
weapons found at the scene of his death were linked to a us anti - gun - running scheme called fast and furious .
she said : ` ` at the moment we are hoping to have a special needs support worker for my son and if they cut funding he wo n't have that .
she is physically disabled and has depression , and said she chose to study at the college because it worked with ` ` disadvantaged , disabled and mature students '' .
ms churcher , who was director of the national gallery of australia -lrb- nga -rrb- from 1990 to 1997 , was the first and so far only female director of the nga .
discussing her tv tastes as a younger woman , the prime minister said she liked watching diana rigg and later joanna lumley in the avengers , but never viewed them as role models .
the 36-year - old man who was driving the lorry was uninjured .
it is almost 30 years since the then australian prime minister , bob hawke , said : ` ` no child will be living in poverty by 1990 . ''
aker employs about 15,000 people , of which more than 2,000 are in the uk , the majority of them in aberdeen and offshore .
any authority wanting to increase council tax by more than 2 % must put the plans to a vote .
` ` in future i will be better - definitely , '' said the former barcelona and bayern munich coach .
kamdjo , 25 , played in only five games for forest green last season , but made 33 appearances on loan at boreham wood .
the presentation of new colours will be the final formal recognition of the royal welsh .
colleges are having to try to achieve in two years what schools failed to deliver in a decade of formal education .
ginola said : ` ` we all know that the fifa system is n't working . ''
he said the party needed to consistently argue the case that it is ` ` good for wales to have a labour party that is pro - business , pro - every part of wales '' .
the announcement comes days before the new york state primary , which will be crucial to mr trump 's campaign for the republican presidential nomination .
the university 's digital technology and engineering department will move to the site if permission is granted .
the owner of the animal allegedly refused to provide her details to the parents of the child .
` ` obviously joe allen is a good player .
mark coshever , 39 , of eaton place , beaconsfield , buckinghamshire , admitted ` ` affray '' and entering the field of play at the southend roots hall ground earlier this month .
the court previously heard the victim was stabbed , shot with a crossbow and pushed , or fell , from three storeys up .
however , the hindustan times later quoted the father as saying he would want the name made public only if a law was named after her .
on the wider market , tullow oil tumbled 11 % .
built by europe 's airbus group and launched on 16 september , perúsat-1 can see features as small as 70 cm .
it has also been announced that a 15-year lease has been signed for the team 's beaumont park venue .
` ` congratulations to the uk for voting out of the european union !
the decision can be contested with the caf 's appeal board within three days of being notified .
detectives believe the victim , who has not been named , was covered in petrol before being set alight .
in an extended interview with bbc wales health correspondent owain clarke , dr goodall said hospitals might make the decision not to schedule surgery in the first place to focus on ` ` front door pressures '' during the peak winter months .
` ` i am truly sorry for what i have done to her and her family . ''
uk economic growth slowed to 0.4 % in the first quarter of the year from 0.6 % in late 2015 , propped up by the services sector .
brown accepted carrying out the attack but pleaded not guilty to a charge of attempted murder on the grounds of insanity .
prepare for the protests to continue , regardless of the price freezes that this year 's fifth bbc annual study has revealed .
white lions are very rare - their zoo keeper thinks there 's only around 90 of them in existence .
no cargo was on board .
` ` i need the soldiers , i need the gladiators , because millwall , with 10 players , showed they are fantastic gladiators . ''
` ` in the days following the eu referendum , the green party called for the british people to have a further say on the details of any brexit deal and we stand by that position , '' she said .
` ` from the age of 15 to 20 i took drugs every single day . ''
` ` while this certainly does n't mean an end to the increasing activity we ' ve been seeing recently , it does suggest that the pent up demand generated throughout the downturn is gradually exhausting itself . ''
last week , mazda said it would work with toyota to develop electric vehicle technology and build a $ 1.6 bn plant in the us .
west mercia police said ` ` further skeletal remains '' were found close to the skull .
in the wake of february 's broadcast , four australian states - nsw , victoria , queensland and tasmania - have launched inquiries into the greyhound racing industry .
` ` for a number of years we ' ve felt we ' ve underplayed the likely benefits of golf on peoples ' health , '' he said .
on friday , the cobblers ' administration petition brought by northampton borough council was adjourned to 11 december for a deal to be made between thomas and the council .
have you phoned the police control room service since the dumfries site was closed ?
david evans , secretary of national union of teachers cymru , said : ` ` we have to be mindful when reviewing these figures that this is a very small number of teachers across the whole profession over a period of a few years .
prices rose by 6.7 % in the south east of england , the ons figures show , although here - as in the east and in seven other regions - the pace of price rises has slowed .
he told the hearing in solihull that of the 78 reservists taking part that day , six had withdrawn by early afternoon - two for medical reasons .
van served in the north vietnamese army from 1965 to 1972 and was stationed on the border of cambodia on the ho chi minh trail , tasked with protecting the road from bombers .
stoneman soon brought up his first century of the season from 179 balls , but durham were further in trouble when the out - of - form phil mustard edged barker to william porterfield at third slip .
the university said developer balfour beatty confirmed the remaining 300 rooms will be ready during the 2015 - 16 academic year .
dover athletic 2 , guiseley 0 .
some believe mr besigye 's rapid rise led to him being viewed as a potential threat to the president , and as a result he was given less demanding work during the 1990s .
cbpt chairwoman jann tucker said : ` ` glen 's remarkable knowledge of the castle and the history of cardigan has played a huge part in making the site what it is today and we are pleased that he will continue to support us in the capacity of a volunteer - a role he first took up 30 years ago . ''
emergency services were called but the man was pronounced dead at the scene .
the six key moments of the cold war relived
the victim has worked with specialist officers from greater manchester police since the attack to create the e - fit images of the men .
the northern ireland fire and rescue service said they had resolved 13 bonfire incidents on tuesday night .
however , the grocer reported that both tesco and asda have raised prices on a number of unilever products , and morrisons has also increased the prices of other items made by the company .
caf 's new president , ahmad , chaired a meeting with his staff at the african football body 's headquarters in cairo later on sunday .
` ` teachers in northern ireland are as dedicated , hardworking and committed as their colleagues in scotland , england and wales , and yet the employers in northern ireland have failed to offer them for 2015 - 16 even the 1 % allowed under the treasury 's pay cap , which other teachers have received .
in a speech in july to the prisoner learning alliance , mr gove called for an end to the ` ` idleness and futility '' of prison life .
the pirate bay has confirmed the attack on its facebook page , saying that it did not know who was behind it , although it ` ` had its suspicions '' .
children use dahl 's words a lot in their own writing and also create words inspired by the way he built words .
these secondary populations could also be utilised in a way to reduce or halt the pressure on species ' native populations , say researchers .
she added : ` ` all these factors , as well as the as yet unknown impact of brexit on international recruitment - particularly in the care home sector in scotland are contributing to a ` perfect storm ' for our nursing workforce and , as today 's report says without sufficient nursing staff and exponentially rising demand , patient care is being put at risk . ''
patrick gibbs , for the defence , said : ` ` what mr kingshott did was straightforward and professional and , in almost every respect , standard procedure .
lendl met murray and his team in new york a few days before the start of the us open , in which the briton went on to reach the quarter - finals before losing to top seed novak djokovic .
in tribute , president sarkozy described him as an ` ` heroic figure '' whose ` ` escape , thanks to the courage of his wife lucie aubrac , has entered into the legend of resistance history '' .
` ` engineers and contractors have started work to secure the affected buildings and it is expected that a partial demolition may be required to ensure the site is made safe , '' the council said in a statement .
sulaiman said some boxing jurisdictions had taken ` ` steps backwards '' in allowing longer rounds in the women 's sport .
brazil , also hoping to win gold for the first time , pulled a goal back through hulk in injury - time , before oscar headed wide when well positioned .
the international weightlifting federation -lrb- iwf -rrb- last year ruled any nations with three or more positive tests would be banned for a year .
manchester by the sea is released in the uk on 13 january .
the one - day cup holders lost their opening game by one wicket to somerset on sunday when the home side 's last pair jamie overton and tim groenewald put on an unlikely 65 to win with three balls to spare .
coldplay , meanwhile , are one of the star acts of the paralympic games closing ceremony on sunday night .
crewe have started the new season with draws at home to mansfield and newport and a defeat by bolton in the efl cup .
the 16-year - old accused - who can not be named for legal reasons - appeared in private at aberdeen sheriff court .
but make no mistake - google glass is dead , at least in its present form .
it is the third time uk industry has been in recession in eight years .
a high court judge in belfast had ruled that the psni should not have facilitated illegal parades , and was wrong to think it did not have legal powers to stop them .
it 's not the first shooting incident chris brown has experienced .
understanding this population crash has been difficult , but the old government documents have helped to reveal when and how the numbers fell .
judy more , a nutritionist and paediatric dietician , said some parents were overfeeding their babies and young children out of fear of them being underfed .
marouane fellaini -lrb- manchester united -rrb- right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal .
it concluded that 37 % -lrb- 585 -rrb- of such families would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job , while 23 % -lrb- 364 -rrb- said they would be unable to pay their housing costs at all .
hector has also had spells with five non - league sides , as well as spells in republic of ireland and scotland .
rooney has scored a record 53 goals in 115 appearances for his country .
who will qualify from the t20 blast south group ?
in a statement , heritage aircraft trust , which runs the team , said : ` ` kevin was a royal air force - trained fast jet pilot whose enthusiasm for flying the folland gnat was infectious .
` ` having promised to never send anyone to the house of lords , that is exactly what jeremy corbyn has done in return for a clean bill of health . ''
the church of england 's general synod will hold a debate in february and the general assembly of the church of scotland will consider the report in may .
as well as very hard and durable plastics , the researchers adapted their procedure to a different monomer and produced flexible , self - healing gels .
they also accused police of hitting a temple priest in the subsequent unrest .
` ` for universities in the uk , the conditions for recruiting international students are tougher than ever before . ''
a judge dismissed the claims of the girl , referred to as ` ` gk '' , that paul frew linked her name to anti - social behaviour via a social media post .
two of her cousins were also prevented from flying .
the uk government said it had not ` ` closed the door '' on carbon capture technology .
mr innes added : ` ` even with these increases in average wealth , working - age households are at risk of being less wealthy at each age than those born a decade earlier . ''
marchant , 22 , who ended jess varnish 's two - year reign as sprint champion earlier in the day , was pushed hard by becky james but won the opening two races in the best of three to earn the individual sprint title .
pc browning was attempting to stop the stolen vehicle , driven by haywood in shinfield road , when he was injured .
now in his mid-30s , oscar pérez has been a member of the forensic police force , known as the cicpc , for 15 years .
squads for north v south series , march 2017
mr haden is asking for people to show ` ` financial and emotional support '' to the apartment 's current tenant artie nash .
` ` the , as yet unidentified , man sustained serious head trauma and whilst the circumstances of his death are unknown at this time the injuries indicate the death is suspicious so detectives will continue to work alongside forensic experts to establish the man 's identity and circumstances and cause of his death .
so it 's really important we stand guard against any rise in hate crimes or abuse by those who might use last week 's referendum as cover to seek to divide us . ''
both civilians and military personnel were killed by the blasts , officials said .
a note reading ` ` die a painful death , muslims , '' was in the envelope with the powder , the group 's lawyer said .
` ` we sought an order for him to wear sufficient clothing in public to at least cover his genitalia and buttocks .
the rebuild has been delayed for years as a result of legal wrangling .
another user in the dark web - a hidden part of the internet where guns , drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police , a spokesperson said .
labour has held the seat since it was created in 1983 and the party 's representation of southern cardiff in parliament has been unbroken since mr callaghan was first elected as an mp in 1945 .
as in much of the west indies , cricket here is a much - loved national sport .
officials say order has been restored at the airport and there is no disruption to flights .
kelman acknowledged that in the elite league playing back - to - back games is not uncommon , and the devils even had to play a game the night before their challenge cup final in 2015 .
on friday , the foreign office said some embassy staff in libya had been withdrawn in response to ` ` ongoing political uncertainty '' .
nottinghamshire police were present when the man fell from a building in the radford area of nottingham on friday evening .
the acceptance of the deal by unions will clear a big hurdle for the service which was due to begin last september .
the origins of black history month go back to 1926 in america , and there are now more than 6,000 events across the uk .
radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
the island side are currently eighth in the championship , but are just seven points behind fourth - placed ealing and point further back from doncaster in third .
a year after his release he came to the uk and in october raped and robbed a woman in a leicester park .
allardyce added that he plans to discuss transfer targets with owner ellis short in the next few days .
he is accused of indecently assaulting two youths while he was at york methodist church and two while he was a minister in pocklington , east yorkshire .
more than 45,000 people were left without power when storm barney hit ireland less than two weeks ago .
hassan 's brother , hammaad munshi , was arrested in 2006 at the age of 16 after police found a guide to making napalm on his computer .
if , and when an agreement is reached , it will take several more months before the force arrives in south sudan .
the government has pledged Â # 247 m to improve mental health services in a&e .
engines from greater manchester fire and rescue service attended , with back - up from west yorkshire .
that sum has now been more than doubled because it continued to use the tech .
it said it could have been forced to cancel operations and cut services if the scottish government had not given it the funds .
he said it was ` ` dispiriting if pretty unsurprising '' to see david cameron 's government turn their back on the coalition 's ` ` liberal stance '' .
he clocked a time of one hour exactly in winning 2014 's great north run , becoming the first british man to win the north east 's famous half marathon for 29 years .
galloway admitted assault by inciting her pet to attack ms findlay .
cafodd yr esgob joanna penberthy ei chysegru yn esgob tyddewi yng nghadeirlan llandaf am 11:00 .
that appears a long shot in the time available , and any switch back to slovenia is likely to go down very badly with those at the lawn tennis association who have spent so much time and resources on his case .
` ` but i think we ' ve got the nucleus of a good squad and one that can compete at the top end of the league . ''
reality check verdict : the eu has been influential in the development of equality legislation but leaving would not necessarily mean those rights would be lost .
dame pippa harris , chair of bafta 's film committee , said : ` ` i am thrilled that bafta is honouring curzon with the outstanding british contribution to cinema award .
meanwhile , austria forward marko arnautovic is due to have a medical in the next 48 hours after west ham agreed a deal with stoke city .
parliamentary convention dictates that the official third largest party at westminster gets to chair a number of select committees .
brazilian television showed ms rousseff walking out of the presidential residence surrounded by former ministers and congressmen from her workers ' party .
they escaped in a small silver car .
the move would mean the conservative group would become the second - largest , with 12 seats to plaid cymru 's 11 .
mr james said : ` ` he told me the male -lrb- cpl dunsby -rrb- had been on a four - day exercise and was half - an - hour from the finish .
but a proposed new independent historical investigations unit , which would have taken on the police service of northern ireland 's -lrb- psni -rrb- responsibility for outstanding troubles murder investigations , has not yet been approved .
mr mallya , who is a household name in india , sold a large chunk of united spirits , which he inherited from his father , to diageo in april 2014 .
he replaces richard pyrah as diamonds boss , with the latter to assist new yorkshire head coach andrew gale .
many bollywood films were promoted on matchboxes in the 1950s .
` ` it 's great that prince has put pen to paper , '' head coach robbie neilson told the official hearts website .
hm revenue & customs wants to target businesses that have failed to register for tax , and individuals who fail to declare the money they make online .
` ` they were killed in a brutal , inhumane way , '' he added .
max schrems wants the court to order the irish data protection commissioner to audit facebook to see what material it passes on to the us authorities .
` ` this person , who was gathering information and was directly guided by america , was sentenced to 10 years in prison , but the sentence can be appealed , '' mr ejeie said on sunday .
viewers from around the world have been watching the pair 's progress on the loch of the lowes live webcam .
but in the second half eastleigh 's extra man began to tell as they pushed forward and , with 10 minutes left , mcallister fired home from close range after getting on to the end of a flick - on .
it has been alleged that some details from the paper were shared in advance on a private social media group .
jamie leek of clifton , nottingham died in zante in june 2012 when he was hit by motorcyclist spiridon koklas .
prince charles wrote : ` ` i , for one , can not understand how the ` badger lobby ' seem to mind not at all about the slaughter of thousands of expensive cattle , and yet object to a managed cull of an over - population of badgers - to me , this is intellectually dishonest . ''
` ` we would particularly like to hear from two people who saw the man in the early hours of wednesday morning .
this is said to involve the display of a banner that contained a ` ` threatening and offensive remark '' .
` ` the luftwaffe launched bombings across britain as they were trying to disrupt food supply and were targeting ports and centres of distribution . ''
judge john bevan , who said there was a ` ` serious risk '' she would attack someone again , ordered edwards be returned to a secure hospital .
the news app is categorised as part of the firm 's marketing department .
henry i , son of william the conqueror , founded reading abbey in 1121 .
bullying was a factor in ` ` many cases '' , the report said , warning that adult male prisons were becoming ` ` more violence every year '' .
he was arrested two hours after breaking through the roof , plymouth magistrates heard .
27 january 2015 last updated at 07:56 gmt
the actor - who went on to play sulu in the six star trek films made between 1979 and 1991 - announced he was gay in 2005 .
` ` when theresa may became prime minister she said that she no longer had a place for me in the cabinet and , to be honest , if i 'd been in her shoes i would have sacked me too , '' said mr gove .
the barnstaple - bound carriageway is expected to remain closed for several hours and diversions have been put in place .
the space agency has set out a three part plan , which it hopes will eventually lead to humans living on mars by the 2030s .
jones progressed to the senior team before being called up by the stormers , for whom he has made 21 appearances .
the ombudsman 's office has been given Â # 12 m to complete more than 150 historical cases over the next six years .
the british ambassador in quito , ecuador 's capital , is to make the formal protest to the ecuadorean government on thursday .
kyle abbott finally ended their stand , bowling westley with the last ball of the day as essex closed on 243 - 2 .
mr tohti , 44 , is being tried at the intermediate people 's court in urumqi , the capital of xinjiang .
hoy , who will compete in the team sprint and keirin at london 2012 , is the first cyclist to have the honour of carrying the british flag at an opening ceremony .
the storm will hit northern ireland with strong winds on thursday afternoon , and move towards the west coast of scotland and northern england on friday .
it is one of the earliest tropical systems to form in the atlantic hurricane basin since records began .
whatmough said : ` ` in the past few years i ' ve seen a lot of hard times as the club struggled and slid downwards through the leagues .
source : federation of small businesses
police said the boys were arrested at separate addresses and were in custody .
you ' ve got to realise , kell brook is a current welterweight champion - he had no business taking that onslaught on the ropes .
mr clark , a retired norfolk police officer , said he has sent his findings to the home office after obtaining the original pathology report last month .
` ` it looks like from the age of 40 onwards you can use this to give guidance on how well an individual is ageing . ''
winners were declared on friday and received a trophy , a certificate and prize of 2,100 rupees -lrb- $ 316 ; Â # 199 -rrb- .
` ` i reassure sandra white that we will look in all ways that we possibly can do to assist in safeguarding the future of what i recognise as a significant cultural venue in the city of glasgow and a venue that contributes a great deal to the cultural life of scotland . ''
and the former manager believes saturday 's game could go to extra time like last year 's semi - final with dundee united , when goalkeeper conrad logan was the star in a penalty shoot - out .
we already have building blocks in place in scotland to achieve this , including evidence - based planning tools and enhanced training . ''
reports in france suggest toulon coach diego dominguez 's job is under threat , and lancaster , 46 , is viewed as a potential successor .
this was the lionhearts first appearance in the wsb final .
are you planning to cash in your pension ?
what 's the southern rail strike about ?
a little more than 200,000 people arrived in germany to seek asylum in the first nine months of this year - a significant reduction from 2015 , the country 's interior minister thomas de maiziere said .
the ministry of justice consultation suggests offenders who cause death by careless driving while under the influence of drink or drugs could soon be handed a life sentence - an increase on the current 14-year upper limit .
the square of megaliths appears to have been erected around the remains of a neolithic house , which sat at the centre of the colossal stone circle - the largest in europe .
` ` basically what happened was that some rubbish in the garden which had been burnt earlier in the day and left unattended re - ignited and set fire to a fence and then compromised the oil tank allowing its contents to become involved in the fire and from then the fire grew in intensity , '' he added .
other locations can bid next year to host the ceramic poppies in 2017 and 2018 , before they are permanently homed at the imperial war museums in london and manchester .
until last week , the us drug enforcement administration -lrb- dea -rrb- listed mr philippe as a wanted man on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine and money laundering
the head of the eurogroup of finance ministers , jeroen dijsselbloem , said limited access to the single market would be the ` ` price '' of the uk leaving the eu .
the technology has been used at london zoo to broadcast footage of meerkats and has also been considered as a way of providing broadband at sea .
she said the target of 1,090 new homes a year had been ` ` plucked from nowhere '' .
` ` i ' ve been here for eleven years , '' says musukan , a sixth former at the pak - turk school in islamabad .
` ` it was my first time away from home .
the aim is to cut through the jargon and present election news in a different way .
the local authority said : ` ` regrettably it seems unlikely that the campus will be ready to open in october , as envisaged .
average petrol prices rose by 4.4 p to 116.7 p per litre and average diesel prices rose 5.2 p to 118.7 p per litre .
in konta 's match against sorana cirstea , nastase was sent off after swearing at the umpire and abusing konta and her captain anne keothavong .
castell henllys iron age village , near crymych , needs people to support the prehistoric site , which is owned and run by the pembrokeshire coast national park authority .
` ` for years i felt i was in the wrong body and it was n't until i was 69 that i plucked up the courage to ask for help . ''
but it is not clear how the software and hardware baidu has developed compares with that of its rivals .
never in my wildest dreams did i think i would have a statue put up in my honour .
it would n't work , '' says dr karim - cooper .
` ` the government has been consistently clear that abortion on the grounds of gender alone is already illegal .
significantly , rising aspirations and relative prosperity may be actually responsible for putting a large cohort of women out of work in india .
the lynx uk trust said 91 % of 9,000 respondents to a survey it carried out were in favour of lynx being brought back to help control deer numbers .
rowling faced a flood of criticism on twitter last year after it emerged she had donated Â # 1 m to the campaign for a no vote in the scottish independence referendum .
check out the video above to see mount etna 's latest eruption in all its glory .
` ` our members have been unconvinced of the economic case for relaxing sunday trading rules and there has been no impact assessment to support the proposals , '' said the group 's policy director , mike cherry .
at least 33 people have now been killed during weeks of protests over the high inflation and basic good shortages .
and so it was in the beautiful simi hills in california last night at the ronald reagan presidential library that the republican candidates took it in turn to try to give donald trump a bloody nose , a cracked rib , a thick lip and black eye .
in the past six months , royal mail 's uk parcel delivery division saw revenues fall by 1 % .
the top item on her bucket list was the hope that everyone in the uk would sign up as a bone marrow donor , an aspiration which prime minister david cameron praised in the house of commons .
the activists insist they were valid , and said the authorities used out - of - date databases to check them .
they are reluctant to recognise that state officials have engaged in enforced disappearances in mexico . ''
last month he became the first player to speak publicly about being sexually abused as a boy at crewe in the 1980s .
people in 120 homes in wisbech had been told to boil their water ` ` until further notice '' after supplies were contaminated .
travel industry consultant , ian mackinnon thinks this could prove an obstacle : ` ` i think this will probably lead to a change whereby hotels will ask you for a deposit at the point of booking . ''
the property was found to have padlocks and chains on the outside .
the force said in a statement : ` ` police can confirm that the man found this morning on the a66 had wounds to his groin area .
mr jacques said : ` ` british pre - history may have to be rewritten .
ms maréchal - le pen , 27 , who is an mp for the national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , had been seen by some as a future leader of the party .
` ` it was like we were living in an inferno .
the actress is hoping to challenge peoples views about women and the inequalities they suffer .
salazar , 18 , has lost once in six professional contests .
councillor david yeowell , executive member for education , said : ` ` the proposal will see a new integrated post-16 centre built on land next to morrison 's supermarket in cwmbran .
` ` we are delighted that andrew has chosen to extend his stay at the club , '' said county manager jim mcintyre .
the spire stands higher than the angel of north and will be surrounded by a ` ` wall of names '' recording the 55,573 men who lost their lives serving in bomber command .
the former royal anglian regiment member who fired the rubber bullet is known to the court as soldier b .
police said specialist searches were focused on land alongside tir prince leisure park and extensive searches were ongoing in kinmel bay and towyn .
lewis coaches is the third bus company in wales to collapse in the past two months , with 300 jobs lost when wrexham - based gha coaches went into administration in july and pembrokeshire firm silcox coaches , ceasing trading after 134 years in june .
the lords select committee said that if minimum pricing was shown to cut down on excessive drinking , it needed to be adopted nationwide .
they reject the suggestion that the use of unqualified teachers is increasing .
the study said this meant they were better at learning from their experiences - which would equip them well for leaving home and gaining independence as adults .
it follows the arrest of a 24-year - old man and 20-year - old woman , both from birmingham , on 4 april , who are on bail , west midlands police said .
the document states ` ` if all the proposals ... are consented they will result in the largest wind farm in england '' .
the school 's 453 pupils are currently being taught at four locations in the selsey area .
tevez , who is contracted to city until 2014 , has been a key player for the club since arriving from neighbours manchester united in 2009 .
a spokesman for the scottish conservatives said : ` ` earlier this year ben macpherson asked douglas to kindly speak to clubs in his constituency about refereeing - presumably this invitation has now been rescinded . ''
the results , presented at the annual meeting of the endocrine society , showed 67 % more fat was lost on a low - fat diet than a low - carb one .
` ` more fundamentally , we were interested in how natural environments could be brought to urban populations and to people who might not be able to access nature very well . ''
a key fob can also be used to set a speed limit between 40 and 75 mph .
when he posted the picture , he wrote on facebook that he expected to go to prison or be sentenced to death for the killing .
` ` david bowie died peacefully today surrounded by his family after a courageous 18-month battle with cancer , '' it said .
rabbatts will also step down from her position as chair of the fa 's inclusion advisory board , a role she has held since its formation in 2014 .
and the response from the police has predictably been a healthy dose of tear gas , in an attempt to break up the demonstrations .
cornwall live sent two reporters and a photographer to cover the prime minister 's visit to helston .
mr richards is currently the deputy chief executive for south australia health , a government department responsible for public health in adelaide .
the under-20 world cup is the biggest global tournament in youth football and has been an important launch - pad for a lot of big names in football .
lithuania 's fa has also been charged by european football 's governing body over breaches of ticketing rules and for having blocked stairways .
members of the technicians ' union bectu and the national union of journalists -lrb- nuj -rrb- voted in favour of industrial action in protest at a 2 % pay award .
critics of the government 's changes say one third of disabled people live in poverty and an estimated 42 % fewer people would be eligible for mobility allowance as a result .
genge made his senior debut for bristol in the 2013 - 14 british and irish cup , and scored six tries in 26 appearances .
set in singapore during the year 2065 , call of duty : black ops iii begins with a mission where players must investigate the ` ` mysterious disappearance '' of a cia station .
a police spokesman said : ` ` we received a report of a male 's body lying within the river nith near to kingholm quay , dumfries about 9.30 am this morning .
the 2 - 2 does n't put us out of the world cup mathematically , but it does leave us in a very difficult situation .
arsenal will host leicester city on friday 11 august , with a 19:45 bst kick - off , as the premier league starts its 25th anniversary season .
with the department also held to be in breach of a duty to the firm , compensation will be assessed at a later date .
there are a number of possible explanations for the problems in northern scotland .
vice chair of the college branch of ucu crispin barker said the union had been in communication with management and knew about the financial pressure the college was under .
a total of 129 people died in the attacks by islamist militants .
senate majority leader mitch mcconnell also said mr trump 's reported deep cuts to the state department would ` ` probably not '' pass congress .
the latest detentions come two weeks after three british teenagers were stopped from travelling into syria from turkey .
stephan miles - brown , head of residential development at knight frank , said : ` ` this is the first time battersea power station has ever been offered for sale on the open market .
find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .
however , she added : ` ` i do n't agree with adam 's position on cutting the top rate of tax and i ' m sure that many delegates in plaid cymru would n't agree with that either , but it 's an interesting debate . ''
` ` if your front row and front five are making 70-plus tackles in a game you 're going to be doing well and that 's what happened against chinnor . ''
the man equired skin grafts to repair the damage to his right leg .
but not all reviews were positive .
a passive mechanism is engaged in the one - legged position , allowing flamingos to stand proud while having a doze .
after the election the education secretary , michael gove , announced plans to allow all schools in england to convert to academy status .
shadow business secretary clive lewis has said he will vote against the bill unless labour 's amendments are accepted , describing them as ` ` red lines '' .
betts ' side currently lie in fifth place in the table and face league leaders warrington again on friday .
two - time paralympic champion peacock , 24 , missed out on the 2015 world championships through injury and will look to recapture the 100 m title he claimed in 2013 .
a further 40 new jobs have been filled in the past nine months at the company .
` ` it has always been a dream of mine to be a professional rugby player , so i ' m really happy to have signed a contract with glasgow , '' he told glasgow 's website .
the centre - back has also appeared for england at under-21 level and joins a club which has won just one of their opening five league one games .
whichever way the result goes , my 1,000 th game will be at stoke and i had great times there .
post - mortem examinations revealed the body belonged to a white man under the age of 50 , but no dna matches have been found on the national database .
the united nations is not alone in calling for the quota to be suspended .
` ` the only one i could come up with is baldrick , who says , ` our cunning plan is to have no plan . '' '
the club , which is owned by its fans via the exeter city supporters trust , declared a total profit of # 1.642 m for 2014 - 15 , mainly due to the sale of midfielder matt grimes to swansea city .
the court heard that thomson , who says he has a terminal illness , was banned from driving for life when he appeared at fort william sheriff court in 1997 .
det ch insp sarah derbyshire of dorset police said : ` ` we received intelligence to suggest that the weapon would be in this area and by searching the river today we hope to recover it . ''
a prison service spokeswoman said : ` ` hmp belmarsh prisoner richard walsh was found unresponsive in his cell on sunday 19 july .
he was out of contract , having joined the o 's from portsmouth on an 18-month deal in january 2016 .
in february , shadow chancellor john mcdonnell promised that labour would also introduce a cap on energy charges .
the bank rate has been at the record low of 0.5 % since march 2009 .
all customer - facing bank staff will be told to look out for specific signs that a client may be the victim of ongoing fraud .
the plan would affect 3.2 million eu citizens now living in the uk .
moseley road baths in birmingham and wentworth woodhouse near rotherham , yorkshire , are listed on the 2016 world monuments watch .
london irish have also yet to record a win , but have better points difference .
anyone with any information about the incident or who recognises those shown in the images has been urged to contact the police .
a review into the murder of rhys jones , who was killed by a man released five days earlier , questioned whether his killer 's risk to the public should have been reassessed .
on the ftse 250 builder bellway was also caught in the general decline of construction shares , with a 1 % fall .
the children , aged five and six , were taken to birmingham children 's hospital , the man went to queen elizabeth hospital .
mr haugh , 25 , was stabbed in a laneway in the marian estate in the early hours of sunday .
` ` there should be no baseball season this year , '' alfredo pedrique , a former major league baseball player , said during a radio interview .
bbc points west 's political editor paul barltrop reports .
kuba moczyk , 22 , died in hospital after he was knocked out in an unlicensed fight at the tower complex , great yarmouth , norfolk , on 19 november .
her mother chrissy said the death was ` ` something you never get over '' .
the m20 remained partially closed until sunday after the bridge collapsed on saturday lunchtime after being hit by a lorry carrying a digger .
the second round of the wrc starts in sweden on 9 february .
paul clarke , director of investments at crown estates , said : ` ` two things we want to address are parking and congestion issues around the park and we believe it has become rather tired over the last few years .
services were restored shortly before 17:00 .
a second rally is due to be held on sunday .
the dingwall side visit hamilton academical on saturday , having won two of their three scottish premiership matches so far .
` ` he was a good , loyal , trustworthy man to his family , community and his job as a pcso with gwent police . ''
a spokesman for glasgow city council said : ` ` community safety glasgow currently deploy two daily security patrols , staggered day and night , to the necropolis and random mobile cctv patrols are also conducted in the area to deter and detect antisocial behaviour .
it said : ` ` our flights are operating as normal , carrying monarch passengers as scheduled .
m&s shares sank 8 % after the retailer warned of a hit to short - term profits as it attempts to revive its clothing business .
he directed that any material retained by hmrc must be returned to the club .
` ` we have a cup final to look forward to and i ' ve told the squad that they are playing for starting places in the team for that . ''
dunlop , 27 , lapped the course at 132.36 mph on his bmw superbike and was only four seconds outside john mcguinness ' absolute lap record .
meanwhile , midfielder karl henry , 34 , will leave the club after not being offered a new contract .
` ` yes they are professional and very well paid but the nature of rugby being such a physical game , i think we are meddling with players ' health . ''
lord and miller have also signed on to direct the han solo star wars movie , which is set for release in may 2018 .
the 26-year - old man is expected to appear at paisley sherriff court at a later date .
unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer , with strike action possible in the autumn .
` ` from a golf standpoint we have no issues with donald trump .
` ` i have loved every minute of the last 10 years representing great britain , '' said swift in a statement .
arsenal ladies have not disclosed the length of nobbs ' new deal .
robbie , who turned 80 in may this year , prepares for take the floor at bbc scotland 's beechgrove terrace base .
` ` we 're fired up again for next year , '' griffiths said .
thousands of homes were flooded and destroyed in louisiana and along the gulf coast .
kaka is the second player to be added to the squad because of injury , with benfica 's jonas replacing santos striker ricardo oliveira .
twenty one pilots occupy the same spot in the album chart , thanks to the us duo 's fourth album blurryface jumping six places to five .
meanwhile officers have raided ` ` a number of locations '' linked to the operation , including a flat at park wood mills in longwood , huddersfield .
worldwide , the number of female chief pilots - individuals who oversee all of an airline 's pilots - is even fewer .
but later , police fired tear gas , water cannon and smoke grenades as they tried to disperse protesters .
she used # 11,072 of nhs cash to pay her husband stephen , 46 , for work on an equality and diversity publication called transform , which never existed .
a 25-year - old man was detained following a cctv appeal and will appear at edinburgh sheriff court on friday .
his picture is given pride of place on the paper 's front page along with his granny , margaret .
mr james said in 2012 he was not motivated by money and vowed any damages he won would ` ` be paid over to the authority '' .
katrin kisswani , medical co - ordinator for msf arrived in kathmandu two days after the quake hit .
some 65,000 will be given a cash refund , another 67,000 will have their current loan balance reduced and 15,000 will receive a combination of the two .
the four - time olympic gold medallist , 35 , is set to compete in the team pursuit on the track at rio and could continue racing into 2017 .
the mercury prize recognises innovative albums produced in the uk and ireland .
the premier league club say the 22-year - old left - back is expected to be sidelined for ` ` up to eight weeks '' after the knock in a 6 - 1 loss to bournemouth .
the price for lng from woodside 's pluto facility increased by 36 % , and this rise was reflected in its customer contracts during the six months to june .
prime minister yingluck shinawatra - who is mr thaksin 's sister - has promised to respect the senate 's decision .
supporters of the newport ship raised concerns about its future in august when it emerged there was no plan in place for an alternative home after the lease on its current building expires in october .
` ` at the end of the day , it 's about ticking that box and getting the first one under my belt since rio , '' said burnell .
he is set to focus on marathons after his final track appearance at the 5,000 m diamond league final in zurich on 24 august .
edmund , 21 , makes his debut in the us open main draw and will take on former semi - finalist gasquet for the first time .
last week , a separate survey suggested that manufacturing activity , a subset of industrial production , grew at a slower pace in april .
most analysts had expected the fed to hold rates on wednesday , although the us central bank indicated rates could rise before the end of the year .
across blackpool children were coming to school hungry and struggling to concentrate .
report said other services were being rescheduled to ensure they travelled through maoist areas of eastern india in daylight .
the bbc is not aware of anyone else who has appeared in court charged with a breach of a tpim .
the scottish labour party is also in the process of choosing a new leader with msps kezia dugdale and ken macintosh fighting for votes north of the border .
customers will be able to buy packages of gas and electricity in quantities from one day to a month , and up to 180 days ahead .
the co - op said most of its quotations do now provide separate details of no claims bonus charges .
the coach is under contract with ireland until december but cricket ireland are not expected to stand in his way if he decides to accept the west indies offer .
in one case that did spark national outrage , five afghan men convicted of gang raping four women were hanged in october .
in a tweet on monday night , mr robinson said he had ` ` received a valid nomination '' from mrs foster for the post of dup leader .
the ippg has led the council since 1996 but lost 20 councillors in the 4 may elections .
guide to the uk 's planned in - out eu referendum
the housing project has been going through the planning process for more than 10 years .
gnanduillet previously had loan spells at tranmere and oxford .
steve elworthy , the ecb 's director of events , said the tournament will help ` ` drive interest and participation in women 's cricket at every level '' .
fans may have a long wait before she repeats the show in the uk , however , with her las vegas residency already booking into 2017 .
and the orr has once again cast doubt on the data that network rail uses to make important decisions on which bits of the network to mend or renew , and when .
helal uddin and mohammed anwar hossain were freed on tuesday evening , officials in dhaka said .
together they earned van gaal a win that moved his side up to fourth in the table - something he seemed surprised about when he was told .
saracens will begin the defence of their premiership title at home to sale sharks on saturday , 17 october .
she becomes the oldest female gold medallist in the championships ' history , and having won commonwealth 5,000 m bronze 10 days ago seals a wonderful summer at an age when most athletes are long retired .
` ` and if we have been too soft on extremists as she claims , then does n't she need to take some responsibility for that ? ''
` ` the environment should n't suffer because of the mistakes of mobile phone firms . ''
when he was recovering from his accident , billy said he really wanted to race again , despite his injuries ,
the new york film critics circle , founded in 1935 , counts members representing magazines , newspapers and online publications .
the answer is ` ` save our steel '' .
website wrexham.com said they were installed to mark the tour of britain cycle race being held in the area soon .
workers could make the saving if they switch from a car commute to cycling or walking , according to sustrans .
match ends , cambridge united 0 , manchester united 0 .
it looked into the lens at abergynolwyn station , in gwynedd , on the talyllyn railway - the world 's oldest passenger - carrying narrow - gauge line .
erhun oztumer -lrb- walsall -rrb- right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal .
the ons will publish the quarterly national accounts on 27 june .
a total of 2,216 new species have been discovered in the region in the past 17 years : that 's about three every week .
the college will also house a university museum , allowing some of the 20,000 items normally in storage to be shown .
northumbria police found the phones at a house in whitley bay hours later after using a gps locator app to find it .
any online hate crimes reported to police in the capital , including abuse posted on twitter and facebook , will be looked into by the unit .
she has been charged with communicating false information and unauthorised computer access .
the reviews have been largely positive , with the telegraph saying the role of miss hannigan takes miranda ` ` outside her plummy - pleasant comfort - zone '' .
a post on the psni newry & mourne facebook page said that police were ` ` carrying out duties '' when attacked .
three men from oxford , aged 36 , 34 and 37 , have been released on police bail until 8 july , police said .
mr woodward said the cctv could also cause privacy concerns for mr clooney 's neighbours .
claude littner and karren brady have returned to assist lord sugar on the new series of the apprentice , which begins on 6 october on bbc one .
millar won stages in road cycling 's three most prestigious stage races - the tour de france , vuelta a espana and giro d'italia - and also won 2010 commonwealth gold for scotland in the road race time trial .
she said changes were being made to make it the responsibility of those commissioning care to ensure quality is a priority .
the event , which is part of an art exhibition at the centre , started on 18 february .
the officers who went into the water were also checked over as a precaution and have all been released .
ireland 's paul dunne is sharing 10th place , a stroke off the pace , after adding a 70 to his opening 67 .
` ` i ' m being seen as an amedy coulibaly when i ' m no different from charlie , '' he said .
the matter was discussed by an irish fa disciplinary committee on wednesday .
the sixth seed is through to his fifth australian open and 15th grand slam semi - final .
the new language services mean the bbc world service will be available in 40 languages , including english .
` ` the hope is that a similar procedure could eventually be used in human heart attack patients who suffer severe heart damage . ''
a 22-year - old man previously arrested on suspicion of carrying out the attacks was released without charge .
` ` it is entirely fitting that those officers and staff who give their lives in the line of duty should be remembered with a lasting tribute , '' she said .
roman repec , 35 , appeared at peterhead sheriff court charged with wilful fireraising .
the adcocks are the reigning european and commonwealth champions .
derek mcinnes ' dons , looking to end a 27-year wait to win the competition for an eighth time , were left as runners - up to brendan rodgers ' side in the premiership , the league cup and now the scottish cup .
they have one game before then - a trip to bologna on the final day of serie a next sunday .
portugal rested captain cristiano ronaldo for the game in serbia , having already secured top spot in group i and qualification with a game to spare .
across the rest of the city , events have been held to celebrate diwali including arts and crafts at newarke houses museum and gardens and several shows at curve theatre .
itv will offer an ad - free version of its streaming service and access to its free channels - such itv 2 and itv be - for a monthly fee of # 3.99 .
the flag , one of only three surviving from the battle , is expected to fetch up to Â # 50,000 at auction .
` ` perhaps you could protect them from the kebab and the morning after . ''
a police spokesman said a preliminary examination indicated it may have been in the ground for ` ` up to 70 years '' .
a wiltshire police spokesman said mr reape was not being treated as a suspect in miss o'callaghan 's disappearance .
england 's tom sykes , who needed to win and for team - mate rea to finish outside the top 14 , finished fourth .
second are presentations to the commons , where an mp might formally introduce the title of their bill .
labour mp for chorley mr hoyle has written to foreign secretary boris johnson asking his department to investigate .
having reduced england to 52 - 3 on monday , south africa hurried through the rest of the order thanks to some splendid bowling on a wearing surface .
the girl has been afraid to return to the lawndale neighbourhood where she lives .
sir tom told the press association he is ` ` really chuffed '' mr obama is coming to scotland .
celtic manager ronny deila replaced the scorer with leigh griffiths and sent on charlie mulgrew for johansen - but the match was over as a meaningful contest and celtic were able to follow up thursday 's europa league win over astra by moving up to fourth in the scottish premiership , overtaking kilmarnock in the process .
and what about the feel - good factor which has been so evident since the start of the olympics at the end of july ?
he said sinn féin remained fully committed to the political process in northern ireland .
the 23-year - old northampton player scored three tries in wales ' 61 - 20 win over italy in the six nations in march .
but it took five minutes for the nerve stimulator to arrive , it failed to work and there was a similar delay for another one , he said .
` ` the relevance of the dark net was to procure ricin and that idea was implanted in his brain having watched the series breaking bad . ''
warwickshire captain varun chopra :
south africa slipped from 140 - 1 to 168 - 5 but du preez led the charge .
yes , the pinnacle of your career and you have that haircut , shown on the front page of newspapers round the world .
adam lanza 's elder brother , 24-year - old ryan , who was initially named in the media as the suspected gunman , has been helping police with their investigation .
fire and ambulance crews lifted him off the fence at about 02:30 bst and he was taken to university hospital coventry and warwickshire .
last year nhs bosses capped the number of patients that could be given a new drug for hepatitis c , to keep the annual cost at # 200 m .
police said that early on monday morning the man drove the bulldozer to the suburban house , crushing three cars parked in front of it and another parked at the side of the property .
the idea of f1 boss bernie ecclestone , the double points rule was criticised for being unfair and artificial .
she announced the arrival of albert louie kenny on instagram , with a photo of her alongside husband jason - a six - time olympic gold medallist .
the idea for a new bridge to ease congestion in reading town centre has been circulating for about 40 years .
will you be affected by a change to the hoover pensions scheme ?
` ` it really is one of the most extraordinary flowering plants we have ever seen , and great to think that something that grows naturally so far away can be enjoyed by visitors to the garden here in edinburgh . ''
speaking to south african broadcaster enca , aimee pistorius said there was ` ` obviously a lot of anxiety '' ahead of the sentencing , and that the last 20 months had been ` ` very taxing '' .
the northern ireland delegation includes the rev harold good , sinn fein 's paul maskey , the dup 's jeffrey donaldson and the sdlp 's mark durkan .
more than 100 redundancies were made at the college during the last year - almost a quarter of the workforce .
south wales police said 39-year - old angharad bullock was reported missing on 28 april , along with the toddler .
all approaches to elephant and castle worse than ever .
her husband is now hoping to buy a new one as well .
` ` we ' ve missed important players in the past and we ' ve always said it 's not a one - man team , '' gunter said .
frankie dettori managed to navigate shutter speed into a good position but she could not reply as senga found top gear in the home straight .
menter mon and wave hub were confirmed by the crown estate as managers for the west anglesey tidal and south pembrokeshire wave demonstration zones respectively .
nine of those workers are taking action against the northern ireland executive claiming their jobs should also have been transferred to the council .
at the start of his breakfast show on monday , evans said : ` ` he was radio 's eric morecambe , ronnie barker , he was our captain mainwaring , our basil fawlty but he made us laugh every day for two hours and for over 30 years .
jay beecher , a spokesman for ms duffy , said : ` ` watching our chef running away into the night , his apron flapping in the wind , was a surreal moment .
everton boss roberto martinez , who takes his side to leicester on saturday at 17:30 bst , thinks a shock winner of the premier league is likely to be a one - off .
aslef said its members voted by almost nine to one to accept the deal , clearing another hurdle in plans for a night tube .
the dragons were beaten 10 - 0 by ospreys at rodney parade on new year 's day on a dreadful pitch and davies says he is aware of the state of the playing surface .
however , in his appeal mr shafiq challenged the measure 's constitutionality and the commission has now referred the law to egypt 's supreme constitutional court .
moving at speeds of roughly 160 mph , the crew travelled to weston - super - mare , somerset , in seven minutes to answer a call of a man stuck in mud recently .
pakistan 's military spokesman says the line has just been used for the first time as the two countries work to improve co - ordination along the border .
a 38-year - old man , who was a back seat car passenger , is in a critical but stable condition in hospital following the b9080 crash at about 22:15 on wednesday .
during the first sexual assault , he hugged her when she became upset and touched her indecently .
labour confirmed she had stepped down as parliamentary private secretary - an unpaid backbench assistant - to shadow chancellor john mcdonnell .
derbyshire were the surprise package of this season 's t20 blast , finishing second in the north group having reached the quarter - finals only once before .
` ` while i ' m unemployed i will only get $ 36 more per month with the basic income .
the first - the largest number of scots in the team for an ` away ' olympics - has already been met .
from the beginning this is what the young people have been shouting and we are with them , '' mr izzat told the al - jazeera news channel .
the duke , who undertakes a large number of official royal engagements and has close associations with many charities , suffered a ` ` mild stroke '' in 2013 .
` ` he said he wants to be a manager in the future .
the images are all the more striking when you consider that mr jenkinson , 42 , from y ffor , near pwllheli in gwynedd , is blind .
the man , believed to be 19 , was later confirmed dead in hospital .
in scotland , the snp said it would form a minority government after winning its third election in a row .
many lizards can detach their tails when attacked , but fish - scale geckos have large scales that tear away with ease .
depp , 52 , and heard met while co - starring in the 2011 film the rum diary .
we will work with the uk government to ensure north wales has full potential to exploit the maximum economic advantage from any northern powerhouse proposals . ''
the private survey also marked the seventh consecutive month of contraction in the sector .
an initial plan was to build a stadium at walton hall park , a short distance north - east of goodison , but it was strongly opposed by local protestors .
further , archibald said the standard of coaching in scotland was ` ` very good '' .
` ` we are not treating the disappearance as suspicious at this stage but it has not happened before and we are naturally very concerned for robert and especially for his children . ''
ednane mahmood , from blackburn , is also alleged to have provided internet links to others with speeches and propaganda that encouraged acts of terrorism .
it hit a car and also struck a roadside wall a number of times before travelling across a grassy area and finally coming to rest against a metal barrier overhanging the jed water .
his comments follow a u - turn by former archbishop of canterbury lord carey , who also said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill .
three - times winners arsenal will now face notts county ladies in the final at rotherham on 1 november .
he said several of 16 people injured in the collision had been taken to local hospitals .
while mr trump 's plan does not include details , the us is known to want to cap its contributions to a maximum of 25 % .
` ` since entering big brother , he has made a number of comments capable of causing great offence to housemates and the viewing public , '' it said .
in the bbc 's world war two drama series colditz , he played luftwaffe officer major mohn and the title role of the aristocrat jewel thief aj raffles .
patrick bamford -lrb- middlesbrough -rrb- wins a free kick on the right wing .
police initially said that business rivalry was a more likely motive for the attack on the movida bar restaurant outside kuala lumpur on 28 june .
tfl surface transport manager leon daniels said : ` ` we are extremely sorry to learn of the tragic death of a female cyclist , following a collision with an hgv on the bow road roundabout on friday evening .
the upholding of the law cements president obama 's biggest legislative victory .
he is one of a core of 100 volunteers from several campaign groups such as the campaign for nuclear disarmament -lrb- cnd -rrb- , who have set up the campsite in anticipation of their supporters needing somewhere to pitch tents while staying in newport to protest their cause in front of world leaders and media .
o'sullivan , who will seek a sixth world championship title in april , said winning the masters despite struggling with injury would boost his self - belief .
scientists hope the drop in hpv cases will lead to a significant drop in future cervical cancer cases .
fe fydd canlyniadau 2016 yn cael eu cyhoeddi ar wefan fy ysgol leol .
after an absolutely amazing experience in melbourne , i head home soon to meet up with wales ahead of the cyprus cup .
kabul has witnessed a series of suicide attacks and explosions in the past few months .
griezmann has returned to madrid , meaning he will miss france 's friendly against ivory coast on tuesday , and will start treatment on monday .
in a statement released on social media , woods said : ` ` i ' m currently receiving professional help to manage my medications and the ways that i deal with back pain and a sleep disorder .
ms roberston said they were contacted by julie innes veterinary surgery on friday , after a nurse became doubtful it was a puppy .
councillor howard murray said the suspension was ` ` a neutral act taken in the interests of both the council and chief executive '' .
josh navidi went over as blues staged a late challenge , but the hosts held on to earn a last - four clash with edinburgh .
the firm said it ` ` respected his right to protest '' but the drive - thru was ` ` for roadworthy motor vehicles only '' .
` ` we are committed to seeing this woman extradited to australia to face these very serious child sex abuse charges , '' australia 's ambassador to israel , dave sharma , told the australian broadcasting corp .
lord rooker , a labour peer , said too much emphasis had been attached to the look of the countryside rather than practical considerations like trapping water .
he explained : ` ` we have interviewed a number of people , including those who were with shaun on the night he was last seen .
a family syndicate from monmouthshire won more than # 61 m in the euromillions jackpot in august .
` ` a case can be filed against men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds , '' mr singh said in kochi on saturday .
turkey denies allowing is smuggling and the us recently rejected russian claims that turkish government officials were in league with the militants .
the us economy grew at an annual rate of 0.2 % in the first three months of the year , far lower than forecasts .
india 's decision to scrap high denomination notes is simply the reverse and according to economist prabhat patnaik the government 's move ` ` betrays a lack of understanding of capitalism '' .
the attack on the pathankot base near the pakistani border is seen as an attempt to derail recent peace moves by pakistan and india .
mccolgan said muir had what it took to win world medals .
a 41-year - old man was arrested in waterford on friday morning .
the trust which runs park view , one of the schools caught up in the claims , issued a statement on thursday dismissing allegations of extremism as false .
the conservatives won a subsequent by - election , held in september 2013 .
coastguard and police helicopters and the rnli 's kessock lifeboat were involved in making searches of inverness harbour and beauly firth .
the dispute relates to the running of common grazings , including at mangersta and upper coll on lewis .
the popular party gained most votes in the 20 december election but mr rajoy was unable to secure enough backing to form a government .
they are certain to raise the question of whether our telomeres are similar predictors of how long we will live .
police said a 95-year - old woman , who was one of two female passengers in the audi , later died from her injuries at a hospital in edinburgh .
and now , thousands of customers have reported their new devices came with a screen problem .
the catch is highly prized by the island 's tourist hotels and provides an important source of protein for coastal communities .
north wales police and crime commissioner winston roddick said the force , which was told it could do more to tackle child sex abuse , had set up a victim help centre and had employed experts to support people affected by child sexual exploitation .
anglo 's share price has fallen by more than two - thirds over the past year .
yousef mohammed , 65 , of mill gate , newark , appeared at nottingham magistrates ' court charged with her murder .
the nato - russia council was established in 2002 .
last summer he performed with blink 182 in their headline set at reading and leeds festivals .
elder sister jennifer , 26 , won gold in the 50 m rifle prone event on monday .
the afghans beat ireland in wednesday 's opening one - day game and there are three further contests , beginning with sunday 's game at the same venue .
but when the irish pm enda kenny arrives in london , david cameron will want to know whether he can count on ireland 's support on the key changes he is seeking to britain 's relationship with the eu .
vale of white horse district council , which shares the building , said 72 staff would work from its abingdon office .
` ` claudio ranieri was the man that brought the dream to life by winning the premier league title .
the charges were filed by then - new york attorney general eliot spitzer in 2005 , but mr greenberg and mr smith have fought them , saying they have no merit .
dr daniel ungar , from the university of york 's biology department , said it was apt to think of the cancer cell resembling a tent structure .
in the past some russian orthodox worshippers have claimed to see myrrh seeping from holy icons - but not from any busts of the old ruling family , the romanovs .
mr cameron was responding to a question about the the proposed satellite grammar school in sevenoaks .
mr neil said : ` ` the # 30 m falkirk local government pension scheme fund investment will , i believe , act as a trailblazer and encourage other scottish local authority pension fund trustees to take the plunge and invest in housing .
following the inquest mr and mrs rhodes said they were planning to take legal action against the university hospitals bristol nhs foundation trust , which runs the hospital where their son died .
researchers at roslin then implanted the embryo into the womb of a sheep which grew into dolly - an exact genetic copy of the sheep from which the skin cell was taken .
sir bruce hosted strictly for a decade until he stepped down last year .
welsh labour , which will launch its manifesto on thursday morning in llandudno , said it would guarantee a minimum overall level for the welsh government budget - although there is no figure placed on this ` ` floor '' .
an investigation was launched that revealed a cover - up of losses .
in a written submission to the inquiry , steve allen , the managing director of lgc forensics , commented : ` ` the closure of the fss will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the uk so long as its wind - down is properly implemented and is used by the government as an opportunity to support a properly regulated market of a sufficient size to enable competition between dedicated market participants . ''
he was presented with his medal in glangwili hospital , carmarthen , on monday .
it has all the ingredients for a viral video formula : an addictive beat , silly lyrics and a hilariously simple dance routine to back it up .
the service sector accounts for more than three - quarters of the uk economy .
` ` there 's no doubt this is alastair cook 's team .
carl doran , the show 's executive editor , said : ` ` we are delighted that tickets for sports personality of the year 2015 in belfast have sold out so quickly .
five of the starting 11 in the confederations cup semi - final would have been eligible for saturday 's european under-21 championship final against spain - including goretzka and werner , who are now joint top scorers in the tournament with three apiece .
` ` becky has had a few setbacks over the last week or so , '' he said .
the hannover forward , who will also miss austria 's game in serbia on sunday , has been replaced by sturm graz striker deni alar
combined a&e visits to the two hospitals -lrb- 2013 - 14 -rrb-
having achieved high enough grades to qualify for his university offers , he now faces a choice as to whether to start a degree in october or not .
` ` what we 're seeing is a move in the right direction .
the conservatives said the 30-hour offer from 2017 , announced a week ago , would result in more than 600,000 extra 15-hour free childcare places every year .
the other motorist stopped and found duff ` ` lying in the road , under the influence , with his trousers down , falling in and out of consciousness '' .
he reached the semi - finals of the french open and wimbledon , and won his first titles on clay .
` ` ellis jenkins has been there and has got a bit of experience .
it concluded that introducing a scheme ` ` with a single percentage of affordable housing across northern ireland will not work given current market conditions '' .
the availability of temporary staff saw its fastest drop in seven months , leading recruitment consultants to report difficulties in hiring suitable people .
however he is yet to make a senior appearance for birmingham city .
but the department for culture , media and sport said : ` ` west ham united has a concession at the stadium and their contributions reflect that status .
their head - to - head meeting was the second in a four - day international tour to four cities to promote the bout taking place at the t - mobile arena in las vegas .
wagner 's assistant christophe buehler has also signed a new contract .
for example , she will experience 16 sunrises and sunsets every day on the international space station and be tested to see how this affects her body clock .
the 71-year - old provided the voice for addled school principal seymour skinner as well as rapacious millionaire montgomery burns and ned flanders , homer simpson 's chipper neighbour .
he was 17 in canada at the time , the year was 1966 , and as his dad 's business was uninsured , the family lost everything .
her parents said they wanted to see rugby players at all levels receive proper treatment for head injuries , including brain scans .
the former arkansas governor , who had a well - paying job as a television and radio host , opted to sit out the campaign , despite some polls showing him leading the republican field .
a sports direct spokeswoman said : ` ` much of the comment around the group 's use of zero hours has been unfounded and inaccurate .
a man in his 20s remains in a critical condition in hospital following the incident .
in an even first leg of few chances , walsh 's quality hit from range with 16 minutes remaining gave the english league champions the edge .
` ` it was a game that in the context of the end of a season and a long year , to get the win , to grind it out , i am happy .
asked what he thought of his fellow leave campaigner michael gove 's decision to run instead , mr johnson added : ` ` i wish him every possible success . ''
all 43 forces in england and wales responded in the latest study .
originally , the gang met an albanian crime group to get hold of drugs , but when this relationship ended , they turned to a supplier in spain .
police fired shots and tear gas in the capital , brazzaville , on tuesday in a clamp down on protests against the president 's bid for a third term .
but the ten week period before it could be introduced saw a now infamous spike in applications - when dup ministers were away from their desks for all but a few hours a week .
depay , who played under united manager louis van gaal during his time as netherlands boss , had attracted interest from a number of clubs across europe , with paris st - germain and liverpool reportedly keen to sign him .
the 20-year - old rejected a new contract offer from preston , who will be owed compensation for the move .
of savings already in isas , 80 % is held in cash , and 20 % is in stocks and shares , according to the hm revenue and customs .
saints offered the midfielder new terms , with swanson adding : ` ` the decision to leave st johnstone has been a difficult one for me .
by wiping out the bank debt , aberdeen have a little more financial freedom and can direct more resources to investing in the football side of the business .
foul by danny hylton -lrb- luton town -rrb- .
some 15,000 minority shia turkmen in amerli have been surrounded by islamic state militants for two months .
since the attacks , hundreds of messages of support for the people of brussels have been chalked across the place de la bourse , a central square in the city .
in south wales , it went up from 298 to 332 and in dyfed - powys ' area the numbers increased from 45 to 53 .
she has already held talks with the dup this week about a deal to support her minority conservative government .
swann , who played at the 2011 world cup , says he belonged to a ` ` dinosaur '' age of one - day cricket in england and says the team were ` ` backward in their thinking '' and ` ` arrogant '' .
shire was the biggest faller on the 100-share index , dropping 3.2 % .
` ` zaha was born in ivory coast , he will be joining the african champions ... there is the same exposure for ivory coast as for the england team . ''
all three feet have been found within a few hundred yards of each other .
the council has now said it would be ` ` lunacy '' to move it , but was looking for ways to make the road safer .
iwan jones found there was a daily routine to the caravanning life and would wander the site looking for good pictures as well as arranging to meet the campers later to take their portrait .
` ` ill - discipline came back to haunt us - it was one bridge too far .
mr mackay told bbc radio scotland 's good morning scotland programme : ` ` as it stands right now , we believe that if we remedy and repair the fault , strengthen that , the bridge should be operational and open to all traffic on completion of the repair as per the timetable that i had outlined over the weekend . ''
in december , mps approved plans to make firefighters in england work until they are 60 and to increase their pension contributions .
the church in wales announced the move ahead of the consecration of the first woman bishop , canon joanna penberthy , as bishop of st davids on 21 january .
he hopes the array will re - open in september or october .
saudi arabia has the highest per - capita youtube use of any country in the world .
no group has said it carried out the attack , but the somali islamist group al - shabab often carries out such bombings in the capital .
last month , the scottish government gave assurances that plans to develop the centre remained on track .
dr zafar adds that mr modi 's foreign policy achievements get lost in the noise about his ` ` politically incorrect statements '' .
richard apperley said he owed it to his brother to press the thai authorities to investigate , adding he suspected foul play .
ballinamallard are 11 points clear of rangers , who sit in the relegation play - off place , so they will retain their premiership status with a win .
the met office said up to 15 cm -lrb- 6ins -rrb- of rain could fall in north wales .
city square could be closed off to through traffic by 2021 , as could neville street that runs past bridgewater place into the city centre .
director yeon sang - ho 's adrenaline - filled train to busan premiered at this year 's cannes film festival .
it is the oldest church with this number of bells in the uk .
` ` that 's why they are all in the top 13 teams in the world . ''
it was the second us combat death since the us first struck the group in 2014 .
the award has been created by the varkey foundation , the charitable arm of the gems education group , as a high - profile way of demonstrating the importance of teaching .
turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years , '' mr musk tweeted .
police said the woman was being questioned at antrim psni station .
he said sister nirmala ` ` carried forward mother teresa 's legacy of compassion , gentleness , service to the poorest of the poor and holiness of life '' .
a spokesman for the co - op said the contractors were made aware of their mistake and would amend the spelling ` ` as quickly as possible '' .
` ` that 's why labour is convinced it 's both morally and economically right to give the carer 's allowance a boost of # 10 a week .
haye , 36 , threw a punch at bellew at a november media gathering and had warned they would need a barrier between them .
last december it was one of eight taken from sites including pucklechurch , frenchay , fishponds and easton .
force india are currently fourth in the constructors ' standings .
dozens of private pictures of hunger games actress lawrence were released on the internet in september .
mr rouhani 's five - day visit to italy and france is the first by an iranian president in nearly two decades , as the iranian president seeks to rebuild economic ties and secure new trade deals .
what is the international criminal court ?
a huge search was launched and the boy was found at a military base on friday .
` ` i called the head of apple , tim cook , and he delightfully agreed to have siri change the pronunciation of my name , finally , '' she said on weekend edition .
` ` this calculation shows that over half a tonne of toxic material would have been inhaled by the population over the past 10 years if scotland had not taken this bold step . ''
about 100 western volunteers are believed to be fighting is alongside kurdish forces in northern syria and neighbouring iraq .
bones ` ` consistent with being human '' were found by scenes of crime officers , forensic scientists and detectives during the 13-day operation .
researchers from the university 's school of medicine said the tests can be used to predict the outcomes of patients with two different types of blood cancer - the bone marrow cancer myeloma and pre - leukaemia myelodysplastic syndromes -lrb- mds -rrb- .
marber 's play is a loose adaptation of moliere 's 17th century tragi - comedy don juan that transports the legendary womaniser to contemporary london .
after deducting the savings that would be made by the uk no longer having to make contributions to the eu budget , the researchers say there would be a fall in uk income of 1.3 % - which equates to # 850 a year per household .
as part of this effort last year ontario became the first canadian province to allow road testing of driverless cars .
` ` i have to work with ikea - make furniture for interior design , for architecture , '' he told bbc radio 1 .
another motorcyclist who was injured after the crash has also been released from hospital .
surrey will resume on monday with openers rory burns and arun harinath looking to give them a foothold in the match .
the child was taken to the university hospital of wales in cardiff .
pilates spent about three and a half years interned at the camp , which was designed to hold about 23,000 people .
zte corp obtained and illegally shipped us - made equipment to iran in violation of us sanctions , the justice department said .
in another good friday ceremony , pope francis listened as the vatican 's official preacher raniero cantalamessa denounced the ` ` disturbing indifference of world institutions in the face of all this killing of christians '' .
it followed reports a player appeared to get a knife out after being spat at by a clapton fan .
they work unpaid in offices opposite the looming victorian hulk of their old employer .
it indicated reading for pleasure was more important to a child 's development than how educated their parents were .
the us department of labour reported that us employers added 211,000 jobs in april , and the unemployment rate dropped slightly to 4.4 % from 4.5 % in march .
this track record makes it noteworthy that on friday morning mr trump backed away from his recent claims that he saw a video of iranians unloading crates currency from a us plane .
it is fighting for an independent islamic province in the philippines .
thousands of people left comments on his post , with some advising him to change his name .
labour leader mr miliband said during a special bbc question time programme on thursday evening that a labour government is ` ` not going to happen '' if the price of power was doing a deal with the snp .
two separate reports have suggested it could be an ideal site for a new small module reactor -lrb- smr -rrb- .
the poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children .
ms inglis had been in vietnam for four months teaching english to underprivileged children when the accident happened .
police said miss pionko , who had been living in leeds , was a sex worker .
nepalese authorities also imposed a 10-year mountaineering ban last year on the couple after concluding that their claim was fake .
the key document is the contract for difference , or cfd , which gives a guaranteed price for the electricity hinkley will generate for 35 years .
and the derby goals certainly helped .
katie ghose , chief executive of the electoral reform society , said : ` ` these figures show that there is a serious democratic deficit in local elections in england .
the government said : ` ` the department of health and social care wishes to express its condolences to mr hall 's family and friends following the conclusion of the inquest into his death .
the trouble began in the orchestra stalls during tuesday 's performance of lord of the dance : dangerous games , directed and choreographed by irish dance superstar flatley .
` ` this was not npas , this was the south yorkshire police air support unit , but to most people a helicopter in the sky is just a police helicopter , '' he said .
in february , the commander of us troops in afghanistan said he needed more troops to break a ` ` stalemate '' .
prior to winning olympic silver , page 's highest career finish in an international event was fifth at the 2015 world championships in denmark .
john culshaw 's family will bury his organs in a private second ceremony on thursday .
he said the gang dragged him from his living room to the front garden where he was beaten with iron bars and nails .
north ferriby united 1 , bromley 2 .
forest green - who finished second in the national league in 2015 - 16 - gave a first senior deal to 18-year - old striker olly mehew last thursday .
the 19-year - old from dublin is a competitive runner - but her chronic epilepsy means she has around 16 seizures a day , often during races .
the 14 - 12 victory over glasgow means munster are now guaranteed to top pool one , sealing a quarter - final place in europe 's elite tournament for the 16th time in 22 seasons .
as the half time whistle blew the home fans ' boos rung out around the stadium .
he said it remained unclear why the hens had made the nests next to the boar , though it was likely they chose it because it was a secluded spot with straw , and perhaps for a sense of protection from the replica animal
the beijing morning post carries a picture of china superimposed against a sea , and the headline : ` ` south china sea islands : china 's territory '' .
but the emotional scars of the tragedy that took place will live on for a generation .
construction on the pipeline had stalled for months due to opposition from protesters .
` ` there 's some very good british managers in the premier league , '' said pulis .
twenty - four hours earlier , mrs miller 's special adviser joanna hindley called the reporter working on the story to ` ` flag up '' the culture secretary 's role in drawing up new press regulation rules , following lord justice leveson 's inquiry into media ethics .
the programme will now be phased in for some services from this summer with a national roll - out by the end of 2017 .
the researchers said that this position ` ` contradicts the evidence base that physical punishment carries a serious risk of escalation into injurious abuse '' .
sabah state deputy chief minister joseph pairin kitingan blamed it on the travellers showing ` ` disrespect to the sacred mountain '' .
the sykes - picot agreement conflicted directly with pledges of freedom given by the british to the arabs in exchange for their support against the collapsing ottomans .
` ` we searched for him for years and finally gave up hope believing he might have drowned in the sea .
her parents have set up the alice ruggles trust and they said they were hoping to use that and their daughter 's ` ` vibrant personality '' to make other people aware of the dangers of stalking .
albert newman drove for 30 miles in the wrong carriageways on the m42 , the a42 and the m1 before crashing into a van .
` ` the fundamental issue here is that cyngor gwynedd -lrb- council -rrb- has withdrawn its support for this project and as a result has intentionally destabilised the partnership , '' said the church in a statement .
the 33-year - old man is being questioned on suspicion of dangerous driving causing death .
the snowdonia giving project cash will be used to give 48 young people the chance to learn both conservation and mountain skills , which will go towards an accredited qualification .
the 33-year - old mother had a section of her ovary removed 11 years ago .
` ` on behalf of all the players we 'd love to see him get the job long term , '' said foxes midfielder danny drinkwater .
mrs cox 's friend tim dixon , one of those who launched the fund , said : ` ` the scale and speed of the public response to this fund has been overwhelming and deeply gratifying to jo 's family .
however , critics of the israeli prime minister have accused him of citing the holocaust too frequently in the context of iran .
a spokesman for the force said one of the two male officers had been discharged from the princess elizabeth hospital .
the law mr trump wishes to change , as outlined in his memo , is part of the us patriot act - he would stop anyone living illegally in the us from sending money overseas .
` ` after years of city - centre decay , business owners have had enough and are doing things for themselves .
support for the ruling democratic party of indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono - who can not serve a third term as president - fell by half .
the swiss was introduced incorrectly to an audience of regional political leaders and confederation delegates as ` ` fifa 's vice - president '' by a local media officer .
ms zschaepe , as a founding member of the nsu , is charged with complicity in the murders of eight ethnic turks , a greek immigrant and a german policewoman between 2000 and 2007 .
south africa has one of the highest murder rates in the world with more than 50,000 cases reported every year .
george moncur converted a penalty after he was fouled to make it 3 - 2 , but grigg 's injury - time goal earned a draw .
both sides occupy places in the top four , but even with internationals taulupe faletau , luke charteris and anthony watson back in the side , bath looked well short of competing with the expensively - recruited visitors .
taylor almost sealed three points for millwall late on but his defected effort hit the post , meaning the londoners drop to sixth in the table .
a prosecution barrister to the high court : ` ` it subsequently became clear that the electronic tag had been removed from the applicant 's ankle .
vonn was out of competitive racing for 322 days after she broke her leg in march 2016 , which ended her season , and then fractured her arm in training in november .
mr corbyn was cheered by labour mps as he got to his feet at his first pmqs , before launching into a lengthy pre - amble in which he thanked supporters for his labour leadership victory , vowed to make pmqs less ` ` theatrical '' and explained his decision to crowd source his questions .
during his career , he took 642 wickets at an average of 15.42 for yorkshire , and 31 in nine tests for england .
mr brown insisted that the existing forth road bridge could handle an extra six months of heavy traffic .
there should be a rule in scottish football to do it .
dr ragnhild ljosland , a lecturer at centre for nordic studies in orkney , confirms the hogmanay boys tradition has connections to norse culture .
teenagers from the richest areas are more than four times as likely to apply to the most selective universities than youngsters from the poorest areas .
asked if he had any intention of causing him harm , he said : ` ` none whatsoever . ''
sarstedt 's music reached new audiences when where do you go to -lrb- my lovely -rrb- was included in the wes anderson films hotel chevalier and the darjeeling limited , which were both released in 2007 .
president giorgio napolitano is urging the government to pass a new amnesty law aimed at reducing the severe overcrowding in italy 's prisons , and mr berlusconi 's supporters are hoping that the measure might stretch to cover commuted sentences such as that given to the former prime minister .
midlands air ambulance , the royal stoke university hospital and staffordshire fire and rescue will benefit from the charity event .
` ` it was certainly a bizarre day 's cricket and i do n't think i have played in one on day one like that before .
western cape deputy police commissioner sharon jephta said police officers and witnesses had been offered counselling to cope with the trauma .
correcting those anomalies and introducing measures to restore international confidence in the argentine economy are likely to be some of mauricio macri 's first big policy initiatives when he assumes the presidency on 10 december .
millie kieve , founder of the campaign group the adverse psychiatric reactions information link , has told the times newspaper that roaccutane is being overused .
but he said introducing ` ` strict controls , an annual cap and a five - year freeze on unskilled migrants '' would ` ` reduce net migration year - on - year , lessen the strain on our public services and help build a more cohesive society '' .
but figures published by the royal college of surgeons show a cleft palate is often missed at birth .
the ecb said it will consult with the foreign and commonwealth office over security in bangladesh , and would take ` ` appropriate steps '' if advised that ` ` the environment is not acceptably safe '' .
she added : ` ` it deserves to be binned - nobody would have known anything from this at all , there is nothing to take away from this other than a load of psycho babble and twaddle . ''
britain 's steve cummings , who won stage seven , was part of the breakaway but dropped back as two orica team - mates helped matthews earn an emotional win .
titled museum of the moon , it has been hung temporarily in the wills memorial building to welcome the university 's new chancellor sir paul nurse .
but this is not the end of the story - further mixes are being investigated to find even more effective solutions .
honduras has one of the highest murder rates in the world .
the soldiers were accompanied by the regimental band of the royal welsh , and paraded with colours flying , bayonets fixed and drums beating .
they hit him with a golf club in a stairwell , then stole the food he was delivering and tried to steal his cash .
per year extra spent on private ambulances since 2011/12
1mdb 's financial mismanagement and the allegations of misconduct by the prime minister has raised concern amongst the foreign investment community that malaysia 's economy is in for a rough ride .
issp , a ukrainian company investigating the incidents on behalf of ukrenergo , now appears to be suggesting a firmer link .
the town has had a tory mp before - defence secretary michael fallon in the 1980s - and the party has hopes of retaking the seat on 8 june .
friends , family and former team - mates attended the memorial and his coffin was draped with an ivory coast flag .
this meant that prestwick and campbeltown are both vying to attract investment to prove they are ` ` best - placed '' to become the uk 's first operational spaceport .
rule the world has been retired and there are doubts whether gold cup winner don cossack will race again . ''
they may also benefit from extra support announced in the budget for the nhs .
he was supported at the court by dozens of blackpool fans , who carried banners that criticised the oystons ' running of the club .
over the lifetime of the last parliament , the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- cut its budget by about 8 % .
martinez , 24 , is the first olympic boxing finalist from colombia .
` ` they can have those opinions but i do n't have any doubts personally about our patriotism or desire and that 's the important thing .
once these have been received , they will be forwarded to the national eisteddfod board , which is responsible for choosing the host site .
` ` we need to understand more about why some parents are unsure about breastfeeding and help to address those concerns in a positive way . ''
mr hands , who has been negotiating on behalf of the uk government during the talks , had previously said he would be ` ` very happy '' to appear before msps once a deal had been reached .
the bbc 's decision not to renew clarkson 's contract was greeted with approval by internet users in argentina .
the tip - off was judged by the us to be ` ` substantiated '' and ` ` credible '' .
canada has revoked his citizenship three times since 1995 .
separately , researchers at context is uncovered security issues with a motorola focus outdoor camera .
mr castro also said the government was ` ` working to orchestrate the modernisation '' of the country 's migration policies .
contrast that with the jubilation of the iraqi security forces who mobbed prime minister abadi as he arrived in the city to declare victory over is .
police and crime commissioner dafydd llywelyn said : ` ` the use of the cameras supports transparency in policing and will aid the investigation of complaints against officers . ''
he was asked about a # 949,000 pay - off package given to former deputy director general mr byford .
a head teacher at one of the trojan horse schools said parents tried to undermine her authority and descended on the school during an ofsted inspection .
the 6.2-magnitude quake hit in the early hours of wednesday , 100 km -lrb- 65 miles -rrb- north - east of rome in mountainous central italy .
` ` we were so looking forward to the birth of our first child together , a little girl , who we were going to name charmaine . ''
after the war he returned to acting and , by his late 20s , was a veteran of more than 30 films , few of them memorable , including a role as the love interest of a newly - emerging starlet called joan collins , in the 1951 film bikini babe .
` ` it is theresa may 's extreme version of brexit which will cause real damage to the nhs , '' he added .
she did not comment specifically on the alleged bugging of her phone .
` ` impersonating a police officer is not only inappropriate , it is illegal .
orla , who has now been given the all clear , paid tribute to the donors who helped her .
rigging supervisor steve innes , from sunderland , told the bbc he and fellow wood group contractors discovered they had been exposed to alpha radiation .
the typhoon is still travelling westwards across the philippines , and has weakened into a tropical storm , according to the philippine meteorological authorities .
` ` there were glaring democratic deficiencies in the run - up to the vote , with the public feeling totally ill - informed .
in a televised address on tuesday , president ivanov said he acted to ` ` defend national interests '' .
he added : ` ` you have been an outstanding leader of the lords .
firefighters , police and more than 45 mountain rescue volunteers had been out searching for mr skeen .
it was only after a member of the college staff came to convince her that it was safe to come out that she emerged .
mclaughlin , 36 , joined network ten to host match - day coverage of the big bash league in 2013 .
` ` in effect , we will enable the uk to use the safeguards mechanism to address the consequences of that decision . ''
sene - lefao took his personal tally to six for the season but eden is now just 14 tries behind last season 's super league record - breaking winger denny solomona with 14 games of the season left to play .
the 19-year - old sunderland ladies striker has scored 66 goals is 68 appearances in two - and - a - half seasons , including 13 in 17 in this season 's fa women 's super league 2 .
shares of goldin financial , which is 70 % - owned by hong kong billionaire pan sutong , have jumped by more than 400 % between september 2014 and march this year , according to reuters .
turing said it will cut the price by 50 % for hospitals and offer financial assistance to individuals .
supt john magill commended the off - duty officers .
london has more universities in this league table than all of japan , although only imperial college makes the top 10 .
palace , who completed the signings of england winger andros townsend from newcastle and france international goalkeeper steve mandanda from marseille on friday , were also reportedly interested in benteke 's belgium team - mate michy batshuayi .
the duke graduated as a search and rescue pilot in september 2010 , having started his training at valley the previous january .
mainland shares of crrc were up 10 % after a month - long trading halt , as investors piled into the chinese train maker that is now the world 's largest in terms of market value following its merger .
it goes into considerable detail about how unripe bananas should be presented by wholesalers , but nowhere does it say that you are not allowed to sell bunches with more than two or three bananas in them .
after surging almost 8 % on wednesday , the tokyo index closed down 2.5 % on thursday - among asia 's big losers .
she was a proud mum of three daughters and a devoted nanna .
birmingham 's sam eggington won the european welterweight title with an emphatic ninth - round win over spain 's ceferino rodriguez .
all three men were walsall fc fans .
gatland 's wales beat england at twickenham to help the hosts ' demise and he has been linked with a move .
finding dory took another # 1.51 m , bringing its total uk takings so far to # 35.8 m.
compatriot andy murray reached the third round with victory over mathias bourgue on wednesday .
it is more than losing a child for ayse .
and he insisted there was strong support in the health service for the seven - day plan .
7 february 2017 last updated at 07:41 gmt
mark durnan volleyed in a third to give the visitors a commanding half - time lead against the highland league side .
yorkshire say they were asked by england and wales cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- about their willingness to move one of the championship games at headingley and would be interested in doing so .
` ` now , i ' m pleased to announce we are a step closer to the commencement in trade in live slaughter and feeder cattle to china , '' he said .
he was evicted two weeks ago after the hospital obtained a court order and is now in a council flat in suffolk .
` serena williams won the australian open when she was pregnant , but ... '
more on statue fall and other devon stories
i realised the recognition was n't for me , it was for another ballymena man standing just to my left , the head groundsman at psg .
david cameron had been an mp for less than a year when ivan was born in 2002 , and became prime minister the year after ivan died .
at least 5,600 houses in the province 's zhangxian county are seriously damaged and 380 have collapsed , while some areas suffered from power cuts or mobile communications being disrupted , the earthquake administration added .
anyone who has concerns about their vehicle is being asked to contact their dealer .
mohamed elneny should be available for arsenal after making a quicker than expected recovery from an ankle injury .
the ministry of defence plans to move 20,000 troops from bases in germany to the uk between 2010 and 2020 , ending a 70-year association with germany .
eight year - old phoebe hanson wrote to bbc radio 4 's pm saying she worried how the ` ` bongs '' would be replaced while big ben is being repaired next year .
the purpose of the donation was simple , said the saudi source - it was to help mr najib and his coalition win the election , employing a strategic communications team with international experience , focusing on the province of sarawak , and funding social programmes through party campaigning .
another four of the nuclear - powered submarines are being built at the yard .
the inquiry was told harry clarke , 58 , had been unconscious at the wheel of a bus in 2010 and during the bin lorry crash in december last year .
the 27-year - old has agreed a three - year contract with sarries and will move to allianz park this summer .
brown ` ` forgot to enter '' the fourth european tour event in germany , the last one before the uk championship .
bears captain ian bell made 51 , but he was the second of three victims for mullaney , who crucially accounted for trott , no sooner than the former england batsman had reached three figures - for the fourth time in his last 10 one - day cup innings .
at the other end of the table , shrewsbury ended their run of seven games without a win to go four points clear of the relegation zone with a game in hand .
vonn leads the world cup super - g standings by 80 points over hutter , and is now within 38 points of lara gut in the overall standings .
the ferry is currently alongside in unst with the fire brigade pumping out water which was taken on board during the accident .
it followed a yellow ` be aware ' warning for wind across wales , which was in force until midnight on friday .
the 21-year - old member of parliament is named alongside miley cyrus , taylor swift and noel gallagher for the publication 's people of the year list .
the first minister is one of six uk representatives in forbes magazine 's annual list of the world 's most powerful and influential women .
crawley mp henry smith said police told him early this morning that a 40-year - old man had been arrested at a property thought to be in the langley green area of the town .
mckenna arranged to meet the girl at bluewater on 6 august as his ` ` girlfriend was away '' , sending her a photo of an unopened packet of condoms with the message ` ` i have them '' .
it was a perfectly clear , starlit sky .
this year the festival features over 200 sculptures including iconic asian buildings carved out of snow and ice .
wycombe wanderers 1 , exeter city 0 .
newport gwent dragons ' amos , 22 , signed his national dual contract in december 2014 and has won 10 caps for wales .
the league one side were ahead after just three minutes as the forward scored with a low left - foot shot .
mcdowell , who has slipped to 78th in the world rankings , goes into the open in improved form and having already played two practice rounds at troon last weekend .
` ` in england , just 6 % of the population is on a waiting list .
this led prof arai to investigate the reading and writing skills of high - school students , in conjunction with japan 's ministry of education .
check out this amazing time - lapse video of the storm .
` ` the australian transport safety bureau -lrb- atsb -rrb- has advised that the search in the vicinity of the acoustic detections can now be considered complete and in its professional judgement , the area can now be discounted as the final resting place of mh370 . ''
paulinho joined tottenham for # 17 m from corinthians in 2013 , before moving to china in 2015 .
a petition launched by women 's rights activist alena popova calling for comprehensive legislation against domestic violence has reached nearly 239,000 signatures .
under russia 's existing law , a neighbouring state would have to sign a treaty with russia to allow part of its territory to become a new ` ` subject '' of the russian federation .
he had previously won radio academy awards and royal television society awards and became the first northern ireland broadcaster to be inducted into the radio academy hall of fame .
smith said : ` ` there are advantages to working from a boat , as it opens up so many more vistas and viewpoints .
the acts will play across three stages at scotland 's newest music festival , with highlights being broadcast every evening on a bbc scotland programme presented by edith bowman .
the glasgow centre , which will be the first of its kind in the uk , will aim to address the problems caused by users who inject on the city 's streets .
the cut - throat food market means that the run - up to christmas - retailers ' most important time - is not a time for widespread price increases .
the former england midfielder , 37 , retired at the end of last season and has been coaching at old trafford .
the health and social care board has said new guidelines are in place and add that no children have gone missing since 2014 .
` ` michael lane had been harassing , stalking and pressurising her for over a year .
to reduce waits , queen street will be open on saturday for all people using valley lines services .
fire crews were called to a property on robertson road just before 07:30 .
the 11-year - old nailed it to secure a tie and become the youngest champion since 2002 .
` ` it wonderfully tackles the hugely important issues of mental health in a distinct , moving and humorous way . ''
the vote , which venezuela says will proceed as planned , is to choose the 545 members of a new constituent assembly that would rival the opposition - held national assembly .
the famous five series is among some of blyton 's most famous books , which also include noddy and the faraway tree .
he said the new virtual reality tour would allow visitors who were unable to descend the steep steps into the caves to experience them .
judge jeanette traverso cleared mr dewani after ruling the prosecution case that the care home boss from bristol had arranged the death of his wife anni was flawed .
while everyone waits to see exactly what will happen , leave voter paul austin has told the bbc why he made his choice and whether , a year on , he would vote the same way again .
but more than that , it 's also ensuring that the economy is on a solid enough footing to normalise interest rates .
` ` the six nations is a crown jewel in the sporting calendar , '' said bbc director of sport barbara slater .
at least 13 people died in a fire at a plastics factory dhaka last year .
survivors ' groups have previously criticised a lack of progress in the work of the scottish inquiry .
under questioning from journalists , mr nesbitt denied that he had any regrets or that he had made a mistake .
who were the victims ?
judge barney mcelholm asked what was to stop mr moore dropping his driving licences in to his solicitor office before going on holiday .
the independent jersey care inquiry is hearing evidence of abuse at the home in the 1960s and 1970s .
etch a sketch has been named by the american toy industry association as one of the most memorable toys of the 20th century .
staff , union representatives and politicians have described the planned run - down of the plant as ` ` devastating '' .
mr rwasa accused the government of compiling a hit list of people to be targeted in the run - up to parliamentary elections in may and presidential elections in june .
the company had been charged with managing subscriptions and fan records for duran duran , with 75 % of profits going to the musicians .
among the other dga winners were searching for sugar man director malik bendjelloul , who won the guild 's documentary award for his study of the obscure singer - songwriter sixto rodriquez .
mcghee steered motherwell to a third - place finish and european qualification for the first time in 13 years in his debut season .
michael young , 25 , formerly of rutherglen road , sunderland , has also been charged with murder , police said .
barr , 30 , had been at stark 's park for three seasons after leaving airdrieonians and played 17 times as rovers dropped to league one .
it is signed by managers for the uk 's biggest live acts including one direction , little mix , radiohead , mumford and sons , iron maiden , arctic monkeys and noel gallagher .
the isle of man steam packet company cancelled the 08:45 gmt douglas to heysham ferry and the 14:15 return .
the motorway has been closed in both directions , which has caused long traffic tailbacks .
` ` acting on information supplied by talktalk , the local police have arrested three individuals who have breached our policies and the terms of our contract with wipro .
however , his record on security was undermined by a series of high - profile attacks on government targets in baghdad before the march elections .
cologne resident miriam was attacked as she and a friend made her way home on new year 's eve .
in 1972 , the victory of american bobby fischer over russian defender boris spassky at the world chess championship in iceland was dubbed the ` ` match of the century '' .
the united states also condemned venezuela 's government .
a record number of 46.8 million people were registered to vote in the 8 june election , 500,000 higher than in 2015 and also more than the 46.4 million figure for the eu referendum .
meanwhile liberty global - the owner of virgin media - has said it would not rule out an acquisition of o2 if ck hutchison 's bid was ultimately unsuccessful .
one possibility under discussion is for gibraltar and scotland , which both voted to remain in the eu , to maintain the uk 's membership of the bloc .
a vote on the government 's programme is likely to take place on tuesday , when the leftist parties are set to use their parliamentary advantage to topple the minority administration .
in the villages of uttar pradesh , the power supply is intermittent and sarvesh said he mostly had to study under the light of a solar lantern .
burkina faso meet cameroon in libreville in their first group a game on the opening day of the nations cup finals on 14 january .
the only tv coverage of the race in britain was a short film shown on itv 's world of sport a week after the event .
they also raised concerns about possible health risks posed by waste from the former landfill site , and the loss of green space .
stable - mates lewis and harris are named after neighbouring islands in the western isles .
an agreement - signed in the past few days - will make the new way of giving contraceptive injections available to women in 69 of the world 's poorest countries .
` ` i have been a bit non - existent for the last couple of months . ''
herdwick sheep are native to the lake district and often graze at heights of about 3,000 ft -lrb- 915 m -rrb- .
like a sort of officially sanctioned graffiti , the initials of the housing department of rio de janeiro were sprayed on homes marked for demolition .
jayalalitha 's supporters say she was instrumental in making tamil nadu one of india 's most economically influential states .
after the sale , which still needs shareholder approval and could take several months , dairy crest will focus on its profitable cheese and spreads operations .
after the hearing , sussex police said the killing in august followed a row over the cleanliness of the house in osmonde close where they both lived .
police scotland warned drivers to expect delays as the weather affected a number of roads across the country .
announcing the arrival of the team in somalia , defence secretary michael fallon said : ` ` this deployment is another demonstration of the flexibility and global reach of our armed forces . ''
` ` the installation of the wood pellet boiler has meant that my wife is now able to carry out her work on a year - round basis and a horse solarium has been installed .
ibarguen , 32 , who went on a 34-meeting unbeaten run after finishing second in london in 2012 , won with her fourth round jump of 15.17 m .
mr grieve , the government 's senior law officer , also suggested the media must ` ` beware '' reporting anything said in parliament which flouted court orders .
the ftse 100 has fallen for nine sessions in a row , its longest losing streak since 2011 .
here 's what mr rodman bought the man he called his ` ` friend for life '' .
catch bbc wales sport 's ` ` wales : the road to the euros '' - our very special documentary on the history of welsh football - on bbc iplayer .
we were in the bar that night , and it just came on .
between them , the adcocks have now won 10 english titles .
speaking at a press conference in ouagadougou , the family lawyer , benewende stanislas sankara , said an investigating judge had formally asked french authorities to declassify military documents to see whether france had played a role in the assassination .
however , now competition authorities elsewhere are expected to give the deal the go - ahead .
irish times chief football writer emmet malone said the experience of northern ireland supporters has worried fans in the republic of ireland .
michael adebolajo and michael adebowale were jailed for life in february 2014 for hacking fusilier rigby to death .
he was handed a jail sentence of nine years and four months .
according to the los angeles times , the document claims the car lacked ` ` features that could have prevented the accident or , at a minimum , allowed paul walker to survive the crash '' .
the county 's sports director ashley giles said bell made a ` ` brave '' decision to focus on batting .
the teenager was targeted by the taliban after campaigning for girls ' rights to go to school .
the judge said the murder had been carried out by ` ` drug - addled , parasitic assailants '' .
a lancashire police spokesman said : ` ` we are aware of posts on social media concerning montgomery high school in bispham and are investigating the source and content of these messages .
participants launch themselves onto the slide at the top of the street and finish at shipquay gate in a huge ` ` splash zone . ''
-lrb- partick thistle -rrb- wins a free kick in the attacking half .
the main feature was a drop in bank shares .
the birds , which are native to southern europe , set up nests by burrowing tunnels in the banks of low gelt quarry , near brampton .
