rather than instructing shareholders to vote in favour of eisner 's deal , the pst and club presidents have told fans to make up their own minds .
khan is one of bollywood 's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 hindi - language films .
but three is the first network to abolish them altogether , albeit in selected countries , where it has sister networks .
i realised the recognition was n't for me , it was for another ballymena man standing just to my left , the head groundsman at psg .
` ` ireland is going to present a tough challenge this weekend and there will be no margin for error , '' said england 's lead coach scott bemand .
he has asked journalists not to take photos of him .
` ` lego 's refusal to sell its product to the artist is an act of censorship and discrimination . ''
plans for a housing development at the site were rejected and earlier this month the developers sought a council review of the decision .
bill clinton 's pursuit of a ` ` third way '' politics was designed to make the democrats more electable and to end the party 's losing streak in presidential politics .
all of those killed were members of the colombian air force .
another example of the accountants take over at the expense of the art .
two other monet paintings were also offered in the sale , la seine a argenteuil which sold for # 8.5 m and antibes , vue du plateau notre - dame , which sold for # 7.9 m.
on 11 and 12 december 1948 - when malaya was still a british colony - 24 villagers were killed by a platoon of scots guards during a raid at batang kali .
the isle of wight council welcomed the plan and said it was currently in discussion with hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of sandown beach for the service .
mr phillips issued the report as part of his investigation into the death of daniel foss , 37 , who died after being hit by a bus on the kingsway in september 2013 .
ranjit banwait , leader of the authority , said the council had committed to keep it open for a year .
he had therefore directed the central bank to ` ` immediately issue comprehensive regulations '' for the activities of the firms , ` ` upon which their suspension would be lifted '' .
government and negotiators have now invited the un security council to join them as an honest , reliable broker and oversee the end of the conflict .
the toughest period of his career began one december morning last year , when a knock at the door at campbell 's home preceded a dramatic arrest in front of his family , and did not end until nine months later when he was finally cleared of any wrongdoing .
the recent fall in children being put forward for adoption in england has prompted sir martin to issue guidance to clarify the meaning of recent court judgements .
a police scotland spokesman said a disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats .
` ` father christmas will visit our wards on christmas morning and every child in the hospital will receive a sack full of presents .
he graciously handed his over - and rather than trying to ring jony i ve or order 5,000 lattes as steve jobs had on stage , i brandished it at the camera for my ten o'clock news piece .
mr obama said he has asked federal agencies for recommendations to ensure the programme is not building a ` ` militarised culture '' in domestic police forces .
he accused the rules on british values as ` ` deeply ill - considered '' and ` ` political posturing '' .
the woman , who is 41 , has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice .
the actress said she had no plans to step away from the stage or the camera , calling retirement ` ` the rudest word in my dictionary '' .
last month , the welsh government successfully applied for a compulsory purchase order on the former owner of the market hall and the work is being funded by a Â # 2.3 m lottery grant .
` ` we 're fired up again for next year , '' griffiths said .
the attack , claimed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , was the deadliest in tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of long - serving ruler zine al - abidine ben ali in 2011 .
ghana 's airport operator said the plane , which had flown from lagos , nigeria , overshot the runway .
the school statement said it would close at the end of the autumn term .
she was hauled up in a ` ` dog rescue bag '' on a line and reunited , uninjured , with her ` ` very happy owners , '' the maritime and coastguard agency -lrb- mca -rrb- said .
` ` hopefully the anglo - welsh cup can be the catalyst to kick on in the premiership .
i do n't mind sharing it with you , but you will need at least five years to master it under the watchful eyes of a senior chef , '' he explains .
but chairman of the cross - party committee bob neill said : ` ` the evidence we have received has prompted grave misgivings about the operation of the charge , and whether , as currently framed , it is compatible with the principles of justice . ''
city boss guardiola released three full - backs at the end of last season , including both right - sided players - pablo zabaleta and bacary sagna .
male infertility appears to be more common within certain families , and this leads scientists to believe that there may be a genetic root for some cases , but only a handful of gene mutations which might be responsible have actually been found .
no who killed lucy beale party would be complete without some sort of competition to guess who the culprit actually is .
coach pedro martinez losa said : ` ` we are very pleased that alex has signed a new contract with us .
` ` i was out of contract with dundee united and at the time they were only prepared to offer a one - year contract , '' he said .
the university , which owns the buildings , and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments .
the poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children .
five men died during a day - trip to the beach last august .
with a general election in the offing , the government last week asked the judge for permission to delay the draft plan .
the symposium : understanding charlie : new perspectives on contemporary citizenship after charlie hebdo , was due to be hosted by qub 's institute for collaborative research in the humanities .
32,000 to hunt lions in the wild .
the petition has been organised as an exercise called a european citizens ' initiative which can lead to a public hearing in the european parliament and require the european commission to give a formal response explaining why it is accepting or rejecting what the petitioners call for .
england test captain cook , who has already scored two centuries this season against gloucestershire and sussex , hit seven fours and a six off england team - mate moeen ali as he completed a more sedate fifty off 112 balls .
three other cats in the area have died in the last seven days , while another cat died two weeks ago .
the public broadcaster said officials made a number of arrests and two canadians remain in prison .
he warned the future of the uk could be under threat if the uk government did not listen to the other administrations .
last week they took part in collections in swansea and bridgend .
they were in our pockets . ''
several appeals for information were made after toilets were vandalised at the game and offensive effigies of rangers fans were hung from the stands .
but devon and cornwall police was criticised after boasting officers tweeted about their victory .
executive producer chris stafford said : ` ` for us this is something that is the culmination of three and a half years ' worth of work , but also we really hope it to be a fitting tribute to sue , that will really introduce adrian mole hopefully to a new generation of audiences . ''
more than 200,000 people a year are estimated to be bitten by dogs in england , according to research for the british medical journal .
the jury was told dna matching mr burns was found on the jacket .
between working with police in the uk and research at the natural history museum , amoret also works at the anthropology department at the university of tennessee in knoxville .
henshaw , 24 , was on his first lions tour , having played 29 times for ireland .
there have been calls from some mps for the government to offer a unilateral guarantee to eu nationals in the uk , but ministers have said this must form part of a deal with other member states for britons living overseas .
the 49-page court ruling added that the plaintiffs challenging president trump 's order are likely to succeed in proving the order unconstitutional .
bears captain ian bell made 51 , but he was the second of three victims for mullaney , who crucially accounted for trott , no sooner than the former england batsman had reached three figures - for the fourth time in his last 10 one - day cup innings .
he was also sentenced to a year 's supervision following his release .
under the latest offer , hyundai will extend all auto loan and lease payments during the shutdown for current hyundai owners who are put on unpaid leave .
former dons midfielder sheerin , 39 , has been player - manager at the red lichties since 2010 and replaces neil cooper at pittodrie .
five bodies were found late on tuesday and emergency workers found a sixth victim some 200 m -lrb- 650 ft -rrb- from the site , minister jorge gomes told portuguese media .
one town , santa olga , has been destroyed by the blaze .
they said they wanted their new press secretary to provide them with expert advice and spearhead the communication of stormont 's policies .
other thermal anomalies were detected in the upper half of the great pyramid .
kevin mckee and seamus wright were both ira members who were abducted and murdered by the organisation in 1972 .
the shows are also criticised , like the slew of entertainment programmes aired during ramadan , for being a distraction from spiritual dedication during the holy month .
mr price has been contacted for comment .
they had argued that the peak ` ` would be a wonderful gift to our sister nation '' to mark its independence from russia , and not a big loss to mountainous norway , which has much higher peaks .
some fans of mexico shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal - kick which is argued to be homophobic .
demarai gray -lrb- leicester city -rrb- left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked .
` ` you 're going to have to take a few risks on saturday , you ca n't be conservative and expect to win . ''
the dean , the very reverend stephen lake , said : ` ` this will ensure that young girls and boys will be lifting their voices in song at gloucester cathedral for many years to come . ''
angelo fusco , 81 , has been a keen observer of italy 's games against the republic of ireland and northern ireland for decades , and can boast connections linking all three .
catch bbc wales sport 's ` ` wales : the road to the euros '' - our very special documentary on the history of welsh football - on bbc iplayer .
mr hearn , who had until recently been working on new software for the currency , says he has now sold all of his own bitcoins and will no longer take part in the crypto - currency 's development .
` ` to have the opportunity to play for them in the top division is amazing . ''
in a country famous for its entrepreneurial culture , lido beach 's popularity has attracted a range of new business ventures - the most visible being the stalls renting out bright red life jackets to the many less confident swimmers .
in the past 30 years , more than 1,000 people have been killed in land disputes in brazil , with some two - thirds of the murders happening in para .
` ` it is testament to the excellent work being nurtured in the county structure and through the england lions , that there is a depth of quality pushing the nucleus of the current group . ''
ray reed from bedfordshire police federation , said he was not resistant to change , but ` ` had concerns '' over response times and perception .
the 42-year - old man was discovered in wetland at the medmerry nature reserve , in earnley , on tuesday by coastguards .
` ` we would particularly like to hear from two people who saw the man in the early hours of wednesday morning .
there has also been scrutiny of the met police 's handling of an investigation into a rape allegation against the late lord brittan , a former home secretary .
north korea has arrested several us citizens in recent years , including journalists and christians accused of proselytism .
scott harrison -lrb- hartlepool united -rrb- header from very close range is close , but misses to the right following a corner .
that plan was later changed to include the fire and prison services , but has now been revised .
we just pray he stays here for another season . ''
if it seems fanciful , then do n't say i did n't warn you !
turkey 's penal code states that anybody who insults the president can face up to four years in prison .
the start of the second half mirrored the start of the first with one team dominating but the other one scoring .
he explained that in the emerging economies , apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers .
on thursday , the european court of justice judgement ruled those without a fixed or habitual office should consider the time they spend travelling between their homes and the premises of their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day .
an ea spokesman said : ` ` after consideration of all the facts relating to the company and the site , the ea has now decided to revoke the environmental permit .
our correspondent says it will decide whether to include the abortion law in its recommended changes to the constitution , which will be put to a referendum .
but there are about 500 deaths a year in the uk from cardiac arrest among the under-30s .
` ` i would ask anyone who was in the vicinity of cumbernauld road around 21:30 or earlier , and who may have seen anything suspicious to come forward to police . ''
platini has found himself at odds with the fa over qatar 's successful bid to host the 2022 world cup .
he was portrayed as an ira member by a regional paper and served six years of a 10-year sentence .
the us has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year - which begins on 1 october - compared with the 85,000 refugees it expects by the end of september .
libya 's government said last year it hoped the hosting of the nations cup would allow it to demonstrate that life had returned to normal in the country and encourage investors .
putin , speaking at an award ceremony for russian olympians at the kremlin , said the country would hold special competitions for banned paralympic athletes , with the winners awarded the same prizes as in rio .
at 3 - 0 behind fu made the most of a decent opening to score a well - constructed 72 before pinching a thrilling fifth frame full of incredible escapes , missed chances and numerous flukes .
beauty and the beast director bill condon has spoken about the ` ` exclusively gay moment '' in the film .
chinese grand prix coverage details
officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend .
lennox lewis , another former world heavyweight champion and olympic gold medallist , is also not in favour of the idea , branding it ` ` preposterous '' .
the 27-year - old pleaded not guilty at durham crown court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming .
the service sector accounts for more than three - quarters of the uk economy .
ms shalloe worked as a research fellow at the university of nottingham , and husband jim hill said his wife previously produced studies on road safety .
british , irish and commonwealth citizens resident in the uk and many british citizens living abroad are entitled to vote in the referendum .
the theatre , which has languished unused for decades , still has much of its original decor and stage machinery in place .
in august , the lagos state environmental protection agency -lrb- lepa -rrb- closed 22 premises after residents complained about noise emanating from them .
evans is a product of wrexham 's academy and mills said the 20-year - old could sign for the club ahead of their opening league game against dover athletic on 6 august .
the islamic center of fort pierce was heavily damaged in the fire , which was set on the anniversary of 9/11 .
the last print edition of the independent will be published on saturday 26 march , while the last independent on sunday will be on 20 march .
it is not binding on the government , which said it would be a mistake to give guarantees to eu nationals in the uk without similar concessions for uk nationals living elsewhere in the eu .
leah has taken a look at nadal 's amazing records in numbers .
officials are scanning the area surrounding the home in the search for the reptile , which is not native to florida .
one possibility under discussion is for gibraltar and scotland , which both voted to remain in the eu , to maintain the uk 's membership of the bloc .
she told the court it was a regular occurrence for mr dale to leave kian in the bath , but only ` ` for a few minutes '' .
lord alderdice , a liberal democrat peer who voted remain in last year 's referendum , said that mrs may must not view the issue of the border as if she was still home secretary .
` ` he has shown the courage that he wants to play through the little injury problem he has , '' said clark .
once a portuguese colony , gaming has taken place in macau for more than 300 years .
we ' ve learned a lot about the end of the journey , the slave camps and mass graves in the jungles of thailand and malaysia .
it involves candidates hoping to become the world 's most prominent diplomat .
seals have been breeding on the site since about 2001 , when just 25 were recorded .
since the court legalised gay marriage nationwide two months ago , ms davis has refused to issue any marriage licences to anyone .
south korean officials said the mid - range missile launch took place early thursday morning near the eastern coastal city of wonsan but the missile ` ` crashed a few seconds later '' in the coastal area , reported yonhap news agency .
thursday 's contest was donnelly 's second at the games as he outpointed zohir kedache of algeria in his opening fight at riocentro .
singer tom meighan has previously talked about his own mental health .
assistant commissioner tracy linford said two forensic psychologists had been embedded in the task force to help investigators understand why the young women were trying to join is .
david cameron had been an mp for less than a year when ivan was born in 2002 , and became prime minister the year after ivan died .
a missile was also reportedly fired at the yemeni government - controlled city of marib in central yemen .
about half a dozen tours that involve zoos are being dropped from the firm 's roster of 3,500 possible trips .
in addition , couples need to have been in a stable relationship for two years and neither partner can smoke for three months before treatment begins .
the child was taken to the university hospital of wales in cardiff .
kevin keegan 's management career both started and ended at newcastle united , with stints as england , fulham and manchester city boss wedged in between .
government lawyers challenged the claim and said no high court order was needed .
australian federal police -lrb- afp -rrb- confirmed in a statement that they had been asked to investigate the women 's links from their time in sydney and melbourne .
pine trees now dominate the forests of the northern hemisphere .
water poured through from a rooftop room , leaving the top floor under three inches of water and stock ` ` significantly '' damaged .
lfb has since apologised after its joke about the fire was met with a mixed response on social media .
in the past five years , three out of somerset 's 13 community hospitals have been replaced .
galway enter into round 4a of the qualifier series after surrendering their connacht title to roscommon .
` ` if this situation was reversed and a young protestant teacher who was also a member of the dup was being forced from her job in a catholic school , i would be at the door accompanying her to her work , '' he said .
it was ` ` a very intentional shot at very close range '' , the rspca said .
the glasgow university study looked to evaluate the impact of the m74 extension on the number of road accidents on local roads during the construction period and following its opening .
the panel concluded smith was not suitable for approval to be a foster carer .
` ` they got 50 % of the vote and 95 % of the seats and the reality is you have to respond to that and i think what the government needs to do is produce a white paper which sets out how fiscal autonomy , devo - max , call it what you will , would work in practice so people are aware of the advantages and the disadvantages . ''
johnsen was brought to hearts by former head coach robbie neilson after leaving bulgarian club litex lovech .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 3 january and 10 february .
earlier , johnson - thompson - competing in the long jump after she was unable to qualify for her preferred event , pentathlon , because of illness - opened up with 6.69 m , before eclipsing her previous best of 6.75 m , set at the recent british championships , with 6.81 m .
but the health and social care information centre figures shows how difficult it is for people to get help .
thousands of people gathered in the square outside the town 's main church to pay their respects in front of a long row of coffins .
irish times chief football writer emmet malone said the experience of northern ireland supporters has worried fans in the republic of ireland .
` ` you can never have enough good fast bowlers , so that would be top of the shopping list , '' morris said .
officers investigating the circumstances of his death arrested a 25-year - old man in coleraine just after 17:30 gmt .
figures from the world of football , dutch politicians and royalty were among those to pay tribute on thursday .
van gaal , 65 , has been out of work since being sacked by united hours after winning the fa cup in may 2016 .
the law in tanzania has boundaries when it comes to sexuality ''
the shots were fired in friedrich - stoltze square , a busy area of bars and cafes , as local people enjoyed the ascension day holiday in the sunshine .
a university of oxford spokesman said it had ` ` thought carefully '' about how best to mitigate the impact of the buildings .
the announcement of the lion king 's inclusion comes three months after disney announced the movie would be remade as a live action film directed by jon favreau .
the two brothers allegedly sold musadikur rohaman 's bmw car , his wife 's wedding dress and Â # 1,200 worth of family gold to raise funds for him in syria .
detectives said three firearms , ammunition and a five - figure sum of money were recovered .
two have been charged with cheating the public revenue , and another person has been charged with false representation and possession of criminal property .
different parts of the business operate in silos , and the sharing of information is not what it should be .
what kind of f1 fan is chris rea ?
` ` i ' ve got high hopes for him -lsb- cathro -rsb- , '' levein said .
broady and watson struggled to make an impact in their first final as a pair with the top seeds from chinese taipei winning in just over an hour .
channing tatum took home best comedic performance for 22 jump street and meryl streep picked up best villain for her role in into the woods .
sir bruce hosted strictly for a decade until he stepped down last year .
the # 20,000 samuel johnson prize was won last year by helen macdonald 's h is for hawk .
watch : how shauna coxsey became the uk 's first bouldering world champion
it follows the arrest of a 24-year - old man and 20-year - old woman , both from birmingham , on 4 april , who are on bail , west midlands police said .
it is not yet known how the pieces went missing , but he said they probably fell into a handbag or ` ` got stuck on a granny 's cardigan '' as she was helped out .
jobbik increased its share of the vote , becoming the second - largest political party in the country .
` ` a member of the nec has gone back and given advice on what they need to do . ''
he clocked a time of one hour exactly in winning 2014 's great north run , becoming the first british man to win the north east 's famous half marathon for 29 years .
of course , there can be many other factors to consider with mental health problems and it is always worth getting advice from a qualified healthcare professional .
there was no conclusive evidence to link him to ms kagazi 's killing , but he was being questioned about his possible role in her murder and in other crimes , he added .
hillary clinton refused to address his comments about her husband .
a north wales police spokesman issued an appeal for motorists who drove along the main a548 towyn coast road between 23:30 bst on monday to 09:00 on tuesday to send any footage they have .
asked if this would be his last world title fight if he lost to braehmer , cleverly told bbc radio wales sport : ` ` possibly so and probably so .
the police officer added that the 16 petrol bombs had been stashed in colinview street ` ` to be thrown at officers again '' .
the friends of sherwood forest say the Â # 5.3 m centre , located on the edge of a country park , will devastate the area .
knightley , who turns 30 next year , previously trod the boards in london in the misanthrope and the children 's hour .
the british museum recently turned down a proposal by unesco , the un cultural agency , to mediate in the dispute .
` ` he 's a monster .
cricket south africa have said they are ` ` resolved to begin a recruitment process '' as they look to appoint a head coach ` ` through to the 2019 world cup '' .
` ` after five enjoyable years in england , i am delighted to return to my home province leinster , '' said morris , who extended his deal with tigers in 2012 .
mr corbyn was cheered by labour mps as he got to his feet at his first pmqs , before launching into a lengthy pre - amble in which he thanked supporters for his labour leadership victory , vowed to make pmqs less ` ` theatrical '' and explained his decision to crowd source his questions .
the unrest began when drivers erected barricades in a protest against harassment and roadblocks by police demanding bribes .
