share prices on the london stock exchange closed lower on monday , suffering on fears over banks ' exposure to bad u.s. home loans and the termination of sainsbury 's bid .
south korea posted a current account surplus of #.# billion dollars in october , the central bank said thursday , a figure that is likely to relieve pressure on the shaky won .
european stock markets struggled to maintain their equilibrium and most asian indexes fell monday following wall street 's plunge at the end of last week on lingering credit concerns that have been roiling markets .
prime minister vladimir putin of russia visited venezuela on friday to sign a series of military and oil agreements with president hugo chavez , who is seeking to expand ties with russia as a way of countering the influence of the united states in latin america .
tom kristensen of denmark will drive for a record seventh victory in the ##-hour endurance race at le mans this weekend .
construction spending in the united states rose a healthy #.# percent to a record level in april , as office construction surged and activity in the red-hot housing market hit an all-time high , the government reported wednesday .
summaries from the first round of the spanish first-division football league -lrb- home teams listed first -rrb- : UNK
grid positions after the final qualifying session in the indonesian motorcycle grand prix at the sentul circuit , west java , saturday : UNK
iraqi president jalal talabani and high-ranking syrian baath party officials met here thursday and affirmed their joint aim to improve ties between the two countries , official media said .
the euro slipped against the dollar on thursday even as u.s. weekly jobless claims rose slightly .
european major stocks ended mainly lower for the second session in a row thursday as limp results and outlooks from sector bellwethers such as royal dutch\/shell and stmicroelectronics sent jitters through the market .
the european commission on wednesday approved a joint venture between french banks credit agricole sa and UNK d'epargne to combine their securities services businesses .
using certain anti-cancer drugs for years at a time can help keep some types of cancer in remission longer , doctors reported thursday .
egypt and lebanon will hold the fifth session of their joint higher committee on monday to discuss ways of activating a deal on establishing a free trade zone between the two countries .
a foreign trade fair aimed at enhancing economic ties between china 's island province of hainan and vietnam has ended recently , generating a total of one billion yuan-worth of contracts .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma threatened to dissolve parliament friday as deputies continued blocking the passage of the #### budget .
hong kong tycoon li ka-shing 's flagship cheung kong -lrb- holdings -rrb- ltd. is expected to report a UNK .# percent rise in #### net profits on wednesday , analysts said .
the us banking industry 's profits slid ## percent in the third quarter from a year ago to #.# billion dollars , reflecting the credit crisis ravaging the sector and overall economy , regulators said tuesday .
chinese carmaker chery automobile has recorded a ##.# percent growth in the number of exported vehicles during the first quarter , the company said on sunday .
australia 's news corp announced monday it was joining brazil 's globo , mexico 's grupo televisa and the us tele-communications inc. in a venture to broadcast ### channels via satellite to latin america .
a series of emergency measures have been taken in northeast china 's liaoning province in a massive campaign against drought believed to be the most serious since #### .
a man has been shot dead in a catholic area of west belfast , police said friday .
latvian president guntis ulmanis on friday expressed condolences to jews for the nazi holocaust and conceded `` with shame and indignation '' that latvians were among their persecutors , a news agency reported .
as family members wept with joy , ## foreign democracy were expelled saturday from myanmar and arrived in bangkok after a week in custody for distributing leaflets opposed to the military government .
a federal jury ordered ebay inc. to pay $ ## million for violating patents filed by an attorney in a ruling that could change how the online auction house operates .
torino striker david di michele will be allowed to play friendly matches despite being banned for three months for illegal betting .
south african teenager caster semenya received her gold medal thursday for her ###-meter win at the world championships .
the sri lankan government on wednesday announced the closure of government schools with immediate effect as a military campaign against tamil separatists escalated in the north of the country .
cuban sports officials and coaches censored the possible elimination of boxers ' protective head gear in the amateur boxing competitions , cuba 's official press `` granma '' said on friday .
southeast asian countries hope to conclude free-trade talks with six major trading partners , including china , japan and australia , by #### but would avoid any new negotiations amid the frenzy of the work ahead , a top official said sunday .
baghdad authorities have reopened the roads leading from the city of kirkuk to the kurdish self-rule area in northern iraq , the official iraqi news agency has reported .
secretary of state warren christopher widened consultations on an israeli-lebanese ceasefire wednesday by including egypt and saudi arabia in the effort , an official said .
costa rica has ruled out the possibility of opening up its telecommunication sector in spite of pressure exerted by the united states , reports from guatemala city said wednesday .
australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states , britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears .
japanese stocks ticked up wednesday afternoon as the u.s. dollar 's rise to a more than eight month high against the yen helped boost export-dependent issues .
the euro drifted lower against the u.s. dollar tuesday after a report showed that german business confidence slipped again , hit by turbulence in global financial markets .
the bush administration raised the u.s. terror alert level to orange tuesday amid fears a wave of terrorist attacks overseas will spread to the united states .
president chen shui-bian said thursday he will attend a summit meeting of heads of state of the republic of china and its central american allies to be held in el salvador later this year if the event can take place as originally scheduled .
another #.# million people fell below the poverty line in argentina in the second half of #### , research by the country 's official statistics agency revealed wednesday .
leading season scorers in the bundesliga after saturday 's third-round games : UNK
a powerful earthquake rocked northeastern japan on monday , knocking out power , causing a landslide and disrupting road and rail traffic .
south korean stocks continued their winning streak on foreign and program buying , with the main index bouncing back to the ###-point level on tuesday .
italian voters rejected by a wide margin a referendum on constitutional change backed by former prime minister silvio berlusconi , provisional results showed , dealing a further blow to the media mogul more than two months after he lost power .
greece international central defender sotiris kyrgiakos says he intends to join liverpool after receiving an offer from the premier league club .
iran has vowed it would not suspend its nuclear work after the latest report from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- said tehran has slowed its uranium enrichment program , iran 's english-language satellite news channel press tv reported on friday .
montenegro will hold its third presidential election in six months on sunday , with a pro-independence candidate a clear favorite to become the leader of the small republic , part of a union with the much bigger serbia .
croatia protested tuesday over an attack against a roman catholic church in sarajevo , which came just one month ahead of a scheduled visit by the pope , hina news agency said .
france midfielder emmanuel petit will miss the confederations cup in june because of minor leg injuries , while patrick vieira is an almost certain absentee , france 's coach said .
malaysia beat bangladesh #-# in a world cup asian zone group one qualifying match in jeddah , saudi arabia , on monday .
