american billionaire michael eisner will address fans on thursday with details of his # 5.67 m offer for 100 % of the promoted league two club .
judge dw deshpande said the actor would have to be present in the court for the judgement .
the service is available to three customers travelling to the republic of ireland , australia , italy , austria , hong kong , sweden and denmark .
media playback is not supported on this device
croker starts at hooker for the hosts at twickenham , with amy cokayne dropping to the bench .
the incident happened on tuesday night , when the attacker charged at rajnish thakur in his shop in mumbai 's chembur neighbourhood .
lego refused a bulk order for bricks that were to be used in a new artwork about political dissidents as part of an exhibition in melbourne , australia .
several fire appliances were called to the scene at carnsalloch house to tackle the blaze .
starr , a former independent counsel , was the author of what 's probably the most expensive piece of pornography ever published , the starr report which chronicled , in graphic sexual detail , bill clinton 's affair with a 21-year - old white house intern , monica lewinsky .
the twin - engined cn235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of codazzi , in cesar province , having reported engine difficulties .
alasdair mccrone , of mull theatre , and gordon mclean , of the arts centre an tobar , were among three directors of the umbrella body comar .
inspired by the lily pond in monet 's garden at giverny in france , the painting was the top lot at sotheby 's sale of modern and impressionist works .
five justices in the supreme court dismissed the challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at batang kali in 1948 by a four to one majority .
the company said it was looking at the possibility of adding services between sandown and southsea .
sgt louise lucas , 41 , was airlifted to hospital but later died .
derby city council wanted to shut moorways pool from april in a bid to save about Â # 350,000 a year .
he made the pledge in a ramadan message to muslims , who have been worst affected by the ban .
negotiators for the two sides at peace talks in cuba said they would ask the un to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire .
washing his own training kit and playing on sloping pitches is a world away from the life to which he had become accustomed during his career , much of which was spent in england 's top two divisions .
in the three months to june 2014 , there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption , compared with 1,830 in the three months to september 2013 .
police were called to the property in thornhill road at about 11:00 on saturday following the discovery of the body .
the traditional turkey meals are for patients , but tens of thousands of staff working on the big day will tuck in to their dinner in a hospital canteen .
those were the days , by the way , when phones were for making calls but all that was about to change .
mr obama asked congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices .
such values are ill - defined and vulnerable to misinterpretation , argued southend head teacher , robin bevan .
the victim was discovered with head and facial injuries in a bedroom of the flat in ross house , mount vernon , on monday morning .
` ` i ca n't read anymore , '' she told the hollywood reporter .
it will house the town 's library , a cafe , community space , and anglesey 's local history collection .
with a fifth successive title win all but wrapped up , the pfa scotland player of the year says thoughts are now turning to defending the crown next season .
french president francois hollande expressed ` ` deep sadness '' at the death of huguette dupeu in a statement .
ten passengers on board the bus were reported to have been killed while all four crew members survived .
the trustees of wykeham house school in fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt .
rolo , a chocolate labrador , was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an rnli lifeboat were called in , near brixham .
tigers are fifth after a season of struggle which has seen them sack director of rugby richard cockerill .
apart from good chefs , many restaurateurs will tell you that an excellent menu boasting many scrumptious dishes is a must .
since april , convicted criminals in england and wales have had to pay a charge of between # 150 and # 1,200 towards the cost of their case .
walker , who has 27 caps and spent eight seasons at spurs has signed a five - year deal with city .
mutations of the nr5a1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men , reports the american journal of human genetics .
it 's part of the show 's 30th anniversary week , so two good reasons for a party .
the 32-year - old right - back has been with arsenal since the age of eight and has won nine league titles during her time at the club .
daly spent two seasons at ibrox after leaving tannadice , where he has been training since pre - season .
the listed properties on london road were last used by the witan international college 10 years ago .
the poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children .
the patrols at camber sands in east sussex will be funded with Â # 51,000 allocated by rother district council as part of its annual budget .
it is likely to include a scrappage scheme for older diesel cars in areas with high levels of dirty air .
it was due to be held at queen 's university in belfast in june .
walter palmer from the state of minnesota is believed to have paid about ? ?
the petition calls on the eu and its member states to stop the talks on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership or ttip .
but after losing their opening home fixture , 40 overs of play were possible before the weather closed in .
the charity said tests confirmed all of the cats near victor avenue , in melton mowbray , leicestershire , had ingested the toxic substance .
according to radio - canada , officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show cavalia were staying on 14 july .
carwyn jones told the guardian newspaper that people 's ` ` sense of disengagement with brussels '' could attach itself to london after brexit .
ospreys players olly cracknell , de kock steenkamp , dan baker , dafydd howells and sam parry joined collectors in baglan moors on tuesday .
media playback is not supported on this device
police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour .
the sculpture , depicting a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape , was crowned winner of the cornwall beach games sandcastle competition .
it is being performed at curve theatre in leicester , the city where townsend lived and where the book is set .
the boy , named locally as reggie , was attacked at a house in falkland road at about 04:15 bst .
forensic expert susan williamson was giving evidence at the trial of william burns and alexander porter , who deny attacking russell findlay .
and it 's tucked away for a very good reason .
northampton 's north has a hamstring injury while leinster 's henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle .
theresa may said eu leaders ' remarks showed it was ` ` absolutely right '' for the uk not to have acted unilaterally .
a san francisco judge has placed january 's executive order in limbo , but the white house is vowing to appeal .
supported by 89 from steven mullaney , root hit two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first list a century , as notts recovered from 92 - 4 to reach 303 - 6 .
donald skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the taj madina mosque in victoria road last december .
more than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown which was triggered after the two houses of congress did not agree on a new budget .
former dons midfielder sheerin , 39 , has been player - manager at the red lichties since 2010 and replaces neil cooper at pittodrie .
the victims all worked at the plant 100 km -lrb- 62 miles -rrb- east of porto .
russia has sent a super - tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires .
the first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the royal prerogative to create the role for former bbc journalist david gordon .
thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the great pyramid .
their remains were found in a single grave in coghalstown , county meath , in the republic of ireland in june .
a recent programme in algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a renowned communist novelist into believing he had been arrested for ` ` atheism and espionage '' .
gary price was suspended from all council duties for five months in november after powys council 's standards committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct .
a social media campaign had proposed giving halti mountain summit to finland for its 100th birthday next year .
the move comes after mexico drew their opening confederations cup game 2 - 2 with portugal in russia .
gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal before slimani doubled the lead shortly after .
wales have not beaten the all blacks in 26 matches since 1953 and the world champions are undefeated at eden park since 1994 .
the choir was established by henry viii in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults .
ray houghton 's tumbling goal celebration at the 1994 world cup and salvatore schillaci 's whoops of delight after scoring in the same fixture four years earlier are snapshots of the fervour on display .
media playback is not supported on this device
mike hearn , a zurich - based developer and long - time proponent of bitcoin , surprised many this weekend when he published a blog calling bitcoin a ` ` failed '' project .
the 22-year - old played for yeovil in the 2012 - 13 season and briefly last term , but has been studying at rider university for the past four years .
` ` we save people here every day , '' said the 46-year - old policeman - managing to sound both proud and chiding and the same time .
it is the third time vitalmiro bastos moura has been tried for dorothy stang 's 2005 death after previous convictions were overturned .
joe root , alex hales , moeen ali and mark wood also return for the tie with pakistan at old trafford on 7 september after missing sri lanka in july .
olly martins said the force , which has to save Â # 7.5 m over the next two years , spends Â # 3 m a year on its buildings .
the 42-year - old man was discovered in wetland at the medmerry nature reserve , in earnley , on tuesday by coastguards .
the man , who has not yet been identified , was last seen alive at 20:45 bst on tuesday 9 june in st stephen 's subway .
met commissioner sir bernard hogan - howe has asked sir richard henriques to make recommendations about whether there are ways to improve procedures .
pae jun - ho , known in the us as kenneth bae , smuggled anti - government materials and plotted the state 's downfall , a supreme court spokesman told state news agency kcna .
newport 's win over accrington sees the exiles leapfrog pools , putting them two points in front with two games remaining .
the new plan is for training to be split across three different sites .
archibald was on swindon town 's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies .
iain duncan smith , in what he said was his first interview on europe in 10 years , has just told me that staying in the eu puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in paris , while the prime minister was on the tv sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union .
ece heper , 50 , was arrested on 30 december in the north - eastern town of kars , her lawyer sertac celikkaleli told the canadian press .
the new manchester city striker headed the elephants in front from a right - wing cross by max gradel .
the taiwanese firm , also known as foxconn technology , posted a net profit of nt$ 37bn -lrb- $ 1.2 bn ; Â # 814 m -rrb- in the october to december quarter .
what did the court say ?
firefighters spent several days at the site in duncan street following the blaze on 2 march , which reduced train services and caused travel delays .
it was unanimously passed by mps in december , but mr koroma refused to sign it after protests by religious leaders .
but there are about 500 deaths a year in the uk from cardiac arrest among the under-30s .
albert anthony smith mcdonald , 58 , was found with head injuries on cumbernauld road , riddrie , at 21:25 on monday .
media playback is not supported on this device
martin foran , 71 and from manchester , served a total of 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal .
he told the united nations general assembly that world leaders , notably germany and canada , have vowed to double the number from last year .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- are inviting new bidders for the tournament .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- suspended russia from the rio games starting on 7 september because of state - sponsored doping .
media playback is not supported on this device
the much - anticipated film sparked controversy last week after it emerged it would feature a ` ` gay moment '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend .
the amateur international boxing association has said pro boxers will compete in rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month .
the 27-year - old pleaded not guilty at durham crown court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming .
the latest markit / cips services purchasing managers ' index -lrb- pmi -rrb- fell to 52.7 last month , down from january 's reading of 55.6 .
sally shalloe , 51 , of attenborough , nottinghamshire , died when her bicycle was hit by david staley 's motorbike in middleton boulevard in april last year .
a software ` ` issue '' meant polling cards and some postal votes were sent out to some ` ` non eligible '' voters .
it is hoped the theatre , founded in 1875 , will be used for theatrical performances , cinema screenings , comedy and live music .
about 10 hotels , pubs and club houses were also closed , officials said .
harvey , 21 , scored five goals in 50 league appearances for the pilgrims but rejected the offer a new contract .
