the incident happened on tuesday night , when the attacker charged at rajnish thakur in his shop in mumbai 's chembur neighbourhood .
starr , a former independent counsel , was the author of what 's probably the most expensive piece of pornography ever published , the starr report which chronicled , in graphic sexual detail , bill clinton 's affair with a 21-year - old white house intern , monica lewinsky .
alasdair mccrone , of mull theatre , and gordon mclean , of the arts centre an tobar , were among three directors of the umbrella body comar .
sgt louise lucas , 41 , was airlifted to hospital but later died .
rolo , a chocolate labrador , was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an rnli lifeboat were called in , near brixham .
according to radio - canada , officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show cavalia were staying on 14 july .
ospreys players olly cracknell , de kock steenkamp , dan baker , dafydd howells and sam parry joined collectors in baglan moors on tuesday .
and it 's tucked away for a very good reason .
supported by 89 from steven mullaney , root hit two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first list a century , as notts recovered from 92 - 4 to reach 303 - 6 .
donald skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the taj madina mosque in victoria road last december .
russia has sent a super - tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires .
a recent programme in algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a renowned communist novelist into believing he had been arrested for ` ` atheism and espionage '' .
` ` we save people here every day , '' said the 46-year - old policeman - managing to sound both proud and chiding and the same time .
it is the third time vitalmiro bastos moura has been tried for dorothy stang 's 2005 death after previous convictions were overturned .
joe root , alex hales , moeen ali and mark wood also return for the tie with pakistan at old trafford on 7 september after missing sri lanka in july .
met commissioner sir bernard hogan - howe has asked sir richard henriques to make recommendations about whether there are ways to improve procedures .
pae jun - ho , known in the us as kenneth bae , smuggled anti - government materials and plotted the state 's downfall , a supreme court spokesman told state news agency kcna .
newport 's win over accrington sees the exiles leapfrog pools , putting them two points in front with two games remaining .
he told the united nations general assembly that world leaders , notably germany and canada , have vowed to double the number from last year .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- suspended russia from the rio games starting on 7 september because of state - sponsored doping .
media playback is not supported on this device
a software ` ` issue '' meant polling cards and some postal votes were sent out to some ` ` non eligible '' voters .
it is hoped the theatre , founded in 1875 , will be used for theatrical performances , cinema screenings , comedy and live music .
