the service is available to three customers travelling to the republic of ireland , australia , italy , austria , hong kong , sweden and denmark .
croker starts at hooker for the hosts at twickenham , with amy cokayne dropping to the bench .
derby city council wanted to shut moorways pool from april in a bid to save about Â # 350,000 a year .
negotiators for the two sides at peace talks in cuba said they would ask the un to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire .
in the three months to june 2014 , there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption , compared with 1,830 in the three months to september 2013 .
mr obama asked congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices .
with a fifth successive title win all but wrapped up , the pfa scotland player of the year says thoughts are now turning to defending the crown next season .
french president francois hollande expressed ` ` deep sadness '' at the death of huguette dupeu in a statement .
apart from good chefs , many restaurateurs will tell you that an excellent menu boasting many scrumptious dishes is a must .
walker , who has 27 caps and spent eight seasons at spurs has signed a five - year deal with city .
the patrols at camber sands in east sussex will be funded with Â # 51,000 allocated by rother district council as part of its annual budget .
it is likely to include a scrappage scheme for older diesel cars in areas with high levels of dirty air .
carwyn jones told the guardian newspaper that people 's ` ` sense of disengagement with brussels '' could attach itself to london after brexit .
the sculpture , depicting a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape , was crowned winner of the cornwall beach games sandcastle competition .
the boy , named locally as reggie , was attacked at a house in falkland road at about 04:15 bst .
northampton 's north has a hamstring injury while leinster 's henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle .
a san francisco judge has placed january 's executive order in limbo , but the white house is vowing to appeal .
former dons midfielder sheerin , 39 , has been player - manager at the red lichties since 2010 and replaces neil cooper at pittodrie .
thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the great pyramid .
their remains were found in a single grave in coghalstown , county meath , in the republic of ireland in june .
gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal before slimani doubled the lead shortly after .
the new plan is for training to be split across three different sites .
archibald was on swindon town 's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies .
iain duncan smith , in what he said was his first interview on europe in 10 years , has just told me that staying in the eu puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in paris , while the prime minister was on the tv sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union .
ece heper , 50 , was arrested on 30 december in the north - eastern town of kars , her lawyer sertac celikkaleli told the canadian press .
but there are about 500 deaths a year in the uk from cardiac arrest among the under-30s .
media playback is not supported on this device
martin foran , 71 and from manchester , served a total of 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal .
the much - anticipated film sparked controversy last week after it emerged it would feature a ` ` gay moment '' .
the amateur international boxing association has said pro boxers will compete in rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month .
the latest markit / cips services purchasing managers ' index -lrb- pmi -rrb- fell to 52.7 last month , down from january 's reading of 55.6 .
sally shalloe , 51 , of attenborough , nottinghamshire , died when her bicycle was hit by david staley 's motorbike in middleton boulevard in april last year .
