lego refused a bulk order for bricks that were to be used in a new artwork about political dissidents as part of an exhibition in melbourne , australia .
such values are ill - defined and vulnerable to misinterpretation , argued southend head teacher , robin bevan .
` ` i ca n't read anymore , '' she told the hollywood reporter .
the trustees of wykeham house school in fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt .
since april , convicted criminals in england and wales have had to pay a charge of between # 150 and # 1,200 towards the cost of their case .
mutations of the nr5a1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men , reports the american journal of human genetics .
it 's part of the show 's 30th anniversary week , so two good reasons for a party .
it was due to be held at queen 's university in belfast in june .
the charity said tests confirmed all of the cats near victor avenue , in melton mowbray , leicestershire , had ingested the toxic substance .
forensic expert susan williamson was giving evidence at the trial of william burns and alexander porter , who deny attacking russell findlay .
theresa may said eu leaders ' remarks showed it was ` ` absolutely right '' for the uk not to have acted unilaterally .
more than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown which was triggered after the two houses of congress did not agree on a new budget .
the first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the royal prerogative to create the role for former bbc journalist david gordon .
gary price was suspended from all council duties for five months in november after powys council 's standards committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct .
a social media campaign had proposed giving halti mountain summit to finland for its 100th birthday next year .
the move comes after mexico drew their opening confederations cup game 2 - 2 with portugal in russia .
wales have not beaten the all blacks in 26 matches since 1953 and the world champions are undefeated at eden park since 1994 .
ray houghton 's tumbling goal celebration at the 1994 world cup and salvatore schillaci 's whoops of delight after scoring in the same fixture four years earlier are snapshots of the fervour on display .
mike hearn , a zurich - based developer and long - time proponent of bitcoin , surprised many this weekend when he published a blog calling bitcoin a ` ` failed '' project .
olly martins said the force , which has to save Â # 7.5 m over the next two years , spends Â # 3 m a year on its buildings .
what did the court say ?
albert anthony smith mcdonald , 58 , was found with head injuries on cumbernauld road , riddrie , at 21:25 on monday .
