fast forward about 20 years , and it 's fair to say he has done just that .
` ` the accident meant the motorway was closed , making travel to mourneview park impossible for the team and fans travelling from belfast , '' said the irish football association .
the sunday times says the missile veered off course during a test in june last year - weeks before the commons voted to spend # 40bn renewing trident .
a spokesman for palm beach gardens police in florida confirmed to the bbc they were investigating a fatal crash involving the grand slam champion .
the international tribunal for the law of the sea did , however , allow ghana to continue developing current oilfields .
the public car park is just off the upper newtownards road , one of the main routes into the city .
reports on wednesday suggested more than one iguana was actually filmed , with scenes then stitched together .
margaret aspinall and trevor hicks campaigned for more than 20 years to secure fresh inquests into the deaths of 96 people in the disaster .
` ` fracking '' involves pumping water and chemicals into shale rock at pressure .
alongside the likes of little simz and lady leshurr , she 's part of a groundswell of female voices in the male - dominated world of uk hip - hop and grime .
the welsh pop legend accused the bbc of ` ` sub - standard behaviour '' when it dropped him from the contest last year .
spurs , who are having a new # 400 m stadium built next to their existing home white hart lane , could also play next season 's home champions league games at the national stadium .
gb were beaten 24 - 18 by israel , 37 - 14 by hungary and 46 - 14 by netherlands .
the labour leader said his party would invest in infrastructure but expected action on low wages and workers ' rights in return , while there would also be an increase in corporation tax .
satellite images taken on 14 february appear to show two batteries of eight missile launchers and a radar system on woody or yongxing island in the paracels .
a head teachers ' conference has heard claims of threats such as dead animals being left in school playgrounds .
and many of those communities will have voted labour .
de roon moved to teesside in june 2016 for an initial # 8.8 m fee and played 33 premier league games last term .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 36-year - old defender , who took up a coaching role at st james park last year , has not featured in city 's first team since the end of february .
the transforming british tennis together initiative aims to make the sport more accessible .
kevin patrick dawes , 33 , was abducted in 2012 as he entered syria .
bhs.com will employ just 84 people , a fraction of the 11,000 who lost their jobs after efforts to find a buyer for the high - street business failed .
the proposals mean charges would be placed on 625 spaces in the area and restrictions placed on a further 741 .
leonie granger from gillingham , kent , was sentenced at the old bailey having been found guilty of manslaughter .
if prime minister theresa may does not appear to have had a particularly good night , ruth davidson , the tory leader in scotland , certainly has .
the crash happened at evanton at about 17:20 on saturday .
martin mccauley was seriously wounded and a teenager was killed when police opened fire on a hayshed in county armagh in 1982 .
the alert began just after midday when police received a report of a suspicious device at the back of business premises on dunluce street .
mr turnbull said the titles were ` ` not appropriate '' in modern australia , and that queen elizabeth had accepted the cabinet 's recommendation to drop them .
sevilla , winners of the tournament in 2014 and 2015 , led early on through vitolo 's close - range strike .
the party 's economy spokesman rhun ap iorwerth warned steel 's troubles were a ` ` canary in the mine '' , warning of deeper problems across a range of industries .
shafiq mohammed was also found to have resisted arrest at a demonstration in monkton , south ayrshire , in 2015 .
it 's the fifth coin portrait to have been created during the queen 's reign .
it is believed to have left the park , near the small town of beaufort west , through a hole under the fence .
one syrian boy happily shows a model he has made out of cardboard - a neat house , complete with a shiny red roof , bright blue walls and tiny windows that swing open .
camilla bought a box of mangoes with a brixton Â # 10 note , introduced last year to try to keep the money of local people within the community .
scientists used information about the geology of the country to predict the areas most likely to be affected by the poison .
media playback is not supported on this device
sarries beat tigers in the final round of pool matches , and will play aaron mauger 's side at allianz park again .
lee , who died last year , is revered by singaporeans , while his children are respected members of the establishment .
jack beales , 93 , of rhyl , carried out the attacks while she was a young girl , mainly when he was in his 70s .
the swift archway cranford 545 caravan was stolen from a site in yaxley , cambridgeshire , on thursday night .
police in madhya pradesh state told reporters sedition was ` ` hard to prove '' .
prime minister jean - marc ayrault has asked the interior minister to take steps ` ` immediately '' to dissolve the revolutionary nationalist youth -lrb- jnr -rrb- .
fly - half billy burns was the premiership side 's hero , scoring all 16 of their points before they resisted a battling comeback from the french team .
the attack happened in a lane between great western road and the auchentoshan estate at about 01:30 on saturday 21 november .
police were called to the property in thornhill road at about 11:00 on saturday following the discovery of the body .
horror stories have been handed down the generations about the mysterious site , known as deadman 's island , so the bbc 's inside out south east programme took a boat across to investigate whether any of the rumours were true .
the 29-year - old scot has signed a two - year contract with the gloucestershire outfit .
mr spencer , head of xbox , said the console , then codenamed project scorpio , ` ` must deliver true 4k gaming and high - fidelity vr -lsb- virtual reality -rsb- '' .
the hosts lost both openers cheaply , as nick gubbins was caught off the bowling of james tomlinson , and sam robson edged tino best to jimmy adams .
llanbedr airfield , near harlech , is one of eight which has been looked at .
the baby was found at the bus stop near the magpie and stump pub in towyn , conwy county , at 07:15 bst on tuesday .
a study led by goldsmiths , university of london , found british army infantry troops spent less than 47 % of their time on the western front between 1914 and 1918 .
it was easy to do she says , because of britain being inside the european union .
2 october 2015 last updated at 18:13 bst
in the season - opening australian grand prix , ferrari 's sebastian vettel beat hamilton , who hopes to turn the tables at the chinese race on sunday .
pte cheryl james , 18 , from llangollen , denbighshire , was found with a bullet wound to her head in surrey in 1995 .
america luke richardson sent about 4,000 messages to a 14-year - old girl from essex and met her in a hotel , greater manchester police -lrb- gmp -rrb- said .
mr trump said mr mueller 's friendship with james comey , who had been heading the inquiry until sacked from his role as fbi chief , was ` ` bothersome '' .
a spending timeline until 2022 shows the price could be about # 435,000 more than approved in the scottish borders authority 's budget earlier this month .
the advertising standards authority -lrb- asa -rrb- says it should be made more obvious , before viewers click play , that clips contain promoted products .
stephen martin , 56 , from rustington , west sussex , was due to face trial on charges of involuntary homicide after the pair died during a dive in 2014 .
antares , built by orbital sciences corp , combusted seconds after leaving the seaside launch pad at wallops flight facility .
officials say journalists who filmed bowatte indarathana 's self - immolation could have tried to have him rescued .
tall , poised and elegant , french finance minister christine lagarde has been described as having a rock - star appeal on the international political circuit .
talha asmal , 17 , was one of four suicide bombers who attacked security forces near an oil refinery south of baiji , the guardian has reported .
the artists wrote graffiti reading ` ` homeland is racist '' and ` ` homeland is rubbish '' , among others .
peterborough restaurant owner mohammed khubaib , 43 , was convicted of rape and grooming offences last month .
warren , 79 , who started the granada television show when he was 24 , died on 1 march after a short illness .
sheffield wednesday are set to pay # 10 m for on - loan striker jordan rhodes .
the west indian carnival in leeds was launched in 1967 and once again will take over potternewton park for the august bank holiday weekend .
the third and final debate is upon us but donald trump has shown little interest in ditching the campaign trail for prep sessions .
according to cancer research uk some 41 , 000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer every year , but 10,700 will die of the disease , making it the fourth most common cause of cancer death - and second only to lung cancer in men .
the scale of the criminal operation has been detailed by the three sources , who say they were employed by two front - companies set up by a gang of professional fraudsters .
forbes said vergara 's role as gloria in modern family and some lucrative product endorsements helped her earn $ 43 m -lrb- # 32.6 m -rrb- in the last 12 months .
the firm said it had signed a letter of intent to enter into exclusive negotiations with liberty house group .
the 31-year - old , who left ospreys to join french top 14 side perpignan in 2011 , has agreed a three - year contract .
his grandmother offered him a plate of grapes , but she does n't remember whether faizan had it .
as mayo produced woeful shooting and derry keeper ben mckinless made several great saves , the visitors led by two with two minutes of normal time left .
the government and the doctors ' union have agreed to continue negotiating until wednesday .
days after news that flight ac759 from toronto was involved in a near - miss it has emerged just how close it came to crashing into four planes on a taxiway .
the former newcastle striker , 26 , was jailed for eight months in may after admitting online banking fraud .
the 39-year - old englishman has not played in a competitive match since the world championship quarter - finals in april , and has not entered next week 's uk snooker championship .
a monthly travelcard costs # 135 -lrb- $ 174 -rrb- , according to a deutsche bank report - # 33 -lrb- $ 43 -rrb- more than dublin , which was ranked second priciest city .
karen gooding
forster , who rejoined the club in july after 22 games on dual registration at haven earlier in his career , replaces sacked james coyle .
officers from police scotland alerted benbecula community council to the scam at a meeting of the council earlier this week .
wycombe face a 430-mile round trip to two - time winners blackpool , while league one strugglers coventry play brighton under-21s at the ricoh arena .
robert rainey , known as archie , is understood to have suffered a heart attack in one of the stands at about 18:00 local time .
for the month of september , the station will rotate the presenter on the 10:00 to 13:00 slot on saturdays and sundays .
the blanket ban , known as the criminal justice psychoactive substances act , was introduced five years ago .
the poland international was injured following a late challenge on his left knee by defender antony kay in tuesday 's 2 - 1 away win at mk dons .
hythe ferry runs between hythe and southampton , serviced by a train which runs along a 640 m -lrb- 2,000 ft -rrb- pier .
media playback is not supported on this device
but there were still many unanswered questions after that event .
she inveighed against a ` ` draconian policy of austerity '' that favoured ` ` globalised elites at the expense of the people '' .
royal mail predicts that on what it calls take - back tuesday there will be a rise of more than 50 % in returns against december 's daily average .
it should ` ` stand up to government and say we need legal change ... to strengthen governance , '' he said .
the best - selling author of fatherland and archangel said the corporation ` ` owes it to books to do what it used to do , which is to give something back '' .
michael d higgins will ask the council of state if the protection of life during pregnancy bill 's legality should be tested by the supreme court .
under the watchful eyes of heavily armed police , they streamed around the centre on foot , strolling up and down the re - opened boulevards of the ramblas .
prof les mayhew said the difference between the sexes peaked at nearly six years in the 1970s .
connor williams , 17 , and conor tiley , 18 , both from aberbargoed , died in a crash on new road , tir - y - berth , hengoed , on 3 january .
media playback is not supported on this device
the victims were farming in an area that was declared unsafe because of its close proximity to mount sinabung .
speaking to radio times magazine , paxman , 63 , said : ` ` if a chap ca n't shave on holiday , what can he do ?
hatton made eight birdies and three bogeys in his five - under - par 67 , while fitzpatrick carded a level - par 72 .
bissouma penned a professional deal with the northern club only in july 2016 , four months after joining the reserves from as real bamako .
sexist , racist and homophobic remarks were being used by pupils against school staff , as well as offensive comments about appearance , the nasuwt said .
most of the main streets are waterlogged , bringing the city to a standstill .
test your news knowledge with our 12 days of christmas news quizzes .
security minister james brokenshire set out the motion , which was passed unopposed in the house of commons on thursday .
williams , 25 , suffered the ankle injury during wales ' win over south africa .
the former london irish man , 29 , who can play in the second or back row , was injured in friday 's loss at newcastle .
northern ireland 's world number three is due to tee off with americans dustin johnson and rickie fowler at 02:45 gmt -lrb- 10:45 local time -rrb- on thursday .
a public consultation has opened on the new proposals , which include a single tower rather than two skyscrapers , for the jackson 's row area of the city .
the bbc 's ian pannell said the jihadists were putting up a hard fight .
joshua knocked out wladimir klitschko to add the wba world heavyweight title to his ibf crown at wembley stadium last weekend .
the employees , who worked in four takeaways , are alleged to have been living and working in the country illegally .
transactions carried out in european markets were previously recorded in luxembourg , with which amazon had a low - tax agreement .
conte 's move to stamford bridge was announced in april and he will take over when his italy contract expires at the end of this summer 's tournament .
the plane was flying over the amanos mountains in the southern province of osmaniye on monday when it lost radio contact , anatolia news agency said .
how a winemaker is taking on sicily 's rural mafia
allan stanley , 76 , of nefyn , was snorkelling around the island of gozo when he was hit on 19 june .
the popular game for mobile devices was removed from online stores on sunday by its vietnamese creator , who said its fame ` ` ruins my simple life '' .
the procedure involves holding down the falcon 9 on its launch pad and then igniting its merlin engines .
they have injected human stem cells into pig embryos to produce human - pig embryos known as chimeras .
but , swift of foot and imposing in stature , oliver burke is not only far from your stereotypical winger , he is no ordinary 19-year - old footballer .
the 32-year - old irishman is accused of striking dundee united striker aidan connolly in the face with his elbow .
but when paul gascoigne appeared on bt sport 's fletch and sav show , everyone listened , including russell .
eid al - fitr means : ` festival of the breaking of the fast ' and it is one of the biggest celebrations in the islamic year .
matthew morris , 29 , from chesterfield , derbyshire , travelled to hotels in glasgow between july and november 2013 to meet the 15-year - old girl .
early indications are of wide variations nationwide , with up to one in six missing out on their first choice of school in some areas .
sea watch said men from the speedboat boarded the dinghy and beat migrants with sticks , causing a ` ` mass panic '' .
the gang carried a handgun , a crowbar and a machete as they burst into the kirkcaldy home of dwayne kinner , who was with his cousin nicholas roberts .
burnley empire theatre defaulted to the care of the duchy of lancaster as an ` ` owner of last resort '' after the ownership could not be established .
lee novak put the spireites ahead , nodding in gboly ariyibi 's cross , for his 14th goal of the season before adam hammill 's deflected equaliser .
the missile reached an altitude of about 3,000 km -lrb- 1,865 miles -rrb- and landed in the sea off japan , the japanese national broadcaster nhk said .
andrew haldane said in a speech he was downbeat over the uk economy because of weaker global growth , low wage growth and financial and political risks .
under secretary of state patrick kennedy asked the bureau to unclassify the message so it could be archived , ` ` never to be seen again '' .
bbc radio 4 's file on 4 programme discovered 22 profiles belonging to men convicted of child sex offences , which included grooming a child on facebook and attempting to meet her for sex .
scottish fa regulations prohibit players from betting on any football .
the firm filed an application with the hong kong stock exchange on thursday in a bid to boost growth in one of the world 's fastest growing movie markets .
mr tshibala will be leader until presidential elections later this year .
mark gilmore was suspended in june 2014 by the county 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts in northern ireland .
the home side almost went behind when charlie austin went close with two headers and hit the post with a shot .
the social network has been using artificial intelligence software to scan satellite imagery and identify human - built structures .
the german shepherd , which belonged to cleveland police , was being exercised near to ormseby stables in eston when it bit a 28-year - old man .
19 july 2016 last updated at 12:42 bst
estimated figures from its federal statistical office said gross domestic product was 1.9 % higher last year than in 2015 .
police issued an alert after a complaint was made that two men were acting suspiciously near secondary schools in carrickfergus .
some australian states already have ` ` no jab , no play '' laws , but pm malcolm turnbull is calling for nationwide legislation .
operation anagram was formed by strathclyde police in 2006 after tobin raped and murdered 23-year - old polish student angelika kluk in glasgow .
those were the days , by the way , when phones were for making calls but all that was about to change .
it came the day after the remains of the boiler house were demolished and the search resumed for three men killed when the building partially came down .
general vladimir padrino tweeted that the ` ` leaders and masterminds of the paramilitary and terrorist assault '' had been arrested .
it is the second time the hooker has skippered the lions during the tour , having led them to a win over the chiefs .
the social network 's chief operating officer sheryl sandberg confirmed the decision to retain peter thiel during her appearance at the code conference .
two syrian nationals provided first aid to national democratic party -lrb- npd -rrb- member stefan jagsch who was injured in the accident in hesse state , dpa news agency said .
spending on the nhs should also be paid for by a dedicated tax marked on every payslip , the former health minister suggested .
chelsey lee , 26 , played for bucheon keb hana bank in the women 's korean basketball league -lrb- wkbl -rrb- , whose teams are allowed only two foreign players .
the device was discovered on foreglen road on wednesday morning following a telephone call to a local hospital .
republicans ambushed a mini - bus carrying the men at kingsmill in county armagh in 1976 and murdered them after checking what religion they were .
the classic adaptation , which opened on wednesday , is presented on a set designed like a victorian toy theatre .
heinrich boere , who is in a wheelchair , was taken by ambulance from his nursing home in germany to a prison hospital .
13 april 2016 last updated at 06:44 bst
hilary won the theakstons old peculier crime novel of the year award in harrogate on thursday .
annie woodland , 24 , who lived in essex , suffered brain damage in the incident at gloucester park pool in basildon .
mr trump said they did not discuss his plan to make mexico pay for the wall - a central plank of his campaign .
the man , 31 , approached police community support officers guarding a cordon in albert road in plymouth on thursday evening .
newport 's win over accrington sees the exiles leapfrog pools , putting them two points in front with two games remaining .
tom queally , 30 , from oak lodge , newmarket in suffolk was found asleep in his car in cheshire in march .
a man died after he was struck by a car on the n2 at balrath in county meath at 01:30 local time on sunday .
the 32-year - old had been in poor form but made a double century to inspire his side 's fightback after england made 629 - 6 declared in cape town .
the scottish champions fielded a makeshift side in the 4 - 0 reverse and rodgers was delighted with the 21-year - old he signed from manchester city .
you can watch the fa cup live on bbc one and the bbc sport website , with coverage starting at 16:15 bst on saturday .
no pope had resigned for 600 years .
the republican nominee 's latest outreach to black voters , at a north carolina rally , drew a swift backlash .
the 34-year - old , who had recently given birth , was found dead at her home in essex close in luton on 10 october .
germany forward linden , who was signed from frankfurt , nodded in from a kerys harrop cross to salvage a point .
city council leader lib dem simon cook will tell a conference an arena on the site of the old diesel depot site is a crucial part of the zone .
swansea came into the match without a win in six games and fell behind at villa park to a jordan ayew strike .
sadiq khan said lord toby harris of haringey would review the ` ` capability , capacity and collaboration arrangements of every london agency '' .
the response from many in that time has been : ` ` let 's get on with it . ''
staff at breckland council will not be paid in future for the time they take to have a cigarette after the proposals were given the go - ahead .
proposals for the upgraded tennis court at anmer house would see it moved from its current position to improve views from the hall .
archibald was on swindon town 's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies .
the spaniard , 23 , started on pole but slipped to fifth place after an early technical issue .
christopher adjei , 29 , of riversdale road , ramsgate , pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit a sexual offence and battery .
at least two overcrowded boats - with many women and children on board - were towed by local fishermen to the shores of aceh province on sunday .
murray , the first british man to reach a roland garros final since 1937 , hopes to add the french open to his victories at the us open and wimbledon .
gian - franco kasper , a swiss ski official , made the comparison during an ioc board meeting in pyeongchang .
a blogger posted screenshots suggesting a carmarthenshire councillor shared a facebook post by a far - right group .
an inquiry for ` ` attempted terrorist murder '' has been launched into saturday 's attack in charleroi .
but she has just won taiwan 's presidency and is steely in her belief that taiwan 's future should be determined by its people .
it was gobsmacking , unbelievable , enthralling and explosive throughout , featuring huge momentum swings and with outstanding individual performances in all three tests .
hadleigh parkes and gareth owen went over for the welsh side in the first half and scarlets were good value for their 15 - 9 lead at half - time .
8 december 2015 last updated at 15:51 gmt
the money for bridgwater community hospital is part of the coalition 's # 330 m investment for new nhs facilities across england .
16 february 2017 last updated at 10:01 gmt
the mediterranean gull and black - headed gull eggs were illegally harvested from from islands in poole harbour , dorset .
the school says the rule was introduced to respect students who are ` ` sensitive to noise '' but says the practice also ` ` reduces fidgeting '' .
mauritania , an islamic republic , has not applied a death penalty since 1987 .
a man lodged a complaint with the police ombudsman 's office for ni after the incident last year .
lara clarke , from brownhills , has previously made near - life - sized cakes of hollywood stars johnny depp and jennifer lawrence .
gb taekwondo have overlooked the world number one three times in favour of muhammad , ranked 59th in the world .
crickhowell high school approached powys council offering to manage the town 's library to benefit pupils and the community .
the rspb said 2,270 black - tailed godwits spent time on the island this spring , almost double the previous record of 1,320 in 2013 .
one was killed while resting in a hammock at a carwash .
he will make 19 speeches during his tour of kenya , uganda and the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- and they will probably address these issues :
there were about 19,000 diagnoses in 2015 , compared to about 17,300 in 2006 .
thousands of people took to the streets of the capital , freetown , at the stroke of midnight - marking 42 days without a single declared case of the disease .
twe , which owns brands such as wolf blass , rosemount and lindeman 's , is the world 's biggest listed winemaker .
rtÃ ‰ reports that a number of flights have been cancelled at cork airport and weather warnings are in place .
the 72-year - old , formerly of eliza street close , belfast faced 12 counts of child sex abuse .
online bookings for his ` ` dismaland '' exhibition were suspended last week after the attraction 's website crashed .
the ` ` large scale public order incident '' occurred at stapleford abbotts golf club , essex , on tuesday night .
media playback is not supported on this device
centre - back anderson , 27 , has cancelled his barrow contract by mutual consent to join their national league rivals .
the scottish premiership club have announced that the pair ` ` have agreed the termination of their loan period at rugby park by mutual consent '' .
the super league side have played at the ground , which is owned by bank of ireland , since 1895 .
lincolnshire partnership nhs foundation trust was criticised by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- in march 2015 .
the sergeant opened fire in june 2014 at his post near the north korean border and fled , sparking a manhunt .
27 june 2016 last updated at 16:41 bst
andrew bickel , 39 , was fixing a light at the catwel shop in cardiff two weeks ago when he nipped out to his van and returned to find his tools were gone .
the fbi seized computers and mobile phones from the home in october , after celebrities including jennifer lawrence had pictures stolen - apparently via a hack on their apple icloud accounts .
former education and welfare officer lucy ward told the tribunal she was ` ` bewildered '' at being dismissed after returning from bbc commentary duty at the 2015 women 's world cup .
it involves candidates hoping to become the world 's most prominent diplomat .
concerns had been raised by the pakistan cricket board over threats from hindu extremists , who attacked the offices of indian cricket 's governing body last year .
the 24-year - old was an injury - time substitute for the cherries in their 2 - 1 win at aston villa on saturday .
it had lost its mother and become stranded in shallow waters off the coast of mojacar in andalucia .
the 1962 document is said to be one of the most important contracts in popular music , marking the beginning of the band 's journey to international fame .
under the adverse conditions , rbs 's capital levels fell by 7.5 percentage points - the third biggest fall of the 51 banks tested .
the 22-year - old spent much of the 2015 - 16 season with the blues , making 22 league appearances .
the draft investigatory powers bill would place a legal duty on internet providers to assist in hacking devices .
deng zhengjia , in his 50s , died on wednesday in chenzhou city , hunan .
mark drakeford has already apologised for the scandal on the tawel fan ward at glan clwyd hospital , bodelwyddan .
davis has made 14 appearances for the cod army since joining on loan in october , and recently agreed to extend his stay until the end of the season .
jamie vardy 's crisp finish from a lightning break gave leicester the lead on 18 minutes - but he was then sent off after getting a second yellow card for diving when he tangled with angelo ogbonna early in the second half .
the pharmacies say that online drug retailers are putting customers at risk by failing to follow existing rules .
the 29-year - old , who plays on the right side of midfield , joins carrick from mid ulster league side crewe united .
vincent uzomah , who is 50 years old and understood to be supply teacher , was attacked at dixons kings academy at 08:55 bst .
the nottinghamshire golfer partnered masters champion danny willett on the sunday at augusta , then dustin johnson on the final day of the us open at oakmont .
the 16-year - old , who also plays age - grade football for her country , defeated 20-year - old elspeth young from kinross 11 - 4 , 5 - 11 , 11 - 6 , 12 - 10 .
the dutchman , 25 , led 6 - 5 before racing to victory and the # 60,000 first prize with five consecutive legs .
the plans for hopwas wood near tamworth have been submitted by lafarge tarmac to the county council .
killie thumped falkirk 4 - 0 to overturn a 1 - 0 first - leg deficit in the premiership play - off final second leg at rugby park .
councillors are to meet next week to consider bids to turn the hall into a food market or a hotel , with council officials backing the food hall plan .
the stones and bottles thrown and the hate banners displayed by borussia dortmund supporters on saturday exposed a widespread loathing in germany for a team seen as upstarts , rb leipzig .
we ' ve learned a lot about the end of the journey , the slave camps and mass graves in the jungles of thailand and malaysia .
officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend .
mr pistorius says he mistakenly shot his girlfriend reeva steenkamp through the door , believing she was a burglar , then broke it down with the bat .
a fault at the clydesdale bank machine in stewarton street , wishaw , meant customers received double the amount of money they keyed in .
jack walsh , from lisburn in county antrim , is hoping he will be one of the few to make it big .
media playback is not supported on this device
the all progressives congress -lrb- apc -rrb- won 19 of the 28 governor posts in results declared from saturday 's elections .
lord keen - the uk 's government 's advocate general - said triggering article 50 would not alter the ` ` essential structure '' of devolution .
the canal & river trust said the path at pontcysyllte aqueduct would close between 09:00 gmt and 15:00 from monday until 17 february .
they will be able to end tenancies , sometimes without a court order , when asylum requests fail , ministers say .
the marine conservation society said more than 8,000 bottles were picked up during its great british beach clean up in september , up 43 % on 2014 .
cia code that obscures malware 's origins was detailed in the latest release by the whistle - blowing site .
for the next three weeks the city will host the international festival , the fringe and the military tattoo .
the columnist told the newspaper last month that he had been diagnosed with the ` ` full english '' of cancers .
a statement from greaves 's family said the 75-year - old , who had a minor stroke in 2012 , had been taken ill on sunday .
london turned down the chance to host the grand depart , citing the cost of staging the event - reported to be about # 35 m - as the reason .
funding given to the charity , which collapsed in august , included at least # 28 m from the department for education , the national audit office said .
but he did not know the size of block grant coming from the treasury in london until george osborne 's autumn statement on 25 november .
ms evans , who is currently suspended from ukip , said she would ` ` very much like '' to run but a ` ` handful of people at the top '' had ensured she could not .
keates made over 150 league appearances for wrexham and captained the club to an fa trophy win in 2013 .
the body of lindsay rimer , 13 , was found in the rochdale canal five months after she disappeared in hebden bridge , west yorkshire , in november 1994 .
motd2 pundit alan shearer looks at the reasons why jose mourinho 's chelsea side won the premier league by such a convincing margin and explains why it will be hard to stop them achieving more success .
according to a committee in charge of policing the morality of iran 's football federation , sosha makani 's outfit was deemed inappropriate and against islamic values .
the decision to call off the match was taken at 12:35 gmt following an inspection at sportsdirect.com park where part of the league one club 's pitch was still frozen .
the charity said this was disproportionate to the sector 's size , which is 13 % of housing in scotland .
the victim was threatened with a knife and handed over a sum of money during the incident in windsor avenue .
conversations with arab and western sources make it clear there is a major unifying goal in these new discussions : to avoid the collapse of syria 's security forces and its civilian institutions .
france 's dubuisson carded a 67 to tie with overnight leader van zyl of south africa on 16 under par .
firefighters used a 30 ft -lrb- 9 m -rrb- ladder to bring them to safety in the ince area of wigan .
some 1.57 m sq km -lrb- 600,000 sq miles -rrb- of the southern ocean will gain protection from commercial fishing for 35 years .
the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency says young people are gambling with their health by using prescription medicines in a bid to get higher marks in exams .
mae ' r camau wedi eu cynnwys yn y mesur diddymu mawr , sy ' n amlinellu sut y bydd miloedd o ddeddfau ' r ue yn cael eu diddymu neu eu holynu .
the belgium international , 24 , changed the game from the bench but fell awkwardly in injury time .
media playback is not supported on this device
italian media say two families were living in the four - storey building that collapsed in torre annunziata district .
mercedes driver nico rosberg said parts of the track in the azerbaijani capital were ` ` really not looking good '' .
an iranian affiliated broadcaster said mp nadhim zahawi bought crude oil from the militant group and sold it to markets in israel and europe .
sam amin , 18 , fell into the river after a night out in bath last september .
at 05:00 the scotsman 's front page declared a ` ` historic victory for snp '' .
` ` the gritters are now travelling to various workshops for maintenance , just like getting a car serviced , '' said a highways official .
it is understood the former scottish first minister recently travelled to the trade club 's headquarters in switzerland .
swindale beck , near haweswater , was straightened to clear land for grazing , but the resultant faster flows washed gravel away , making it less easy for salmon and trout to spawn .
the redditch - based sigma financial group has opened an office in priory queensway , in the city .
sportscotland says it has yet to decide where the cuts will fall amid concerns that elite athletes could suffer .
caroline wootton - thomas , 49 , forged colleague 's signatures on cheques and transferred cash to a bank account she set up in her mother 's name .
the bird along with its dead mate was discovered at wemyss estate off standing stane road in kirkcaldy on saturday 19 march .
the former police captain ran a covert counter - insurgency unit that detained and killed anti - apartheid activists .
avon and somerset police closed the lower bristol road in bath at rackfield place outside the first depot after the crash at 03:00 gmt .
rachel fee , 31 , and her partner nyomi fee , 28 , are accused of murdering the two - year - old in march 2014 at a house near glenrothes , fife , and ill - treating two other boys .
the us president - elect 's transition team confirmed the acts would perform at the ceremony on 20 january .
i 'd been selected as one of 24 mid - career professionals from around the world to take up a rotary international peace fellowship .
health inspectorate wales said wrexham maelor hospital staff were under ` ` considerable pressure '' for long periods as ambulances waited outside .
a controversial firmware change made earlier this month meant hp printer owners using unofficial , usually cheaper , cartridges discovered they would no longer work .
inderjit singh dhariwal , 49 , was injured at samsons in rood end road , oldbury , in the early hours of sunday .
initial plans to bridge the river wharfe in tadcaster resulted in a stalemate after a local landowner refused permission .
researchers hope to learn how much it weighed , how it moved and what it used its iconic back plates for .
he has sent a business case to finance minister máirtín Ó muilleoir outlying how he intends to tackle the projected # 490 m overspend .
the sturtridge pavilion will be replaced by the barwell stand , a move which will increase the capacity of franklin 's gardens by 1,900 to accommodate more than 15,500 people .
konta continued her remarkable run with a 6 - 4 6 - 1 win over china 's zhang shuai in the quarter - finals and next faces german seventh seed angelique kerber .
martin godfrey said he had never supplied tesco and was surprised to find the picture being used on the firm 's website .
measuring 50 cm x 76 cm -lrb- 19.6 in x 30 in -rrb- , it was bought by a welshman living in england at rogers jones & co auctioneers in colwyn bay on saturday .
gen christophe gomart told a parliamentary commission in may that a ` ` partner agency '' warned of the plot by a brazilian islamist militant .
the england knights player made his tigers debut as a 16-year - old in 2008 , and went on to make 44 first - team appearances for them , scoring 16 tries .
the 1.8-tonne british bomb was found during construction work .
archery , fencing , weightlifting and wheelchair rugby have also missed out .
jack marriott beat two defenders before finishing to put the home side ahead , with paul benson adding the second with a low strike after the interval .
as the duo perform live in stockholm on saturday night , they will be cheered on by joe woolford 's friends and family in ruthin , denbighshire .
clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so they are available for testing at all times .
scott , whose victory chances were hit by a mechanical failure in the second race on friday , came fourth in the medal race to claim silver overall .
3 november 2014 last updated at 08:42 gmt
the hurlers of ruairí Óg cushendall have been backed to ` ` bring home '' an all - ireland title by hollywood hero liam neeson .
media playback is not supported on this device
the new westbound section of the m8 between newhouse and baillieston opened a week ahead of schedule .
gareth colfer - williams , 25 , died last week at his home in swansea , the city at the centre of an epidemic of the disease which has reached 942 cases .
the only french side in super league had lost their last five matches in a row including the 18 - 10 late defeat by huddersfield at magic weekend .
alexander sustained a broken cheekbone in the last week 's victory over former club rangers .
media playback is not supported on this device
rod ashley , chief executive of glasgow - based scotwest , will succeed jim lindsay who is retiring at the end of the year after 13 years at the helm .
the age uk review identified more than three million people aged over 65 with a care need , but found just two - thirds of them were actually getting help .
did n't mps vote against bombing syria a couple of years ago ?
chase signed for tigers until the end of the season on saturday , having left championship side leigh in may .
thanet district council said it was considering a 2 % rise in the authority 's part of the council tax .
the dolomedes plantarius spiderlings were released into suitable dykes at castle marshes between lowestoft and beccles on wednesday .
an administration oversight allowed us student sanmay ved to buy the right to control the domain on 29 september .
grimsby striker bogle saw his curling , left - footed free - kick tipped over the crossbar by jamie stephens before he opened the scoring after he burst past two defenders and had his shot deflected off elliot johnson and into the net .
police say they broke up the crowd of about 150 in the suburb of ferguson after being called to the scene of a disturbance after the curfew started .
attacking midfielder christensen , 22 , has played more than 50 games for the london side , but has not started a championship match this season .
the kidman cattle empire is australia 's largest landholding , encompassing some of the driest and toughest country australia has to offer .
keith stewart found that the loch goes to a depth of 889 ft -lrb- 270.9 m -rrb- on sonar equipment he uses .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the european commission says it is europe 's most comprehensive study so far of bee colony deaths .
fire crews were called to the property in lon tanyrallt , alltwen , near pontardawe , at 01:40 bst on wednesday .
ardit ferizi from kosovo pleaded guilty to charges of providing material support to america 's enemies , at a court hearing in virginia .
it is hoped the rnli camera will reduce the number of launches at porthcawl , in bridgend county , which had the second highest number for wales in 2015 .
a shocking claim , based on figures from the office of national statistics .
1 december 2016 last updated at 00:23 gmt
since late november , scotland 's five mountain resorts have attracted 373,782 customers .
royal berkshire fire authority announced on tuesday it would close pangbourne station as part of plans to help it save # 1.4 m .
the inaugural event - which is running until 5 november - features scores of local , national and international comedians , with tom stade among the headliners for the opening night .
mother - of - four joanne thompson , 33 , was found at her old mill court home in newtownards on wednesday by a relative .
the 18-year - old , who can play as a striker or winger , spent the first half of the campaign on loan with town 's league one rivals oxford united .
the prime minister has invited his german counterpart for a working dinner at his country residence , chequers .
firefighters were called to a blaze in kilmaurs road at 23:40 on saturday .
roger caffrey , 70 , was found guilty of three counts of rape and 12 counts of indecent assault in nottinghamshire from 1978 to 1994 .
dyddgu hywel , mel clay and sioned harries all crossed in the first eight minutes with alisha butchers ' try making it 24 - 0 at the break .
the 29-year - old terminated his contract with the o 's after the transfer window closed , and can not join another efl side until january .
more than 15,600 bank account numbers and sort codes were stolen , the company said .
the project was launched in grenada by the prince , who is on a 15-day tour of the caribbean .
police say 540,000 people rallied in barcelona , the capital of the region in north - east spain , while the rest gathered in four other catalan towns .
media playback is not supported on this device
the four - storey building in los cristianos , on the south of the island , collapsed at 09:30 local time -lrb- 08:30 gmt -rrb- , emergency officials said .
it 's clearly not the results .
conservative mp damian collins made the call after us media claims that former fifa executive chuck blazer recorded conversations with football officials at the london 2012 olympics .
the home secretary vowed to put the conservative party ` ` at the service '' of working people .
it follows ukip leader nigel farage 's comments on migrants using the nhs for hiv treatment costing Â # 25,000 per year .
scientists hope the material will reveal details about the formation of the planets , and improve our knowledge of how potentially dangerous space objects move through the solar system .
carl tremarco scored a well - worked goal on the break to give the visitors a half - time lead .
about 60 families were unable to get their child 's remains because of poor training and out - of - date equipment at council - owned emstrey crematorium , shrewsbury , between 1996 and 2012 .
sherri papini was still bound with restraints when she managed to flag down a car on thursday some 140 miles -lrb- 225 km -rrb- from where she was last seen .
the builder said it would construct 139 homes at duddingston park south , duddingston , and 165 at newcraighall village .
the group were convicted of tuesday of assaulting social worker and activist ken tsang as he took part in the 2014 pro - democracy rallies .
mike peters , lead singer of the alarm , is encouraging us congressmen and senators to ` get on the list ' on capitol hill on tuesday .
the disease is caused by the immune system destroying the cells that control blood sugar levels .
andrew platten , 55 , from bingley , died at the scene in cottingley cliffe road in the town on tuesday.ã $ $
david jones told mps tories campaigned in the 2015 general election on the basis of a referendum and not having one would be ` ` disrespectful '' to people .
the synalpheus pinkfloydi uses its large pink claw to create a noise so loud it can kill small fish .
jenny rathbone said some tenants were charged ? ?
several thousand people filed through independence square , still full of barricades and memorials to more than 80 people killed last month by snipers .
it reveals that those aged 60 and over are the fastest growing population in english and welsh prisons , with an increase of 146 % between 2002 and 2014 .
two hundred and sixty people have already been convicted .
two men , aged 23 and 24 , had a noxious substance thrown over them at 19:00 bst on tuesday on roman road , bethnal green , east london .
the union announced in august that glasgow warriors boss townsend would replace cotter in june .
ferry operator condor said a mezzanine ramp was fixed and the vessel departed at about 10:10 bst .
a tractor laden with explosives was driven at a military police station , a statement said .
it will sell investments worth # 12 m in firms where more than 10 % of revenue comes from extracting thermal coal or the production of oil from tar sands .
remortgaging loans approved in july hit the highest level for nearly seven years , the bank of england data show .
liam henderson opened the scoring with a terrific free - kick before john mcginn increased the lead against his former club .
onlookers said the men were prisoners but this has yet to be confirmed .
barcelona forward messi , 29 , made his decision in june after missing a penalty in the shootout as argentina lost to chile in the copa america , a fourth major final loss in nine years .
the right - wing afd party , formed only three years ago , came second in the chancellor 's home state of mecklenburg - west pomerania , polling 21 % .
patrick joseph connors said michael hughes was allowed to eat with the family and use their swimming pool .
media playback is not supported on this device
the film , the danish girl , is based on the life of elbe - a transgender woman who was born in the 1880s in denmark .
shared hallways and easily accessible rental properties mean tenants ' details are easier to steal , according to credit reference agency experian .
paceman milnes , 22 , was part of the team that clinched the 2012 county championship after signing in 2011 .
he said tory conference announcements on immigration had been ` ` disturbing , sinister and beneath contempt '' .
goals in each half proved enough for marcus bignot 's mariners , who had gone into the game on the back of defeats to crawley , portsmouth and doncaster .
mr weah got 78 % of the vote for the montserrado county seat , which includes the capital monrovia .
county londonderry man smyth , 25 , is continuing his preparations for the paralympics in london where he will defend his t13 100 m and 200 m titles .
for 75-year - old south korean grandfather chan jae , it meant embracing the new and unfamiliar world of social media .
senior police officials in sangli district said the remains were ` ` buried with the intention of disposing them '' .
born at alltnacaillich , strathmore in 1714 , rob donn could not read or write and dictated his poetry from memory in later life .
pembroke v bready
in order to assess the important question of whether the big contractors , serco , g4s , atos and capita , are making excessive profits from their Â # 4bn of annual business with the public sector , the government 's spending watchdog had to rely to a great extent on information volunteered to them by the four .
the list is a countdown of the year 's most popular songs voted for by listeners of the alternative music station .
it found children of minority families do not get enough support to learn cantonese - putting them behind in school and causing long - term problems in the jobs market .
12 june 2017 last updated at 15:24 bst
sturrock has nearly an entire team of injured players with 10 of his first - team squad doubtful for saturday 's league two game against wimbledon .
the us investment bank will switch to video interviews with first - round undergraduate candidates from next month .
it 's a type of battery called lithium - sulphur , which - in theory - could have five times the energy density of the lithium - ion forms in wide use today .
the slovak showed great determination to beat russian svetlana kuznetsova 1 - 6 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 2 -rrb- 6 - 4 .
among those arrested were six suspects in italy , four in britain , and three in norway .
internet - connected cars will improve in - car entertainment , and be able to help with crash alerts and diagnosing engine problems .
actresses including meryl streep , sally field , sandra bullock and cameron diaz saluted the 76-year - old oscar - winner at thursday 's event in hollywood .
the 23-year - old joined qpr from swindon in may but he has only made three appearances for the championship club .
john jackson worked in the witham - based criminal justice mental health team when concerns were raised about his internet use in 2013 .
the rollright stones is made up of three neolithic and bronze age megalithic monuments , high on the oxfordshire - warwickshire border .
inverness - born gillan 's big break came when she was cast as doctor who companion amy pond .
the robot sucked the air into its big sample analysis at mars -lrb- sam -rrb- instrument to reveal the concentration of different gases .
the plans for the development on the hatchfield farm estate in newmarket , suffolk , had been approved by forest heath district council .
farmers , conservationists and the rspb have worked together to preserve the breeding habitat in fields that has helped the stone curlew survive .
up to six shots were fired at police during a third night of violence in north belfast on tuesday .
the row of huts on mablethorpe promenade will be ` ` rejuvenated and enhanced '' with the money .
roger hamer , died from head injuries , a month after the accident on bury new road , ramsbottom , in march 2016 .
a total of three devices from the two companies contain cells with 4,000 milliamp - hour -lrb- mah -rrb- capacities .
in a letter to all party leaders , the equality and human rights commission expresses concern about hate attacks that have taken place since the uk voted to leave the eu in june .
the 50 m -lrb- 150 ft -rrb- pylons would run from carlisle to heysham , lancashire , to connect a new Â # 10bn nuclear power plant at moorside , sellafield , to the grid .
the dup mp said those arguing to stay in the eu were raising concerns over border operations and border posts if a uk exit happened .
this is the stuff of donald trump 's dreams , only his wall would be bigger and better of course , not to mention longer , stronger and vastly more expensive .
those selling the illicit weapons often disassembled and sent them in different packages or embedded them in old stereos or printers , the report found .
ronald dickens , 47 , followed a woman in her 20s into newbold road in rugby in november 1985 before dragging her into a lane and raping her .
wales ' first major tournament appearance in 58 years sees them draw in the same group as england with the two nations meeting on 16 june in lens .
a counter at thepiratebay.se showed a countdown to 1 february , but it appears to have come back online a day early .
the train was carrying a flammable , toxic substance called acrylonitrile when it came off the rails near maryville , just outside knoxville .
in 1975 , the labour prime minister harold wilson asked the country if it should stay or exit the european economic community -lrb- eec -rrb- -lrb- common market -rrb- .
the region 's chief operating officer says the claims of head coach sean holley and forwards coach jonathan humphreys will also be assessed .
the british film institute 's sight and sound magazine polls a selected panel once a decade and citizen kane has been its top pick for the last 50 years .
the 39-year - old , from ammanford in carmarthenshire , revealed the news live on bbc one 's the one show on thursday evening but has yet to reveal the name .
solly msimanga , from the opposition democratic alliance -lrb- da -rrb- , said the vehicles would instead be given to a police anti - hijack unit .
the 32-year - old knows coleman 's side will be tough to beat having improved hugely since two defeats by serbia in the last world cup qualifying campaign .
the 22-year - old played for yeovil in the 2012 - 13 season and briefly last term , but has been studying at rider university for the past four years .
the 82-year - old was threatened by two masked men who came to the door of his home in gillies lane , baillieston , at 22:15 on thursday .
schooling , 21 , won in an olympic record time of 50.39 seconds .
the 22-year - old has played for the auckland blues development side as well as northland in the itm cup .
seven riders in the peloton crossed with the safety barrier down , but were not sanctioned for breaking race rules .
kim clark , from kinross , died after being hit the car outside an address in south street , milnathort , on tuesday .
wa - ays dhaye , 18 , died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked in thurston street , slough , in august .
alsop has admitted being ` ` quite shocked that it can be 2013 and there can still be firsts for women '' .
mr straw introduced the act in 2000 but his place on a panel examining its work has been criticised by campaigners .
he died at his home in cambridge following an illness lasting several months , a statement on his website said .
bournemouth 's 3 - 2 win over swansea on saturday leaves them 13 points clear of the premier league drop zone .
inside was an old and decaying roll of film .
ali , the three - times heavy weight boxing champion , passed away after being admitted to hospital in phoenix arizona with a respiratory illness .
about 10 hotels , pubs and club houses were also closed , officials said .
poorer indians who have no proof to offer of their existence will leapfrog into a national online system , another global first , where their identities can be validated anytime anywhere in a few seconds .
eight years ago , families living in the coastal cham fishing villages of kampot province managed a small coup - they won back fishing rights for the community from the cambodian government .
the snp 's foreign affairs spokesman was not in the house of commons to hear prime minister david cameron make his argument for air strikes .
natalie towers , 24 , of adams street , shildon , county durham , had earlier admitted a charge of administering poison with intent to procure a miscarriage while 32 - 34 weeks pregnant .
the alliance for national parks cymru , which includes a number of conservation bodies , said it risks diminishing their international standing .
berlin was seemingly bathed in yellow as the fanatical dortmund fans travelled to watch their coach , who helped them to two league titles , try to end his tenure on a high .
daphne koller , president of coursera , said the necessary technology was available but universities had been hesitant about their ` ` reputation '' .
indonesian jazz pianist joey alexander is the youngest performer ever to be nominated for the prestigious music award .
voyage of time , nocturnal animals and les beaux jours d'aranjuez will vie with 17 others for the golden lion .
the concrete and steel arch will eventually cover the remains of the reactor which lost its roof in a catastrophic explosion in 1986 .
first one of the yazidi women started crying , then one of her friends .
fuel pods were left at the junction of cumsons road and tullygeasy road .
thomas buckett , now 21 , fell 15 ft -lrb- 4.5 m -rrb- through a skylight at clayton hall business and language college , staffordshire , in may 2010 .
former milan station chief robert lady had been released and had boarded a us - bound flight , said american officials .
many of the dead were young boys who were in a trophy ceremony hit by the bomber , himself said to be a teenager .
the jury praised ahmed mansoor for regularly raising concerns about arbitrary detention , torture and degrading treatment in the gulf state .
the blaze , which broke at an address in west hill road , st leonards , just after 17:30 gmt on thursday , is being treated as unexplained .
the draft document now in the public domain had a very limited circulation .
the windsor attraction has been busy during half term .
the home office decided to halt the detained fast track -lrb- dft -rrb- system amid concerns over safeguards , particularly for ` ` vulnerable applicants '' .
the announcement follows a series of drone crashes that made the company recall its much anticipated karma aircraft .
the first half of the glasgow school of art building was completed in 1899 .
the 27-year - old joined the french top 14 club in 2015 and was a member of the side which beat quins in the european challenge cup final in may .
traditionally it 's always been much less good at keeping secrets .
the building is to be developed on a site between longman road and burnett road to the north of burnett road police station .
those who saw a drop in enquiries last month outnumbered those who saw a rise by 22 % .
ms suu kyi failed to persuade the military to allow a clause barring her from the presidency to be overruled .
plans include renovating the hidden theatre , dating back to 1875 , to use for plays , films , comedy and music .
character actor wallach - who began his film career in 1956 after 10 years on stage - was admired for his wide range in a career spanning six decades .
he was at last year 's event , then he came to a pre - election rally here at a time when the polls said he was neck - and - neck with ed miliband .
the original game was postponed on 26 november because of a frozen pitch .
the # 1.471 bn spent shooting movies like star wars : the force awakens and avengers : age of ultron in 2014 represents a 35 % increase on 2013 .
media playback is unsupported on your device
mark davey , 33 , from luton , died from severe head and brain injuries after his audi hit a roundabout on the a6 at wixams , bedfordshire , last september .
it is the second estimate for gdp growth from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
de gea , 24 , reportedly wants to move to real madrid with speculation over his future persisting all summer .
it comes as a documentary , the betrayed girls is being shown on bbc one about nine asian men jailed for grooming teenage girls in the town in 2012 .
cotton , 22 , has played 17 first - class matches since his debut in 2014 and featured regularly in white - ball cricket this season .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 24-year - old , who turned down the offer of a new crewe deal , becomes walsall 's second summer signing , following the arrival of fellow 24-year - old luke leahy from falkirk .
if the same rule applies to pop stars , then lion babe have their future guaranteed .
the plan , likely to come into force in 2017 and the first in the uk , has already divided opinion among health and medical groups , including some anti - smoking campaigners .
the undisclosed fee for the 20-year - old , who has 10 caps for his country , is more than the # 175,000 paid for birmingham city 's alan buckley in 1979 .
the dress , studded with 6,000 natural white pearls , was taken from the london hotel in west hollywood while nyong ' o was out of the room .
shorter nhs waiting times , free care for the elderly and improved school standards were among the policies unveiled by leader leanne wood .
under an informal rotating principle , the ninth secretary general should be an eastern european .
the man died at the scene on cottingley cliffe road , bingley , west yorkshire , shortly after 19:34 bst on tuesday .
akin koc , who has run anatolian sky in solihull for 26 years , said terror attacks had had a ` ` devastating effect '' on the company .
security was tight , with police sealing off lahore 's biggest christian neighbourhood and submitting those attending to security checks .
janet commins ' body was found near a school field in flint , north wales , by three children playing hide and seek .
one of the uprising 's leaders said the soldiers were ` ` ready to fight '' if attacked .
the 24-year - old forward , who never made a first - team appearance for the reds , has been without a club since leaving scottish side kilmarnock last year .
the liberal democrat chief secretary to the treasury aims to introduce a new offence for firms that fail to act to prevent economic crime .
the microscope and its revelations , by dr william b carpenter , was borrowed by former pupil professor arthur boycott , who attended hereford cathedral school between 1886 and 1894 .
bus use has been falling across the uk since 2008 but the drop has been sharpest in wales .
opponents fear the development on the site in hermitage lane , allington , will destroy ancient woodland and cause traffic gridlock .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the 26-year - old was released by york city after failing to score in 14 appearances last season .
the president - elect has said mrs trump and barron will move to washington ` ` very soon , after he 's finished with school '' , but has not put an actual date on the move .
the adapted artwork for the sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band album is worth about ? ?
ray dare died when his bike and a van were involved in a collision on the a41 ashton clinton bypass , near aylesbury , buckinghamshire , at about 14:45 bst on wednesday .
gatland won a first clean sweep in his maiden six nations as coach in 2008 after wales ' disappointing 2007 world cup display .
compared with other european countries , many apprenticeships are low quality and too short , the sutton trust warns .
the nhs information centre data shows more than eight out of 10 newborns are now breastfed at least once after birth , up from six out of 10 in 1990 .
scottish hydro - electric transmission ltd , a division of energy giant sse , submitted the ` ` needs case '' as part of the planning process for the cable .
os oes ganddoch chi awr i sbario y penwythnos yma ionawr 28 - 30 mae cymdeithas gwarchod adar rspb cymru eisiau eich help chi .
the 34-year - old will sign a permanent deal until the end of the season in january when the transfer window opens .
at the top , but not in the inner circle .
top - seed kerber , 29 , who also lost to belinda bencic at the fed cup earlier this month , hit 38 unforced errors as the world number 73 dominated .
the as - yet - untitled book will appear in 2013 , the 60th anniversary of the super - spy 's first literary outing , in ian fleming 's casino royale .
internet service providers had until tuesday to implement the ban .
giving evidence to the iraq inquiry , baroness manningham - buller said the action had radicalised ` ` a few among a generation '' .
just as the fighting for mosul moved from east to west over the course of many months , the iraqi military is now moving westwards towards the syrian border .
media playback is not supported on this device
smoke bombs were let off and bricks thrown as police turned out in force to oversee hundreds of far - right demonstrators marching through town .
crews were called to the incident at about 17:00 on friday .
they were arrested last week by police investigating dissident republican activity in the area .
media playback is not supported on this device
mr dutton has accused the guardian and australian broadcasting corp .   -lrb- abc -rrb- of ` ` trivialising '' allegations relating to treatment of asylum seekers .
police found kevin malthouse in blackshots lane , grays , in the early hours of saturday morning following reports of a group of men fighting .
the high court granted the adjournment after hearing a share purchase agreement was due to be completed , which meant hmrc would receive # 1.4 m.
archbishop of westminster vincent nichols said christians were the most persecuted people , but few of them would receive sanctuary in the uk .
david mackintosh , conservative mp for northampton south , announced his decision ahead of a local party meeting where his candidacy was expected to be opposed .
avon and somerset police wants to raise the cost of the course from # 80 to # 95 to help pay for its road policing unit .
the taiwanese firm , also known as foxconn technology , posted a net profit of nt$ 37bn -lrb- $ 1.2 bn ; Â # 814 m -rrb- in the october to december quarter .
media playback is not supported on this device
the leftist syriza government 's surprise decision to call that vote scuppered its bailout talks with eurozone ministers .
more than 30 firefighters helped to tackle the blaze on great eastern street in shoreditch from 03:45 bst .
the network will comprise at least 600 spacecraft in the first instance , but could eventually encompass more than 2,000 .
bbc wales sport understands the gills made an enquiry for byrne , before edinburgh changed his mind over a player he brought to rodney parade .
the welsh amateur boxing association -lrb- waba -rrb- says the audit found no evidence of fraudulent activity ,
dave robins from swanley , kent , leased non - emergency ambulances to coperforma , which was stripped of its sussex patient transport contract on tuesday .
the man , of 23 , is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving over the collision on the a500 at about 04:45 bst .
after katie zelem 's first - minute opener for liverpool , goals from karen carney , fran kirby , drew spence and eniola aluko put chelsea 4 - 1 up at half - time .
the 14-time major champion , playing in his first full pga tour event for almost 18 months , carded a level - par second round of 72 , but missed the cut by four shots after his first - round 76 .
k prithika yashini , who was born male but underwent gender reassignment surgery , applied to become a police sub - inspector in the southern state .
coleman , who led his side to the euro 2016 semi - finals , said the 2018 world cup will be his last as wales boss .
the tie - up , announced in march , is expected to be completed by the end of this year or early 2017 .
media playback is not supported on this device
the holders won eight straight races to triumph 9 - 8 after being docked two points for cheating in the build - up .
brock turner , 21 , who was a swimming champion , assaulted the woman outside a stanford university fraternity house .
the winger ran from his own half to score a dramatic counter - attack goal .
he told fox news : ` ` i think president obama 's behind it because his people are certainly behind it '' , but added : ` ` i also think it 's just politics . ''
figures show the number of women taking their holy vows has trebled in the past five years , from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year - the highest number since 1990 .
mcclean , who was recently released by nottingham forest , was on trial with the perth outfit in the last few weeks of the 2016 - 17 campaign .
colour sgt martyn horton , l / cpl david ramsden , pte douglas halliday and pte alex isaac all died after the crash in helmand on 23 june , 2010 .
deaths rates from heart disease between 2004/05 and 2013/14 dropped by 43 % , according to official figures .
the interior of the saab 340 that flies to and from orkney was stripped out and renewed and the exterior repainted at a cost of almost # 270,000 .
media playback is unsupported on your device
six - month - old molly - mae wotherspoon was fatally attacked by an american pit bull named bruiser at a house in daventry in october 2014 .
he was elected with 571 votes , ahead of michael henderson and david noakes with 184 and 109 votes respectively .
an ultra low emission zone in london for the most polluting cars will come into force in april 2019 and reports say other cities will follow suit .
the man said he found the metal object floating on a remote river in the municipality of salinopolis .
he spoke after a crisis meeting in brussels about the global steel glut that was attended by 30 countries .
the nurses were flown back on saturday morning on a special air india flight .
the nfl had banned brady for allegedly colluding to deflate balls during a play - off game , but on friday a us judge ruled it had ` ` legal deficiencies '' .
after thunderstorms ended play prematurely on friday , poulter completed the remaining four holes of his second round in one under .
the card , dated september 25 1986 , dropped through the letterbox of gethin davies from bonymaen .
the duchess of cambridge 's sister took civil court action against a ` ` person or persons unknown '' after her account was said to have been hacked .
charlie austin 's sixth - minute penalty appeared to have saints in control , with hull offering little in the way of an attacking threat .
the met office said the reading had been registered at heathrow - breaking the previous record set in 2006 .
the 69-year - old also managed the blues on a temporary basis for the final three months of the 2008 - 09 campaign .
the 26-year - old was linked with tottenham in the summer but manager alan pardew says palace received no bids for him .
pontio at bangor university was due to open in september and is largely being paid for with public funds .
but many of the people using the health service in england or northern ireland on monday morning may not have noticed a huge difference .
the former barcelona and ajax forward died of cancer , aged 68 , on thursday .
anagha nikam was travelling by rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her baby daughter .
mr mcilhagga , 42 , was killed by a masked gang outside a house at riverview park in ballymoney , county antrim , on 3 january .
the repeal bill , published earlier , is also facing opposition from labour and other parties in the commons .
police say they are investigating allegations of a secret price - fixing arrangement by companies who organise the trips for students .
bristol crown court heard christopher daldorph , 45 , spent up to two hours a day over 14 years viewing the material .
the social mobility and child poverty commission says these firms draw from a small pool of graduates , who probably went to private or selective schools .
batsman root is the favourite to take over from alastair cook , who stepped down on monday after a record 59 tests .
martyn graham , 58 , also seriously injured two other motorists in the crash of the a421 bedford bypass on 12 january 2016 .
victory in the cold war made it the hegemon in a unipolar world .
gerard kevin hughes , 29 , and gavin martin hughes , 31 , who are both from springfield park in belfast , appeared in court alongside their older brother joseph christopher hughes , 35 , from the meadows in downpatrick .
megan huntsman , 40 , was arrested a year ago after the bodies were found in cardboard boxes in the garage of her former house .
the ad - part of a government - funded anti violence campaign - holds a special significance at the time when many worry that an overflow of mexico 's drug violence could soon hit this small central american nation .
police were called to the biffa depot in avonmouth at 11:00 bst on friday after being alerted by staff to possible remains at one of the units .
a new crossing is needed as part of transport scotland 's Â # 3bn project to make the road dual carriageway all the way between inverness and perth .
in england , only schools with academy status are allowed to form trusts to sponsor weaker schools .
the 26-year - old was sent off for a foul on gaston ramirez during the 1 - 1 draw against middlesbrough on saturday .
the app samples wireless signals to see if data is flowing uninterrupted from routers to phones and tablets .
the hammersmith and city line has been suspended between edgware road and hammersmith over fears debris could fall on to the tracks .
wallace 's name might not have the same cachet as keegan , dalglish or rush but his place in liverpool history is unassailable - he scored the club 's first european goal .
last month , pistorius began serving a five year prison sentence for the culpable homicide of reeva steenkamp , although he could be out in 10 months .
the sana news agency said the military had ` ` restored security and stability to the neighbourhood of khalidiya '' .
gwent police was called to the incident near raglan services at about 11:30 bst on sunday .
the news means the wbo belt would not be on the line if ibf heavyweight champion anthony joshua of britain and wladimir klitschko agree to fight .
the slovenia under-21 international has joined on a free transfer after leaving italian side ascoli .
birmingham - based west midlands police constables wahid husman , 48 , and tahsib majid , 36 , used their roles to conspire to steal quantities of class a and b drugs , the force said .
cwm taf health board and macmillan cancer support are seeking planning permission at the llantrisant site .
it is still one of the poorest countries in the world , with an estimated third of the population earning less than $ 1 -lrb- 63p -rrb- a day , but the country also has one of the world 's fastest growing economies .
duchenne muscular dystrophy affects around 120 families in wales but the only uk centres are in england .
dawn clements urged people to get vaccinated after the death of england and birmingham city footballer jeff hall from the disease in 1959 .
the 30-year - old played for the county in 2011 and helped them reach the final of the domestic t20 competition and the champions league semi - finals .
officials at grade ii listed guildford cathedral said last year it was at risk because of deteriorating plasterwork , which contained asbestos .
susilo bambang yudhoyono said it was a ` ` hurtful action '' and that australia had ` ` belittled '' the row .
the 34-year - old england international , who scored 15 league goals last season , has signed a three - year deal .
the pound jumped by 0.85 % , or more than one euro cent , to â ‚ ¬ 1.4072 , although against the dollar the pound was down 0.26 % at $ 1.5783 .
police in arkansas wish to unlock an iphone and ipod belonging to two teenagers accused of killing a couple , according to the associated press -lrb- ap -rrb- .
it was the school 's 18th title , won with the help of some 4,300 participants in the sumptuous parade .
the claims against the agricultural commodities trader were made in a report by mighty , a us - based environmental lobby group .
president barack obama said it was a ` ` step towards a more normal and productive relationship '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 29-year - old striker arrived on wearside last week and made his debut before his first training session in saturday 's 3 - 0 defeat by st johnstone .
adams will make her professional debut in manchester on saturday when she fights argentina 's virginia carcamo .
officers were called to leith walk at about 06:00 following reports about a man with a neck injury .
that the uk is still ` bold ' but ` dependable ' , ` outward looking ' and a bastion of free trade .
the glutinous dish is a part of many people 's celebration of new year .
exports of the fish jumped more than 53 % by value to # 408 m , the food and drink federation -lrb- fdf -rrb- said .
the independent police complaints commission said there were six fatal police shootings between april 2016 to march 2017 , up from three in 2015/16 .
the court in novorossiysk gave two of the dancers 10 days in jail each , a third 15 days and two others received fines on charges of petty hooliganism .
daniel jason shepherd , 23 , from skewen , neath port talbot , pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of jonathon robert thomas , 34 , who died following an incident on princess way in november .
well the first part of it , that there are no commitments in the manifesto that require additional borrowing , is binding up until may 7 - in the sense that labour is not offering goodies to voters without saying what services or benefits will be cut or which taxes will be increased to pay for those goodies .
annie besala ekofo , 53 , and bervil kalikaka - ekofo , 21 , were found dead in east finchley on thursday .
she told the sun her three rivals were all ` ` continuity miliband '' candidates who would not connect with aspirational low and middle income voters .
culture minister helen grant told mps their future was ` ` unresolved '' and bookmakers must take immediate action to increase protection for players .
3 october 2016 last updated at 13:34 bst
the 50-year - old dubliner won two league titles with the crues in 1995 and 1997 and began his managerial career at seaview before taking charge of several league of ireland clubs .
the firm will resume in - house domestic vinyl production at a japanese factory south - west of tokyo by march 2018 .
state house speaker thom tillis defeated mark harris and greg brannon , who were seen as insurgent candidates .
after last year 's test which focused on a collapse in house prices in the uk , this year 's test will have a more international flavour .
simmons , 52 , was suspended in september for questioning the continued omissions of dwayne bravo and kieron pollard .
media playback is not supported on this device
part of the road from the west circular road to lanark way had been cordoned off since early on tuesday afternoon .
bethany haines also told itv news that she hoped her father 's body would be returned to his family .
us experts found b3 , also known as nicotinamide , boosts the ability of immune cells to kill staphylococcus bacteria .
the united airlines flight ua2081 took off from edinburgh airport at 14:22 but declared a second emergency a short time later .
nazanin zaghari - ratcliffe was sentenced to five years for allegedly plotting to topple the government in tehran .
mr garner will join nationwide in spring 2016 to replace current chief executive graham beale , who is retiring .
the west midlands officer and two other men are being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 27-year - old had been set for a rematch with nate diaz , who beat him in their welterweight fight in march , at the las vegas event in july .
a total of 1,400 tickets have sold out for the opening weekend at bramall hall in stockport , greater manchester after renovation work began in 2014 .
we are aware that this interactive video may not work on some older browsers .
britain remained firmly opposed to any move towards creating an eu army , sir michael fallon said , as it would simply undermine nato .
it was a ` ` good opportunity '' and ` ` a chance to work together , '' a top western sahara official told the bbc .
the 35-year - old 's mercedes was stopped by police after it almost hit a lorry in north london on 20 december .
the game is england 's first competitive match since their tame world cup exit .
khieu samphan , the former head of state , and nuon chea , pol pot 's deputy , are already on trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity .
a bomb exploded after being thrown at coalisland police station on 26 march 1997 .
saunders has left wrexham after three years to succeed sean o'driscoll at doncaster rovers .
28 december 2015 last updated at 20:11 gmt
but one nation , russia , was missing .
stamp duty would raise less money per head in wales than the rest of the uk , the wales governance centre claims .
they say 40 % of coral has died at the dongsha atoll in the south china sea .
total catches of cod , haddock and plaice have been increased , the scottish government said .
the location is central but insalubrious - squashed between fast - food shops at the scruffy end of nemanjina street , within sight of the city 's main railway station .
pakistan 's telecoms regulator said the ban was no longer necessary because google , which owns youtube , had now launched a pakistan - specific version .
reporters gavin sherriff and darryl smith worked for the dundee - based sunday post , which closes its london office on friday .
belgium 's gianni meersman sprinted to victory , while darwin atapuma retained his overall lead despite being one of the riders caught behind the collision .
the teenager , who can not be named for legal reasons , attacked gwen louden in the court 's foyer in january .
she will become the new bishop of stockport .
crabtree & evelyn said distribution and packaging services at its pontyclun distribution centre will be taken over by a northampton - based provider from april 2017 .
sam boulton , 26 , was hit by a van at about 13:20 bst on 27 july on london road .
17 december 2016 last updated at 12:26 gmt
the council for science and technology -lrb- cst -rrb- wants ` ` public good '' gm varieties to be grown and tested in the uk .
the manx rider , 24 , finished 22nd on the final time trial to top the general classification by 12 seconds ahead of his team sky team - mate dario cataldo .
watford 's etienne capoue scored early in the second half , but freddie hinds and bobby reid responded for city .
a department for international trade report shows 5,443 new posts were created in 2015 - 16 - a 7 % increase on the previous financial year .
the catalan regional parliament has voted to start the secession process , but prime minister mariano rajoy has gone to the constitutional court to suspend the resolution .
renfe chief julio gomez - pomar was speaking to a parliamentary panel about the crash near santiago de compostela .
as the economist paul krugman put it , it was as if europeans were holding up a sign which read ` ` time to stage a run on your bank '' .
it says the current tv deals saw premier league clubs generate # 3.3 bn record revenues in 2014 - 15 , up by 3 % .
` ` of course i would n't rule that out , but that 's not for now , '' he told the bbc 's newsnight .
a ruling will allow users and expert analysts to carry out repairs .
an amsterdam judge told the tech firm to release internet and email addresses , phone numbers and names related to four reviewers , one of whom assumed the identity of a dead woman .
south africa - born berg suffered the injury while playing against nottinghamshire in barbados .
he was speaking in a bbc interview in which he paid tribute to the queen on the eve of her 90th birthday .
watson , 56 , will work alongside mark mcghee as assistant to scotland manager gordon strachan .
polling stations opened their doors at 07:00 bst and will close at 22:00 .
media playback is not supported on this device
police said the vulnerable man was targeted by two ` ` despicable individuals '' in east kilbride on friday night .
the anti - is group raqqa is being slaughtered silently said a water pumping station had been hit , along with the taj hall and furousiya area .
type 22s hms cumberland , hms campbeltown , hms chatham and hms cornwall are currently moored in portsmouth harbour .
he was speaking after crowds in tehran cheered negotiators who had agreed to curb some of iran 's nuclear activities in return for sanctions relief .
marginally missing the grades needed , or even getting much better results than expected , can throw everything into turmoil .
the carnival triumph docked in mobile , alabama , at 21:15 -lrb- 03:15 gmt friday -rrb- .
dear alison
pepsico said in march it was consulting about plans to close the peterlee factory to help it make ` ` productivity and efficiency savings '' in the uk .
the discovery of the town lying along a hill - slope near winterborne kingston has been described as ` ` extremely significant '' by archaeologists .
he was a surprise choice to lead the fifa investigation , and ruffled feathers at football 's governing body .
the african nation took a first - minute lead , but grealish quickly levelled .
because of the extraordinary c .
the reverend gavin ashenden , a senior clergyman in the church of england , left his position as chaplain in order to be free to criticise the move .
the world champions routed wales 46 - 6 in saturday 's final test , wales ' heaviest loss for nine years and their 29th in a row against the all blacks .
bielik , 17 , who underwent his medical at arsenal last week , signed for legia from their polish rivals lech poznan in july and has made six appearances in all competitions this season .
it was only the scots ' first match , but the history of this competition is not littered with teams who got off to losing starts and then recovered to qualify for the knockouts .
the hardware retailer 's fourth quarter sales rose 9.5 % to almost $ 21bn -lrb- Â # 14.9 bn -rrb- between november and january compared with the same period in the previous year .
i feel like i ' m playing well right now and ca n't wait for the second week .
the grade ii - listed drummond mill on lumb lane in manningham was ravaged by a fire which started in the basement on thursday .
intervening against the extremist forces who call themselves the islamic state in syria - it seemed impossible less than a month ago .
a plant that typically colonised volcanoes in japan was imported to britain to help hide , or possibly even stabilise , railway embankments .
the english 16-time world champion beat the belgian 4 - 2 at alexandra palace .
gregg mcnally put leigh in front early on before atelea vea crossed over soon after to extend their advantage .
adam wilson , of lostock hall , was found with serious injuries at a property on albrighton crescent in lostock hall near preston in september .
vikki thompson , 21 , died at hmp leeds on 13 november .
she said mr smith could reunite the party and win a general election .
work includes rebuilding canal - side walls and clearing vegetation off locks .
` ` we have big ideas for the future , and part of making them happen is building instagram into a sustainable business , '' it said .
he quit despite surviving a vote on an opposition motion to remove him .
the drug had been injected into the soles of the sports shoes to look like shock - absorbing gel .
it seems in northern ireland we call it tuesday .
the three judges scored the 12-round bout 115 - 112 to burns , 115 - 113 to beltran and 114 - 114 , which did not seem to reflect beltran flooring burns or his dislocating the champion 's jaw .
pulido , who plays for the greek club , olympiakos , cut his wrist when he punched a glass pane on a door as he tried to escape before police arrived .
satellite images show colonies moving their locations in years when the thin sea ice on which they habitually breed forms late or is absent .
the new boathouse , which will replace the existing building on foreshore road , will be home to a new # 2 m shannon class lifeboat .
nfu scotland said producers were losing about Â # 10 for every pig that is sold .
the northern irish racer posted a lap of 123.650 mph on his classic suzuki xr69 - in the best conditions of the week so far .
george verrier was treated by officers who were called to an altercation involving about 20 people in bromley in the early hours of sunday .
the scotland winger , 26 , suffered the injury in saturday 's 1 - 0 win at qpr .
james collins had the best chance of the first half , dinking over for the visitors when through one - on - one .
the money for kingston maurward college , near dorchester , will go towards a # 3.24 m project that includes a new animal sciences building .
jones made 41 league appearances for the clarets last season to help them win the championship title , and he started their premier league defeat by swansea on saturday .
described as ` ` unusual debris '' by highways england , it was found on the southbound carriageway between junctions 30 and 29a in derbyshire .
the 39-year - old , who was last seen at her home in tranmere on 18 october , was discovered on land bordering poole lane and old court house lane in bromborough on saturday .
wales wing hallam amos scored two fine tries in the second half while dorian jones kicked five points for the hosts .
a tentative deal is believed to have been reached in talks with senior us justice department officials .
construction will begin in spring 2015 and it is hoped the line , which will be extended from kennington to battersea , will open by 2020 .
the miscarriage association , which came up with the figure , wants people to open up about baby loss to break what it calls ` ` the last taboo '' .
to be 80 - 5 and give away a 200-run lead is a problem in any test , let alone one where you know the pitch is going to get more difficult to bat on later in the match .
it allows users to control games on the touchscreen devices and can show extra information about progress .
in a match reduced to 17 overs per side at old trafford , only seven were possible with lancashire on 39 - 0 .
media playback is not supported on this device
the victim , based in hong kong , paid the money into lee 's wife 's bank account after lee agreed to arrange for modifications to be made to the cue .
elin jones is expected to lay out plans where some areas of welsh forest could be transferred to the private sector or to not for profit organisations .
and i do n't get to say that very often .
while it limits recruitment from outside the eu , it has ` ` stimulated recruitment '' from eu countries , the home affairs select committee said .
the parkhead side have agreed a fee with hibernian for midfielder allan , who is a boyhood rangers fan .
the event was organised by trade unionists , councillors , labour party members , and msps .
the belfast mother - of-10 was taken by the ira from her flat in december 1972 .
the first film , starring oscar - winning actor eddie redmayne , is due out in cinemas on 18 november .
the 27-year - old woman was found at knowle close , redditch , after police were called early on sunday .
portugal international centre - back alves became caixinha 's first signing as rangers boss last week .
father - of - two timothy mardon had barricaded himself in after hearing intruders going from room to room .
mageean 's coach jerry kiernan told bbc sport ni that both he and the county down woman had been informed too late about the offer of a place in the team .
the girl band was due to play a matinee and evening show at the sse arena on thursday .
united will be in the champions league and boss jose mourinho said executive vice - chairman ed woodward has had his targets ` ` for more than two months '' .
he said it ` ` makes sense '' for pay to be handled by ams and welsh ministers as education is already devolved .
the deirezzor24 website reported that an unidentified jet had dropped cluster bombs on dablan , about 20 km -lrb- 13 miles -rrb- south - east of the town of mayadin .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 6 and 13 january .
once kyle abbott dismissed sri lanka captain angelo mathews for 59 in the third over of the day in port elizabeth , the tone was set .
four wards were closed to visitors at arrowe park hospital , wirral , on monday before the visiting ban was extended on thursday .
firefighters were called to a home in marlborough road just after 22:00 gmt on saturday after a fire developed in the first floor and roof .
the australian , whose car has a major aerodynamic update , was 0.234 seconds quicker than ferrari 's kimi raikkonen .
roedd jason cooper wedi bod o flaen llys o ' r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio laura jayne stuart , ond clywodd y llys ddydd gwener bod ms stuart wedi marw .
the 22-year - old striker was one of three ac milan players targeted during their match against roma on sunday , which was halted for two minutes .
kamal c chavara was detained by the police in kerala state on sunday after the youth wing of the hindu nationalist bjp lodged a complaint against him .
hart , 29 , is yet to make an appearance for city this season and has been told he can leave the club if he wishes .
mr marshall - andrews told the times he had jumped ship in light of the brexit campaign and labour 's refusal to stand aside in the richmond park by - election .
it became one of the most successful drama shows on british television .
the layoffs will be announced in the coming weeks , according to unnamed sources who spoke to bloomberg news and the wall street journal .
the gran fondo was in the city for the first time , giving riders the option of taking on a 100 mile -lrb- 160 km -rrb- course or a shorter 37 mile -lrb- 60 km -rrb- route .
the women into sustainable employment scheme aims to improve language and workplace skills and is being piloted in dundee and glasgow .
a further thirteen pupils at the fee - paying school have been suspended for using e - cigarettes .
three open - top buses took the first team , youth team and family members on a parade from stamford bridge towards the king 's road in west london .
the initial plan was to pass ownership to supporters ' group well society in five years , but instead it has taken 14 months for the handover to be agreed .
panthers kept alive their title hopes and closed the gap on leaders devils to four points .
guy bridge , 16 , completed the lap on thursday in two hours , 32 minutes and 25 seconds to become the fastest single - handed sailor round the island .
a trial of more than 500 patients found that it did not prolong or improve their quality of life any more than other forms of treatment .
a vauxhall astra and a peugeot 206 were involved in the crash on blackburn road in sheffield at 01:00 gmt .
samuel walker was fatally injured in a hit - and - run as he crossed a road in chorlton , manchester , in february 2003 .
the 28-year - old tested positive for a banned substance just days before heading to the olympic games in rio .
they provided information that would help find the ` ` truth '' , mr fillon said .
benjamin herman , 80 , of hook , hampshire , denies four counts of sex abuse against a girl under 13 in the early 1970s .
when peter young was in charge of mental health services at australia 's refugee detention centres , he says it became increasingly clear that authorities wanted to ` ` keep the lid '' on health issues that asylum seekers were experiencing .
the chesterfield striker was cleared of rape at a retrial in 2016 .
the 23-year - old , who made her senior international debut in 2012 , featured at last year 's world cup in canada .
qiang gao , 39 , attacked the co - worker in the kitchen of the szechuan express takeaway in thatcham , berkshire in may .
researchers found that four out of five children in england who ate school lunches had tried food at school that they had not tried at home .
the 58-year - old moved from his position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year .
media playback is not supported on this device
fellow tenants newport gwent dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the welsh rugby union , who have said they see rodney parade ` ` as a rugby venue . ''
pierre cornlouer from tredegar spent 30 years in the navy , serving in the falklands , the gulf and bosnia .
the 23-year - old has not started a game since the trip to bournemouth on 10 september , with tests showing he was eight pounds over his ideal weight .
de kock hit four sixes in a brilliant 135 and amla made 127 as the hosts reached their target of 319 with 22 balls to spare at centurion .
we asked some of those taking part in the online influence conference 2015 for their thoughts on what 's going on - and what 's next .
one of the men was arrested in the capital berlin and the other in a town close to cologne , in west germany .
bill palmer , from southampton , called the alex dyke show on bbc radio solent about his life after his wife went into a nursing home .
but reaction time is a bit of an unusual commission that left me , as producer , staring at a half - hour gap in the schedule and wondering what would fill it .
the uk 's businesses are considering what reforms , if any , will be best for them .
the former england captain was appointed until the end of the season in april but failed to pick up a point .
mr pena nieto said he had made a commitment to help 300 artisans who had stalls at the san pablito fireworks market and had lost their livelihoods .
the 20-year - old slovak has yet to play for fulham 's first team , but made 17 appearances in the national league on loan at welling last term .
two cars and a lorry were involved in the collision on the a52 near nottingham on 25 november .
a group led by americans jason levien and steve kaplan bought a controlling 60 % stake in swansea in a deal ratified by the premier league on 1 july .
naomi gwynne wrote to south lanarkshire council after finding her brother isaac was unable to use the swings .
jayden stockley headed wide from jonny hayes ' cross early in the second half and rangers quickly capitalised on that miss when kenny miller tucked in .
media playback is not supported on this device
one skeleton was found earlier this week , but now nine graves have been uncovered .
the regime said 22-year - old otto warmbier 's medical condition was caused last year by botulism and a sleeping pill he was given after his trial .
a new website has been launched for farmers to find practical advice on dealing with the disease on their land .
caerleon - born machen , who died in 1947 , is known for his story the bowmen , set in world war one , which gave rise to the legend of the angels of mons .
the 20-year - old had ` ` cardiac arrhythmias '' - heart rhythm problems - during the game against werder bremen .
air pollution is blamed for about 2,000 premature deaths in scotland each year .
the row has exposed deep divisions within his ruling socialist party -lrb- ps -rrb- , many of whose members believe the president has veered dangerously to the right in his reaction to the paris atrocities .
although there is some common ground between the two governments on , for example , the need for free trade within the single market , carwyn jones has complained that he did n't see the letter before it was published on wednesday .
the airline 's chief executive andrew swaffield said bookings had dropped off in the immediate aftermath but were now recovering .
the scottish fa says the paperwork for the player who joined celtic from ashdod in 2012 was completed in time before the 23:00 gmt deadline .
both led in the first half , but gloucester went in up at the break with marshall and richard hibbard scores .
diego simeone 's side surrendered a 15-game unbeaten run as the brazilian fired home an 88th - minute volley .
there were 1,820 patients waiting to be seen in may , compared to 916 in 2011 .
one hundred years since his birth on 3 october 1916 , his family and former colleagues have been talking about the private side of the famous doctor .
it comes after camden residents tried to save the st james ' gardens site , close to london euston , which was a burial ground from 1790 until 1853 .
ceding control of arm is an example of the city mindset of ` ` do n't back -lsb- the -rsb- british economy '' , he told the bbc .
on thursday , the firm acknowledged it read the anonymous blogger 's emails in order to identify an employee it suspected of leaking information .
frazier glenn miller jr , 74 , targeted the sites in kansas last year and will be put to death by lethal injection .
elias kachunga nipped in after norwich failed to clear a long ball to score his 12th goal of the season .
tshibola , 20 , came through the royals ' academy system and signed his first professional contract last summer .
the announcement came during a trade mission to china involving business leaders from across scotland .
holland and jenkins ' compatriot stanford pre - qualified for the team in 2015 , leaving one more place to fill .
the bristol - raised creator of the open bionics project says he can 3d - scan an amputee and build them a custom - fitted socket and hand in less than two days .
football supporters submitted a freedom of information request to obtain the tenancy agreement amid claims the london legacy development corporation -lrb- lldc -rrb- would subsidise the rent .
scotland 's early lead had gone , the sides were level at 1 - 1 and the frailties at the heart of their defence were evident again .
the winger , 23 , set up martin samuelsen 's goal before scoring the second in saturday 's 2 - 0 win over charlton athletic at the abax stadium .
hartley , 28 , headed home from a 91st - minute corner to send the pilgrims to wembley for the first time in 20 years .
kim wall , 30 , was last seen on thursday evening on board the vessel with the owner , 46-year - old peter madsen .
in 2015 , voter turnout among 18 - to 24-year - olds was estimated to be 43 % , compared with a 66.1 % turnout overall .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 27-year - old had been due to face wladimir klitschko in a rematch , before the ukrainian retired on thursday .
blackwell retired from boxing after he suffered bleeding on his skull and was put in an induced coma in a loss to eubank in march .
there are around 200 suicides a year of people cared for by crisis teams - three times the number in hospitals .
however , since 1987 racial and political tensions have been a steady source of instability and international isolation .
women at risk of birthing complications are to be taken to raigmore hospital in inverness , about 102 miles from wick , under the proposal .
the london - born , usa - raised 21-year - old will count as a foreign import because of his overseas junior development .
william blake : apprentice and master has opened at the ashmolean museum after 19th century floor plans were unearthed .
noss primary in wick is closed until 30 may following what highland council described as a ` ` significant failure '' at the Â # 15.4 m building on tuesday .
speaking at the london guildhall , mr valls said the british media consistently portrayed france as ` ` left - wing and anti - business '' .
the 32-year - old was released by the paisley club after making more than 330 appearances over two stints .
media playback is not supported on this device
and it 's tucked away for a very good reason .
the historic walled market town is popular with overseas visitors , but if they arrive in a left - hand drive coach at the drop - off point , they have to step out into moving traffic .
the yongbyon site processes spent fuel from power stations and has been the source of plutonium for north korea 's nuclear weapons programme .
fresh from australia 's success at eurovision - when contestant dami i m came in second - many australian residents are about to cast a much more important vote on europe and its future .
the foster parents say ` ` no discussions '' took place between them and the council prior to the children 's removal .
the second tier is shaping up to be a hugely competitive league next term with hearts , hibernian and rangers among the sides chasing promotion .
some two dozen behemoths were identified , all with masses in excess of a hundred times that of the sun .
the move is part of an acrimonious battle for control of the media empire that includes paramount and mtv .
head coach stuart lancaster 's world cup preparations suffered a blow as for the first 70 minutes a largely first - choice xv struggled to deal with french power .
jon platt was taken to court after refusing to pay a Â # 120 fine for taking his daughter , aged six , to florida .
broady and watson struggled to make an impact in their first final as a pair with the top seeds from chinese taipei winning in just over an hour .
its latest survey shows household spending dipped for the first time in four years last month with families ` ` starting to feel the squeeze '' as higher living costs eat into pay .
haroon syed , of west london , admitted preparing acts of terrorism after trying to source weapons including a suicide bomb and machine gun .
mr dewani , 34 , is accused of ordering the murder of his new wife , 28-year - old anni , who was shot in cape town in november 2010 .
the royal college of midwives -lrb- rcm -rrb- says there is a shortage of midwives and a fall in students and any future cuts will risk the quality of services .
a team from cardiff university has spent the last month excavating caerau hill fort near ely .
share this with
mrs schlafly was an outspoken opponent of feminism and abortion and helped republicans block the equal rights amendment in the 1970s .
revenue totalled $ 23.5 bn -lrb- Â # 15.2 bn -rrb- , up 57 % on the previous year , reinforcing the territory 's position as the world 's most lucrative gambling market .
the fine is the largest in china 's corporate history and will require the firm to lower royalty rates on patents used in china 's mobile phone market .
the bodies of ronald kidd , 40 , and holly alexander , 37 , were discovered at a tenement in rosefield street , in the city 's west end , at about 21:00 on sunday .
very occasionally tremors appear on the zimbabwean political landscape that point to a shift in prospects for this rich but beleaguered southern african nation .
staffordshire police said officers were called at 03:55 bst to the southbound carriageway , between junction 16 for crewe / stoke - on - trent and 15 for stoke - on - trent .
keith baker , 60 , and his wife caroline , 54 , had previously denied the charges .
steven rodriguez , who was better known as a$ ap yams or yamborghini , died aged 26 on 18 january at brooklyn 's woodhull medical centre .
german state prosecutors said they had found the man 's number on the phone of anis amri , who killed 12 people by ramming a lorry into market shoppers .
ecuele manga , 27 , last featured for cardiff in their 2 - 1 defeat at fulham .
a host of stars joined him for the final show , including the singer bruce springsteen .
the 45-year - old and six other men originally faced charges relating to the acquisition of the club in may 2011 and its financial management .
the scotland international has been part of a side to have kept six clean sheets in their last nine matches .
the party won 37.58 % of the vote , giving it a majority in the lower house of 235 out of 460 seats .
owner london luton airport ltd -lrb- llal -rrb- is in talks with planners about increasing passenger numbers from its current annual 11.5 million .
the green lions , hosting the first ever cup match on the island , forced the preliminary qualifying round tie to a replay with a 2 - 2 draw on saturday .
the hosts took the lead when ryan flynn drove towards the box and curled into the bottom corner .
it was back in 2008 , and james watt and martin dickie 's then tiny brewery at fraserburgh , north - east scotland , was little over a year old and struggling .
motorcycles used as taxis and known as boda bodas are time - savers for people who need to get somewhere in tanzania 's north - western city of mwanza .
published in the lancet and backed by a number of major health organisations , it says statins lower heart attack and stroke risk .
the leak happened at the worthy farm site in somerset in june 2014 and damaged water quality and killed fish .
however , the bairns boss has underlined that any forward signing will need to exhibit even more quality than two of his promising youngsters .
peers defied the government by backing calls to set up a joint parliamentary committee to look at the proposals .
in 2014 , a report by the public protector said mr zuma had ` ` benefited unduly '' from the upgrades .
his aim was to give children in rural areas an access to education .
hasan karkardi has been suspended for six months for sparring with blackwell , who was left requiring surgery to reduce swelling on his brain .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 25-year - old full - back moved to new zealand warriors for a world - record fee last year after helping wigan to a league and challenge cup double .
the versatile 27-year - old has signed a three - year contract and will make his 150th appearance for the rugby park club when he makes his second debut .
phoenix , 37 , told interview magazine : ` ` i do n't want to be a part of it .
not sure what we 're on about ?
attorneys for dr david dao , who lost two front teeth and suffered a broken nose and ` ` significant '' concussion in the incident , say they will sue .
the incident happened as the 33-year - old walked under a railway bridge on dumbarton road , near the junction with cable depot road , at about 22:00 on saturday 10 september .
two - year - old lane thomas graves had been playing in the sand near the resort 's seven seas lagoon when he was dragged underwater by the creature .
in a series of twitter posts addressed directly to mr maduro , mr almagro also called him a ` ` petty dictator '' .
but every so often , a family walks by carrying bags and suitcases , not quite sure where they will be living in the next few weeks .
paul chambers , 27 , from doncaster , who now lives in northern ireland , was convicted in may 2011 of sending a ` ` menacing electronic communication '' .
collier , who had parkinson 's disease and was living in a nursing home near his hometown of hull , died on thursday .
i have been out and about , travelling , and watching other travellers recently .
a third person had been arrested in the raid in verviers and weapons are reported to have been recovered .
amelia welch , 20 , from axminster in devon , was partying with friends in plymouth on friday when she lost her hand , which cost about Â # 3,000 .
radio 1 's audience fell by 3.2 % in the last three months of 2016 compared with the previous quarter , while radio 1xtra fell 11.4 % over the same period .
a bfv spokesman did not confirm a report in die welt newspaper that the man was suspected of planning a bomb attack on the bfv 's cologne office , reuters news agency said .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
connor smith , 19 , ` ` turned '' on work colleague anil jnagal during a night out on birmingham 's broad street , the city 's crown court heard .
the attacker made the devices print a warning urging their owners to cut off remote access .
however , 43 % of the people asked said they did believe in the resurrection - although many did not think it happened as described in the bible .
education select committee chairman neil carmichael said parents would be ` ` wondering what to do '' after friday 's ruling , and would need clarity .
2 december 2016 last updated at 14:06 gmt
the ancient berry is from the same family of plants as potatoes , tomatoes and peppers .
some fans and politicians were angry that poppies were not worn by players .
thirty - two people died when the cruise ship hit rocks off the tuscan island of giglio in january 2012 and tipped on to its side .
they were followed by announcements from skin care firm syneron - candela and japanese mattress maker airweave .
memphis depay put the visitors ahead in the first leg of their europa league last-32 tie , but pione sisto and paul onuachu gave the hosts victory .
madihah taheer , ummariyat mirza and zainub mirza appeared at the old bailey in london on 28 april .
scott carson was at full stretch to tip a header from brentford 's john egan behind , while tom ince saw his free - kick turned over by visiting keeper daniel bentley .
at least 100 others were wounded in the strike , which reportedly struck a warehouse containing weapons .
perry cohen and austin stephanos , both 14 , were last seen on friday afternoon buying $ 110 worth of fuel near jupiter , before setting off on a 19-foot boat .
dr imran farooq , a leader of karachi 's influential mqm party , was stabbed to death near his home in edgware , north london in september 2010 .
alun davies told ams they had received 7,000 responses to a consultation containing ` ` strongly held '' views .
it 's also making an impact on education , with plans to put 3d printers into schools in the united kingdom and the united states .
the 14-year - old from blackpool disappeared on 1 november 2003 .
saturday 's 2 - 1 defeat at sunderland means united remain six points adrift of the premier league top four .
the list , compiled by a panel of 144 djs , critics and writers , highlights 15 rising acts for the coming year .
he made the pledge to the un general assembly in new york in 2012 , saying myanmar -lrb- also known as burma -rrb- was on a path from which it would not backtrack .
but in tourism - dependent antigua , a deadly disease has wiped out almost half of the island 's majestic coconut palms - leaving unsightly headless trunks littering the landscape .
she has bled herself , when she was injured in an ira attack on the ulster polytechnic in 1977 .
more than 12,600 cases were discontinued from 2014 to 2015 - one in every eight crown court cases .
lyndon gooch 's long - range dipping effort caused fleetwood keeper chris maxwell to make a fingertip save .
media playback is unsupported on your device
evans recorded a time of 55 minutes 40 seconds to take the yellow jersey from andy schleck before sunday 's largely ceremonial final stage in paris .
french striker moussa dembele , 20 , has made an instant impact this season with 12 goals for the scottish champions .
residents living around the good hope hospital in sutton coldfield have said cars are being illegally parked on local streets by staff and patients .
the labour leader has also said he is ` ` very angry '' that so many lives were lost in a deadly tower block fire .
he is among thousands of burmese tamils living in the north - eastern indian town of moreh in manipur state , which borders myanmar , also known as burma .
the northern ireland international , 28 , was charged on 29 july with breaching fa rule e8 , which bars professional players from betting on football - related matters .
a 25-year - old woman testified that larry nassar molested her from the age of six until 12 during family visits to his michigan home .
the keynote mactaggart lecture will be given by the director general of the bbc , mark thompson , at what is a crucial time for the corporation .
joseph smith was not in a booster seat and suffered multiple injuries when the car he was in smashed into oncoming traffic on cardiff 's western avenue .
many of the new pieces are inspired by the migrant crisis on the greek island , which is the main european entry point for iraqi and syrian refugees .
the 22-year - old was an unused squad member during the 2017 six nations , as well as the 2016 autumn internationals .
sports minister carál nί chuilίn said they stood down just before she was due to meet board representatives .
yorkshire ambulance service -lrb- yas -rrb- figures show medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at a&e departments in 2015 - 16 compared with 16,000 in 2014 - 15 .
prices rose 0.8 % in the month compared with 0.1 % in november .
owens ' team suffered a record european defeat as they conceded nine tries in a 64 - 14 champions cup hammering in paris .
police said the last thing the man remembered was leaving a bar in manchester city centre at 01:00 gmt .
at points throughout the year we may introduce a theme for the gallery - this week 's theme is ` ` love '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
she is the co - founder of the american freedom defense initiative -lrb- afdi -rrb- , which she says was formed to stop the ` ` islamisation of america '' and ` ` creeping sharia '' in her country .
severe storms in december 2013 caused damage to an existing dune system to the east of barkby beach in prestatyn .
vikki thompson , 21 , was found dead in her cell at hmp leeds in 2015 with a ligature around her neck .
matthew cherrington , 32 , from west bromwich , murdered 26-year - old sex worker lidia pascale , who was last seen on 19 november 2014 .
only a few days after publicly stating he was committing his future to villa , having been on the brink of joining city , he has made an almighty u - turn and joined manuel pellegrini 's side .
firearms officers from the met police carried out a stop on a car in high street shortly before 20:00 gmt on wednesday .
wales in the 13th century was a mixture of regional powers .
22 september 2015 last updated at 14:14 bst
but they have also had three points deducted after the game on 14 october was disrupted when a drone flew over the stadium with a political message .
he and his son gorka were arrested earlier this month as part of a corruption investigation .
` ` the truth is that taylor swift and i are together , and we 're very happy , '' the actor told the hollywood reporter .
the 85-year - old f1 supremo likened the sport to a rock concert at which the band turned up but could not perform .
the 35-year - old has been released by brighton & hove albion after they fell short in their bid for promotion .
akinde broke the deadlock on 57 minutes with the bees ' first shot on target after the visitors broke quickly from a loose mitch rose pass .
mr drumm , who resigned in december 2008 as the bank was collapsing , was brought before dublin district court on monday to be charged with 33 offences .
morata , 23 , who is playing for spain at euro 2016 , joined juventus in 2014 , after four seasons with real .
the company said the agreement included a guarantee that a conductor would be retained as the second member of staff on board new trains being rolled out next year .
macdonald made 67 league appearances for national league club torquay after signing in 2014 following the collapse of previous club salisbury .
he had been facing charges of genocide during one of the most brutal periods in guatemala 's civil war .
the watchdog assessed the authority 's services between january 16 and february 9 and found improvements since its last inspection in 2011 .
the 79-year - old west ham chairman was sent a tweet by a prankster , asking to spread awareness of a ` ` missing '' hammers fan .
heydrich - one of the architects of the final solution when he was governor of occupied bohemia - was assassinated by british - trained czech and slovak troops in may 1942 .
the theft happened outside st john 's kirk in st john 's place in the city before 23:30 on monday .
media playback is not supported on this device
grant clarke was left in urine - soaked sheets and had his emergency buzzer taken away from him , the nursing and midwifery council tribunal heard .
there had been cases of ` ` verbal abuse hurled '' at ethnic minorities , and ` ` despicable graffiti daubed on a polish community centre '' , he told the commons .
the us network claimed there were ` ` no - go areas '' in the french capital where police and non - muslims refused to go .
the video posted by chechen president ramzan kadyrov , a strong putin ally , portrayed mr kasyanov though a sniper 's gun sights .
this article contains language that some readers may find offensive .
media playback is not supported on this device
redmond , an england under-21 international , has agreed a five - year contract with the saints .
division one leaders middlesex , who were bowled out for 381 at taunton to lead by 145 , looked in charge when they reduced somerset to 59 - 3 and 126 - 4 .
why not enjoy a selection of them here , as we also look forward to many more exciting news stories from the country 's young journalists .
cafodd siopwyr eu hebrwng o ganolfan siopa quadrant toc wedi 14:00 , ac mae ' r digwyddiad hefyd wedi cau gorsaf fysus a marchnad y ddinas .
previously , trainee doctors had to wait up to four years to experience the consultation room .
dead men risen , written by toby harnden and published by quercus , took the prize at a ceremony in westminster and was the judges ' unanimous choice .
head of a young woman -lrb- 1906 -rrb- is worth more than Â # 17 m -lrb- 25 m euros -rrb- .
the 26-year - old from bready is expected to be sidelined for between six and eight weeks .
as we walked in , three or four people were waiting around a table - but which one , i wondered , was the father of bitcoin ?
darren turk , 53 , of fontridge lane in etchingham , is charged with 14 offences including rape and indecent assault between 1996 and 2002 .
healy 's tour may be over after he sustained suspected ankle ligament damage against western force .
southern railway luggage van no 2464 has spent four months being stripped and repainted at locomotion , the national railway museum in shildon .
the device , believed to be a relic from world war two , was found in avenham park in preston at about 15:00 gmt on friday .
the boys , aged 12 and 13 , were seriously injured in the attack in havant , hampshire , on friday and remain in hospital .
the dramatic creation by philip treacy has been likened to a turkey twizzler , a lavatory seat and a pretzel .
reuben lewis from llanidloes was driven 45 minutes from ysgol cedewain , newtown , without teachers or transport staff realising he was still on board .
despite taking an early lead the teessiders were 3 - 2 down at half - time .
greenwood , 22 , featured in the 2015 women 's world cup and is the club 's eighth signing of the transfer window .
the welsh economy research report showed 79 % of direct spend was retained in wales , and associations built nearly 2,000 affordable homes .
local reports from the southern resort island of phuket say a british man died after turning a pistol on himself .
a pre - application notice was submitted on friday , paving the way for full proposals for jedburgh in due course .
the incident happened on the a98 , three miles from fraserburgh , at about 22:15 on sunday .
at least 90 % of final year students at cardiff , swansea and bangor said they were happy with their university experience .
writing in plos one they say the gene fault may encourage the formation of blood clots - the ultimate cause of most heart attacks and strokes .
the colin bloomfield melanoma appeal was launched in february to raise awareness of skin cancer and educate children in schools about sun safety .
it works by looking for a combination of ` ` markers '' in the blood which are different in healthy people and those with the disease .
the story of akong tulku rinpoche was screened at the samye ling site he founded in eskdalemuir .
gloucester have played away from their meadow park home since a flood in 2007 .
former celtic and republic of ireland goalkeeper pat bonner assesses the victors ' performance in sunday 's scottish league cup final , while former aberdeen and scotland defender willie miller gives his marks out of 10 for derek mcinnes ' side .
the problem is that so many of the initiatives and ideas sold to the country as ground - breaking prove to be business as usual .
the latest intake of tory mps is far and away the most eurosceptic in the conservative party 's history .
the 23-year - old has agreed a two - year deal , with the option of a third year , and will link up with the super league club for pre - season in november .
it comes after the 24 m -lrb- 80 ft -rrb- poles appeared close to the macleod house hotel and near the clubhouse at mr trump 's menie site .
the review into 22 abuse cases in northern ireland criticised the authorities for not doing enough .
they found that targeting a part of the brain called the parietal lobe improved the ability of volunteers to solve numerical problems .
during a ` ` very busy two hour period '' on friday , the fire service said it received more than 100 calls to over 30 flooding incidents in southend .
thailand 's aphibarnrat , twice a winner this year , moved a shot ahead after a 40-foot breaking birdie putt at 14 .
a series of groups spoke out after europe 's top court ruled a romanian man whose employer read his messages had not had his rights violated .
` ` i was n't 100 % sober , '' she said at an event with fellow justice antonin scalia .
damage to to overhead wires meant the line is blocked north of morpeth .
the 22-year - old former wales under-20 international made his dragons debut at 17 , making him the youngest player to ever represent the region .
he told buzzfeed news he needed to go to a ` ` quiet place '' to focus on writing , adding that twitter is ` ` the least quiet place i ' ve ever been in my life . ''
mr gill has been criticised by some in the party for ` ` double - jobbing '' .
7 july 2016 last updated at 09:49 bst
bailey , 16 , was stabbed during a fight with a fellow pupil at cults academy .
pan gyhoeddwyd canlyniad y bleidlais gyhoeddus ym mrwsel nos fawrth , fe ddaeth derwen brimmon - coeden tua 500 mlwydd oed ger y drenewydd - yn ail i goeden 650 oed yn wisniowa yng ngwlad pwyl .
in a study of more than 70,000 women , optimists were less likely to get fatal cancer , heart disease , lung conditions and stroke in their retirement years .
concern is mounting about the potential of a vicious power struggle in addis ababa , triggering a negative chain reaction across the region .
the high court in glasgow heard that andrew patrick pointed a gun at alistair rankine before giving him a bag said to have a bomb inside .
the incident happened at the edenderry industrial estate on the crumlin road on wednesday afternoon .
an app which helps people share pictures of litter and report it to their local council may not seem a threat .
it was the first time the single transferable vote -lrb- stv -rrb- system had been used to select two members in the same ward in a by - election .
the 21st century successors to the red guards are not a physical presence .
wayne rooney and ashley young are back in training after respective ankle and groin injuries and might be involved .
the bank said profits before tax not including those settlements dropped 10 % to # 1.43 bn for the july - to - september period .
nhs england guidelines say that 85 % of patients should wait a maximum of 62 days to begin their first treatment following referral from their gp .
ron jones , from bassaleg , in newport , only retired from collecting for the royal british legion poppy appeal in 2016 , after 30 years ' service .
the discussion centred mainly on the gas market , energy security and the risks of having to rely on supplies from russia in the distant future .
speaking at the un , mrs clooney said is had declared it will ` ` destroy '' the country 's yazidi ethnic group through murder , rape and forced conversions .
media playback is not supported on this device
but such apparently excessive pay is not a new concern .
the local government association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings .
a further 24 shops have been closed down altogether , while police have also arrested 186 alleged offenders .
jamie stevenson 's entry , which incorporates a saltire , their black and white colours and their nickname - the honest men , won 48 % of the votes .
the 24-hour industrial action is part of an ongoing dispute over staffing and the role of conductors .
media playback is not supported on this device
aberdeen 's graeme shinnie was a notable absentee from the national coach 's two separate squads named for friendlies against czech republic and denmark .
the girl , named locally as holly hughes , is now in a stable condition after the crash involving a tanker and a van on the a44 in powys on tuesday .
joshua , 27 , and ukraine 's klitschko , 40 , had agreed terms on a world heavyweight title bout .
on saturday , sirens sounded for a third consecutive day warning of an incoming rocket fired from gaza .
it is likely to include a scrappage scheme for older diesel cars in areas with high levels of dirty air .
joey 's pizza has 212 stores across germany with annual sales of â ‚ ¬ 143 m -lrb- $ 156.5 m ; Â # 103.9 m -rrb- .
his previous jobs were at celtic and bolton , but moving to the second tier of scottish football was no hindrance to him returning to work at easter road .
they have increased the cash component of their bid by 1.2 bn euros to 8.2 bn euros -lrb- Â # 6.6 bn ; $ 11.2 bn -rrb- .
a european commission spokesman said while progress was made on sunday , ` ` significant gaps '' remained .
jackie fox from birmingham , alabama died of ovarian cancer last year , aged 62 , having used the talc for decades .
mr beheshti died after being held on charges of ` ` actions against national security on social networks '' .
for the media - both in pakistan and abroad - the issue is clear enough : the pakistani taliban did it .
deborah steel , who was 37 and ran the royal standard in ely , was last seen in the early hours of 28 december .
the duchess of cambridge gave birth to a son on monday afternoon in london 's st mary 's hospital .
but there are about 500 deaths a year in the uk from cardiac arrest among the under-30s .
he was being questioned about problems with a trident missile test last june .
the former hearts captain recently left leeds , having moved to elland road last summer despite a trial at rangers .
scott ludlam , 46 , who is deputy leader of the australian greens party , made the announcement in a facebook post .
warwickshire 's woakes will play his first test match in 16 months , after anderson suffered a calf injury .
the locomotive has also had its british rail number , 60103 , repainted on its cab .
emma morano was born on 29 november 1899 in the piedmont region of italy .
the boy , from lincolnshire , groomed some of the girls on facebook and encouraged them to send him photos of their breasts .
obituary : francisco blake mora
11 september 2014 last updated at 07:21 bst
telecoms company bt launched the uk - wide contest in august to mark the 80th anniversary of the telephone service , which receives 12 million calls a year .
the knee - high footballers , based at the university of hertfordshire , are not exactly pacey .
the authorities have been trying since may to demolish the old quarter of awamiya , saying shia militants use its narrow streets as a hideout .
dundee sheriff court heard the 16-year - old boy had attended a party in dundee last november and left with three friends for another address .
it follows complaints over gangs of young adults gathering in llangefni , drinking alcohol and causing criminal damage .
those killed included citizens from japan , italy , colombia , australia , france , poland and spain , pm habib essid said .
hackney council is providing temporary office space for up to eight people in the canopy of a tree in hoxton square from june .
football was the overall winner in the attendance stakes at 43.4 million , while three of the 10 best attended showpieces were horseracing events .
speaking in an interview with bbc newsnight , ross mcewan said the uncertainty caused by the eu vote could ` ` slow down banking '' .
it said $ 450 m -lrb- Â # 270 m -rrb- would be made available in light of a report by the world 's nuclear watchdog , the iaea .
a labour government would pass a law that gives employees the right to a regular contract after 12 weeks of working regular hours , he said .
snp leader nicola sturgeon said voters had ` ` 48 hours to get the tories out '' .
trams ran in the city between 1904 and 1953 before being replaced by buses .
those with mental health or neurological conditions were least likely to have developed ways of living with their illness .
rangers led early through a scrappy goal from a corner , with nedum onuoha appearing to bundle in from a yard out .
east oxford residents have been complaining about the behaviour of oxford brookes students on nights out .
that would be britain 's best medal haul at a winter games since winning a gold , silver and bronze in germany in 1936 .
having won their opener before losing race two on saturday , ben ainslie 's land rover bar were defeated by defending champions oracle team usa and emirates team new zealand on sunday .
they were armed with weapons when they entered their victim 's home at 22:45 on thursday .
the preliminary figures show that operating profit will be 6.1 tn won -lrb- $ 5.1 bn ; Â # 3.5 bn -rrb- for the october to december period , from 5.29 tn won a year earlier .
the politician , who had secured his 2011 seat through the list vote , beat snp candidate rival roderick campbell by 3,465 votes .
russia is fuming , in the words of bbc moscow correspondent steve rosenberg , but us politicians have not minced their words either .
adam burton , 23 , and a french tourist were caught posing naked on wednesday by surveillance workers and were removed from the unesco world heritage site , cusco police said .
syed , 35 , is serving a life sentence for the murder of hae min lee in 1999 .
the 20-year - old had been due to go on trial for allegedly driving an Â # 80,000 porsche while banned .
the girl was with her parents and a younger brother when she attended st mary 's hospital in paddington , london , at about 17:40 bst on sunday .
an email to those who signed the petition said the prime minister and government had ` ` been clear that this was a once - in - a - generation vote '' .
the former liverpool , swansea city , reading and watford boss has signed a 12-month rolling contract to replace ronny deila , who departed the scottish champions at the end of the season .
media playback is not supported on this device
he made more than 40 feature films in a career spanning 60 years .
reyaad khan , 21 , died in an raf drone strike targeting islamic state militants in syria last august .
labour called health policy , which is devolved to welsh ministers , a ` ` real dividing line '' between it and the conservative party .
raymond russell , 34 , was charged with being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug to another person and also drug possession .
the boomtown rats were to headline the event in dumfries along with rick astley , abc , the stars from the commitments and the rezillos on 4 june .
some 563 were held or arrested by port of dover police officers last year - up from 148 in 2013 , a bbc radio kent freedom of information request shows .
it was poured onto the front archway of the hall in clifton street on the night of sunday 26 august .
the government said that protests against the bill had given ministers ` ` food for thought '' .
an investigation is being into emstrey crematorium 's failure to return babies ' ashes to bereaved parents .
market cross jewellers on linthorpe road in middlesbrough was targeted on tuesday by men carrying what were thought to be axes .
williams was the first black woman to be named miss america in 1983 but resigned after a magazine published nude photos of her without her consent .
the cost of borrowing will remain unchanged at 6.25 % ahead of a possible increase in us interest rates later this month .
this revolution is the result of someone sending a facebook invitation to many people .
the memorial event will be attended by hundreds of firefighters , police officers , paramedics and volunteers in a chapel overlooking the crash site .
the welsh beat moldova 4 - 0 in their first qualifier , but drew against austria , georgia and serbia .
artykov finished third in the men 's -69 kg weightlifting competition .
the final table based on all of his predictions is at the bottom of this page .
demonstrators marched outside the iranian embassy accusing tehran of interfering in afghanistan 's affairs .
the ` ` indigenisation law '' has been blamed for choking off investment .
the 28-year - old frenchwoman , ranked seventh in the world , said she was taking the decision with immediate effect because of persistent injuries .
josh hanson , of kingsbury , north - west london , was stabbed in the neck at the re bar in eastcote , hillingdon .
relieved that the giant telecoms company would not be broken up , they piled into the shares , sending them up 3 % in early trading .
meanwhile more than 30,000 people in the eastern city of halle have been told to leave their homes after rivers reached their highest level in 400 years .
having become the first indian sprinter to reach a final at a global athletics event in 2013 , the 18-year - old was already the national champion at 100 m and 200 m , and an asian games bronze medallist .
the 31-year - old recently signed a two - year contract extension to play only limited - overs cricket for the county .
the anonymous questionnaire was sent to 568 women in almost 40 different sports , with 339 responding .
from 2010 until mid-2014 , world oil prices had been fairly stable , at around $ 110 a barrel .
mr byrne was shot dead in the regency hotel during a boxing weigh - in in the north of the city in february .
media playback is not supported on this device
sue sim was the first woman to lead the force and led the hunt for murderer raoul moat in 2010 .
the girl , who suffered ` ` extensive dog bite wounds to her face '' in the attack in stoke - on - trent , is being treated at birmingham children 's hospital .
four us tourists and an australian pilot died after their light plane came down on a shopping centre on tuesday .
it does not include a final decision about where to locate a new station in or near sheffield .
the search engine has also revealed we asked ` ` who is banksy ? ''
having first conducted there in 1971 , and regularly since , he is back in 2014 to launch the musical festivities with a first night performance of elgar 's the kingdom .
capt ranong chumpinit told the bbc that daniel clarke was found at 01:05 gmt on saturday lying by the train track in thung - kha , chumphon province .
they 're also increasingly participating in a war of words over illegal immigration and how the candidates could best address the more than 11 million undocumented workers currently living in the us .
the welsh government wants to remove the legal defence for parents who use corporal punishment to discipline children .
the suspected green mamba was found on a ship that had docked in aberdeen from west africa last month .
the statue at the university of cape town had been attacked as a surviving symbol of white minority rule .
the 18-year - old - making his first appearance of the season - steered home wayne rooney 's cross to spark wild celebrations on the away bench .
it is that time of the year again , when we take stock of the highs and lows of the last 12 months .
if made law , the measure will put a 20 % ceiling on any foreign stakes in russian media , including those held indirectly through russian partners .
the council has launched an appeal to raise Â # 150,000 for a bronze sculpture in the barkers pool area .
in a study on mice , hsp90 inhibitors were found to strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments .
rees , who starred in bbc drama series poldark in the 1970s , was 63 .
the ruling has come about because a dad was fined for taking his daughter out of school for a family holiday to disney world in the united states , without her head teacher giving permission .
guernsey won gold in 2011 , the last time table tennis was included in the sports programme for the island games .
they include her chauffeur in paris , michael madar .
the blue - chip index closed 0.6 % , or 45.4 points , higher at 7,337.8 - the 14th time it has ended higher .
jack lopresti said a letter sent to party members calling for a new candidate was part of an ` ` attempt to destroy my character and reputation '' .
due to travel to cardiff to pose for photos and answer questions at a heineken cup press launch , saracens told him he had to be at an ` ` important squad meeting '' in munich the same day .
england scrum - half danny care claimed a hat - trick , while loose forward luke wallace crossed twice as quins booked a home semi - final against grenoble .
city will pay an initial # 28.5 m for the argentina international , who was named in la liga 's 2014 - 15 team of the season and played in the copa america final .
financial stocks led the way , as the momentum in washington for an overhaul of bank regulations held up in advance of a preliminary vote on thursday .
they made the appeal at an election hustings in belfast on tuesday .
invisible edinburgh said the aim was to reveal a different side to scotland 's capital city .
he was chairman for 16 years , during which time the club enjoyed an 11-year stint in the premier league and two uefa cup campaigns .
levein , the club 's director of football , described finishing fifth in the premiership , as ` ` frustrating and a tad disappointing '' .
the artificial intelligence system - lipnet - watches video of a person speaking and matches the text to the movement of their mouths with 93 % accuracy , the researchers said .
the news comes a day after search teams recovered the cockpit voice recorder from the wreckage of flight ms804 .
media playback is not supported on this device
french president francois hollande expressed ` ` deep sadness '' at the death of huguette dupeu in a statement .
the un committee on the rights of the child said all children should receive a ` ` truly inclusive education '' .
both players join the league two side until the end of the season .
the possibility of brexit was one of the factors that led the us federal reserve to keep interest rates on hold , chair janet yellen said .
natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- said an innovative project has seen approximately 4,000 of the threatened crustaceans reared and released here since 2009 .
the 26-year - old served a provisional 30-day suspension after testing positive for a ` fat burner ' in march .
a former spanish colony , it was annexed by morocco in 1975 .
the 48-year - old former arsenal goalkeeper played for the royals for four years .
carrick , 34 , suffered the injury late on in alicante on friday evening and left the pitch on a stretcher .
the 37-year - old suffered the injury on 4 june during the first innings of sussex 's county championship division two win over worcestershire .
the england captain , unbeaten on 95 overnight , reached 101 not out off 198 balls before retiring .
several thousand people who lived at the camp were moved to new homes around france last week .
the # 155,000 bike2go project was the first of its kind in scotland and it was hoped it could go into other areas .
the 33-year - old takes over the role from charlotte burton , whom he assisted last season alongside his coaching commitments at brighton college .
jack lloyd kay , 20 , of gosmore , was driving a peugeot when it overturned near hitchin early on 4 october 2015 .
president evo morales has announced a contingency plan , which includes $ 700,000 in extra funds for fumigation .
now without a win in 12 league matches on home soil - a run that dates back to march - the dons twice held a two - goal lead before taylor rescued an unlikely point for rovers .
betsi cadwaladr university health board -lrb- bcuhb -rrb- gave # 20,000 towards the lap of wales challenge .
he is among the hundreds of boys who collect coins thrown into the river by visitors and devotees during the annual month - long sonepur fair , which is said to be asia 's biggest cattle fair .
the loyalist community council -lrb- lcc -rrb- has created the flag to commemorate the centenary of the world war one battle .
walter oakley received a letter from the russian and us leaders thanking him for his help in televising the meeting .
the murrayfield side are seventh in the table and face a difficult run - in as they seek a top - four finish .
emmanuel manzi from italy won the event at llanberis , while richard roberts was the first welsh competitor to finish .
it allegedly took place as the girl was leaving the ashton court estate at about 22.30 bst on saturday 8 august .
the teenager was also charged in connection with a dishonesty offence that allegedly occurred at the same time on 31 march .
the collision happened on the a21 bangor to newtownards dual carriageway , near the green road junction , at 19:40 gmt on thursday .
roedd mr jones yn ymgyrchu i brydain adael yr ue cyn y refferendwm y llynedd .
flyers went into the closing weekend in the final post - season place , although manchester giants could have gone above them with two wins from three games .
private derby xxx was promoted to the rank of lance corporal at an event in chester marking eight years of the mercian regiment .
giving evidence for the ex - sunderland winger at bradford crown court , stacey flounders said she did not see a future in their relationship .
from music festivals to corporate expos , trade fairs to charity auctions , we spend about # 375bn a year on events worldwide - # 40bn of that in the uk .
coppergate in york can only be used by buses , taxis and permit holders between 08:00 and 18:00 .
publicly , his business was business ; but , for almost quarter of a century , he was at the centre of an extraordinary chain of events that ultimately led to the historic ira ceasefire of 1994 and the good friday agreement of 1998 .
cyber - attacks , trolls , terrorist propaganda , sexism , racism , twitter mobs ... stop the web now , mr berners - lee , we want to get off .
lesbos used to get more than 5,000 a day .
the 25-year - old ghana defender , who arrived from league two side barnet in may 2016 , was left out of saturday 's home defeat by ipswich having started their two previous games .
mark king , 21 , earlier admitted stabbing 37-year - old steven downes in the dennistoun area of glasgow at 01:30 on 17 january 2015 .
joe root , alex hales , moeen ali and mark wood also return for the tie with pakistan at old trafford on 7 september after missing sri lanka in july .
they ruled that attorney general john larkin qc 's bid came too late .
protesters hung a sign over the city 's famous rialto bridge and some carried suitcases to symbolise having to leave .
witnesses told officers they heard a gun being fired near anfield road primary school at about 09:00 gmt .
` ` i have been asked in my younger years to consider joining , and i just never felt ready or prepared , '' said ms seifert , who started working as a model at the age of 14 and later worked as a television presenter .
in his regular bbc sport column , football pundit robbie savage looks at why liverpool look a long way off repeating last season 's title challenge , how they should line up against chelsea and the physical and mental battle steven gerrard faces to secure a long - term future with the reds .
timothy russell and malissa williams died in 2012 in a barrage of bullets fired by 13 officers in a car chase .
the english pairing of judd trump and barry hawkins topped group c and come up against mark allen and joe swail , runners - up in group d , in wuxi .
whether or not he is on the formal menu , mr snowden will certainly colour their conversation and the press conference that follows .
youtube said the video - its most watched ever - has been viewed more than 2,147,483,647 times .
the australian open champions , seeded fourth in monte carlo , sealed victory in 67 minutes .
christopher huxtable , 34 , from swansea , had been missing since the collapse in february .
the spanish - language tv network had cancelled its contract to broadcast the miss usa pageant which is co - owned by mr trump .
froome clocked 51 minutes and 18 seconds for the 37.5 km stage from bourg - saint - andeol to la caverne du pont - d'arc , which dutchman tom dumoulin won in 50 minutes and 15 seconds .
but if you thought that meant he was about to announce some pre - election giveaways in order to woo undecided voters you 're likely to be disappointed .
it says ` ` cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams ... that de - pigment the skin ... are now forbidden '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
his first spell at the club saw him win the premier league twice , the fa cup , the league cup twice and the community shield .
media playback is not supported on this device
glamorgan 's total was dominated by nick selman 's mature 101 off 144 balls , his second first - class century .
the conservatives want a report into the spending on the 218 ` ` procurement cards '' used for government spending .
john duns scotus was born in the town of duns around 1266 .
a munster statement said o'connell , 36 , would provide ` ` invaluable technical expertise and advice '' to the irish province 's next generation of players .
the girl was forced into a vehicle in bishop 's stortford at about 20:30 gmt on 16 february and dropped off near the town 's railway station the following morning .
they left budapest station on foot after a stand - off with police , defying official efforts to take them to reception centres and register them .
` ` it is with tremendous sadness that we announce the death of our beautiful , dynamic and one - of - a - kind mother , '' the statement said .
the 22-year - old algeria international moved to the german side on a season - long loan in august and has made 20 bundesliga appearances .
musgrove park hospital said the cause of the ` ` technical issues '' in the hired facility was being investigated .
a woman got out of the vehicle and an unknown man jumped in and took the car .
the 30-year - old made 219 appearances for the cherries in a five - year spell for the club between 2006 and 2011 .
russia 's foreign ministry condemned the ` ` atrocious crimes of extremists '' .
during a turbulent five - month period , the 32-year - old retired from one - day international cricket but starred in tests , before becoming upset by a twitter parody account .
appearing close to tears in a televised address , she apologised for allowing a long - standing friend inappropriate access to government policy - making .
thames valley police made the discovery after being called to the property in iffley road at 14:58 bst .
after the pre - season transfer window from 1 january to 18 march and the first half of the league campaign , manchester city women lead the wsl 1 table ahead of defending champions chelsea ladies and third - placed birmingham city .
ece heper , 50 , was arrested on 30 december in the north - eastern town of kars , her lawyer sertac celikkaleli told the canadian press .
the prime minister will meet spanish counterpart mariano rajoy in madrid before heading to paris .
sir keir starmer said there was a ` ` very strong case '' for the crown prosecution service to make the final decision on whether to prosecute cases .
` ` despite so many false statements and lies , total and complete vindication ... and wow , comey is a leaker ! ''
in 2016 , there were 5,826 reported cases , with holidaymakers losing Â # 7.2 million in total , an average of Â # 1,200 per person .
the old victoria ground , next to the a500 , shut in 1997 when the club moved to the britannia stadium and has remained vacant ever since .
the official purchasing managers ' index -lrb- pmi -rrb- on sunday showed that factory activity unexpectedly shrank in october to 49.8 , below the 50-point mark , which suggests contraction .
culture secretary maria miller said ` ` decriminalisation of the licence fee should be on the table '' during the bbc 's charter review before 2017 .
the dow closed up 0.7 % at 18,506.41 , while the s&p 500 index added 0.5 % to close at 2,163.75 .
six people died and 15 others were injured when the lorry went out of control on 22 december 2014 after the driver , harry clarke , 58 , blacked out .
old hands at the book club game are husband and wife team richard madeley and judy finnigan and oprah .
bbc radio leicester reports the 24-year - old will join the foxes for a fee of about # 6 m .
the former celtic defender has left his role as a youth coach at everton to take the job .
the emails confirmed the trump camp 's interest in receiving help from the russian government to discredit opponent hillary clinton during the presidential campaign last year .
firefighters spent several days at the site in duncan street following the blaze on 2 march , which reduced train services and caused travel delays .
an investigation into pembrokeshire council 's dealings with michael smith said it was ` ` only luck '' that stopped his application .
the unknown offender seized control of the medway council feed at about 19:45 bst .
but this is also a story which has cut to the heart of the country 's political conscience and raised questions about so - called vip culture .
trailing 7 - 0 from the first leg , the home side went in front on the night when alvaro negredo rolled home .
the 26-year - old defender joins team - mates michail antonio , dimitri payet , adrian , and cheikhou kouyate in committing his future to the club .
1453 - sultan mehmed ii the magnificent captures constantinople , ending byzantine empire and consolidating ottoman empire in asia minor and balkans .
islamic tradition requires the dead to be buried as soon as possible , unless an autopsy is required .
mary hampton 's bicycle was taken while she did her weekly shop in waitrose .
the 51-year - old london mayor has spent more than a decade combining the gravitas of his various roles with an unkempt , humorous persona rarely seen in modern public life .
most of you will know your ayrton sennas from your michael schumachers , your lewis hamiltons from your niki laudas , but what of the more obscure members of that elite , 754-strong club ?
the train firm said it would refund the difference in cost between mainline and high speed fares - to compensate for the loss of direct high speed trains .
he said he was disappointed that judges ruled ministers could not invoke article 50 - starting formal brexit negotiations - without mps ' approval .
about 41,000 people descended on the city 's golden mile to mark the hindu festival of light , with entertainment including fireworks and dancing .
the volunteers were angry at the rnli 's decision to shut down the station later this year .
fr d'arcy was responding to a bbc this world programme which found that the cardinal failed to pass details of sex abuse to police or parents .
the whitesands project would see the creation of a raised walkway along the waterfront area .
the incident involving a ford transit minibus and a saab car happened at about 22:15 bst on wednesday .
members of the nasuwt , meeting in bournemouth , criticised a loosening of the rules on who schools can employ to teach children .
the communist party and military - run newspapers , such as the people 's daily and the liberation army daily , are mostly carrying xinhua news agency 's round - up on the first day of the trial tucked away on the inside pages and make no mention of the case on their front pages .
media playback is not supported on this device
austin haughwout claims he was kicked out of central connecticut state university over the footage .
dwindling domestic gas and coal supplies mean the nation would become dependent on volatile imports , it adds .
the council 's cabinet had recommended changing brecon high school to an english - medium school from 1 september .
klm has added a 06:00 weekday flight from the highlands airport and an evening flight from schiphol .
the watchdog 's annual report on education standards says about a third of secondary schools in the north and midlands are not good enough .
the local authority involved , the london borough of tower hamlets , rejected a report in the times newspaper that said the foster family did not speak english .
the supreme court case related to federal law limiting gun ownership for people convicted of domestic violence .
media playback is not supported on this device
dale pike , 25 , of glynneath , neath port talbot , ` ` stood and watched '' as gareth pugh dived into the lake with a weighted belt to fish out balls .
police found the child after being called to at a home at bromsgrove cottages in faringdon at around 13:20 gmt on tuesday .
media playback is not supported on this device
the firm has reported a net profit of $ 471 m -lrb- Â # 294 m -rrb- in the three months to 8 september .
thunderstorms are short , sharp and shocking - for some literally .
the save our falmouth group organised the event in response to the latest planning applications for large scale student accommodation .
media playback is not supported on this device
well perhaps it is .
the 24-year - old world cup defender has spent the last three years with ironi ashdod in israel 's premier league .
a bounceback for us shares , a further recovery in china and a stellar performance by japanese shares helped the benchmark ftse 100 index to close 82.91 points or 1.35 % up at 6,229.01 .
the drama , which stars paul dano , lily james and james norton , has also won rave reviews .
the 5ft - long -lrb- 1.5 m -rrb- reptile has become the talk of pakefield , near lowestoft , occasionally coming down for a spot of sunbathing outside the local fish and chip shop .
margaride rufino , 38 , and anthony roberts , 37 , were found dead at an address in cross road , idle , on sunday evening .
from sunday , ipt will increase from 6 % to 9.5 % , a rise that was announced by chancellor george osborne in his summer budget .
a blue plaque has been unveiled recognising the work of edward ` ` taffy '' bowen , outside his childhood home on stepney lane , cockett .
media playback is not supported on this device
at a fringe meeting about which political party best spoke for the working class , tim aker said the 2005 ban had upped levels of hidden drinking by forcing people ` ` to retreat inwards '' .
more than 20 people are being treated in hospital with burns and other injuries after the incident in the village of hitrino , local media say .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko had earlier called for a ` ` day of silence '' , to make a widely - violated ceasefire deal stick .
it was one of 20 left at various locations by ren benson , from york , who said she just wanted to give other mothers support .
mr blair , who had strained relations with the unions when he was prime minister , said he trusted mr miliband would handle it in the ` ` right way '' .
the last episode of the itv show , which stars david tennant and olivia colman , will air on monday evening .
sen mccain has repeatedly called for the us to provide military aid to members of the syrian insurgency .
it is hoped the theatre , founded in 1875 , will be used for theatrical performances , cinema screenings , comedy and live music .
andrew steele , from dunfermline , turned at a police station and confessed to and raping one girl and touching another between 1996 and 2005 .
barclay left the warriors for wales two seasons before they clinched their maiden title .
captain scott brown scored the only goal in warsaw 's stadion narodowy , where the two sides will meet again in october in a european qualifier .
ricciardo and vettel are respectively 60 and 117 points behind leader lewis hamilton with 150 still available .
last week 's news that nigeria 's inspector general of police , ibrahim idris , wants all new recruits to the country 's police force to undergo a lie detector test can not have been an april fool 's joke as it 's now the end of august .
the man , 65 , was walking in woods near the town of buchen when he encountered the female african elephant , called baby .
sukhjit singh , from derby , was found dead in his bed while on holiday in the northern state of uttar pradesh .
two women aged , 18 and 19 from grangetown , and a third aged 19 , from london , have been charged with fraud by false representation .
scarborough athletic fc played in its home town for the first time since the club was founded in 2007 .
they said the syrian government had failed to respect the 1 june deadline for widespread aid distribution agreed by world and regional powers .
hearts ' majority shareholder ann budge hopes fans can drive this income via continued pledges to the foundation of hearts -lrb- foh -rrb- and support of the club .
sir gareth attended a ceremony at windsor castle on thursday , after being named in the queen 's birthday honours list in june .
meden sports centre in warsop , nottinghamshire , has faced ongoing maintenance issues with a temporary closures and Â # 500,000 spent on repairs .
mr duncan smith has warned the government risks dividing society with politically - motivated spending cuts .
the militants , who call themselves sinai province , posted pictures online of what looked like a missile followed by a large explosion on the ship .
nhs digital confirmed so many nhs staff use the search engine that it had started asking them to take a quiz to verify they were ` ` not a robot '' .
` ` this film will help bridge the gap between people of the indian mainland and those from the north - eastern states , '' mary kom told the bbc .
the court heard that a further pregnancy would be a ` ` significantly life - threatening event '' for both the mother and child .
kirsty blackman , snp mp for aberdeen north , found a toy rabbit at the carriage gates entrance last july .
the 25-year - old scored five goals in 15 appearances for the loftus road side last season but finished the campaign on loan at mk dons .
inspectors in abattoirs used to be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for signs of disease .
comley , 20 , has played twice for the r 's first - team and signed a two - year deal at loftus road in may , having been with the club since the age of nine .
williams , who took cuthbert 's place on the wing during the six nations , will miss wales ' first two warm up matches following foot surgery .
lindsay rimer , 13 , was found in the rochdale canal five months after she disappeared in hebden bridge in november 1994 .
police forces tasked with implementing strict state interpretations of islamic morality exist in several other states , including saudi arabia , sudan and malaysia .
the 30-year - old has played 12 times for orient since joining in october .
the supporters had been on a stadium tour but managed to cut themselves off from the remainder of the party .
police said the 29-year - old man was attacked at the gorbals venue 's island bar at about 01:30 .
on 11 january , 32-year - old whittingham will have been with the bluebirds a decade , but his latest deal in the welsh capital runs out in the summer .
the bloc 's leader , lars lokke rasmussen , looks likely to succeed helle thorning - schmidt as prime minister .
one former worker told bbc two 's newsnight that staff were told of complaints about a client who sexually exploited girls he met there , off site .
the company is working on technology that combines disease - detecting nanoparticles , which would enter a patient 's bloodstream via a swallowed pill , with a wrist - worn sensor .
the figures come from a report produced by the ni statistics and research agency -lrb- nisra -rrb- .
profits for the three months to march rose to $ 3.8 bn -lrb- Â # 2.6 bn -rrb- , compared with $ 2.1 bn for the same period in 2015 .
the 60-year - old was a passenger in a car that was involved in a collision with a van on the foreglen road in claudy at about 16:00 bst on tuesday .
the clashes , between sunni pro- and anti - syrian groups , followed the shooting dead on sunday of two anti - syrian clerics .
holdsworth , 47 , beat takeover offers from banker roger tamraz and bolton wanderers supporters ' trust .
a two - vehicle crash on the a470 , between church street in rhayader and the llangurig roundabout , happened shortly after 11:45 gmt on friday .
it 's not that surprising that even an experienced gardener like him looks a bit awkward .
attempt saved .
it was 1993 and muhammad ali was in glasgow signing books with his friend , the photographer , howard bingham .
tareck el - aissami was described by the us treasury as a drug ` ` kingpin '' who worked with traffickers in mexico and colombia to ship drugs to america .
tidal energy specialist nova innovation said this was the first offshore tidal array in the world to deliver electricity to the grid .
although there is some scepticism surrounding the claim , the international community has condemned the action .
the 28-year - old has signed a four - year contract after passing a medical and becomes spurs ' third summer signing .
fans got the happy ending they had been waiting for as the title character , created by miranda hart , got married .
the weather service said flooding could happen in the east after heavy rains set in on thursday .
the midfielder more than 150 appearances for dale before joining tranmere in 2012 , and returned for a loan spell in 2013 .
resuming on 193 - 7 , still needing 65 to make the visitors bat again , leach -lrb- 90 -rrb- and barnard -lrb- 42 -rrb- put on 100 to help worcestershire post 349 .
media playback is not supported on this device
the fa said it is alleged ferdinand ` ` used abusive and/or insulting words and/or behaviour towards a match official in or around the tunnel area . ''
the ska group tweeted the news : ` ` it is with deep regret that we say goodbye to our great friend , the world 's greatest drummer , our beloved brad .
he is one of 249 men suing the catholic church over alleged historical sexual abuse at st william 's residential school in market weighton .
media playback is not supported on this device
all the papers report on the prospect of a linfield v celtic match if linfield make the champions league qualifier at windsor park on 11 july .
steven dunne , 42 , failed to return to southview low secure unit , hellingly , at 17:00 bst on wednesday .
after an urgent meeting in new york , the council said it would soon adopt a new sanctions resolution in response .
clarkson , 30 , joined premiership well for a second spell in july and could make his st mirren debut in the championship against alloa on saturday .
imran khan , 33 , is accused of taking the girl from nairne street in burnley , lancashire , at 16:00 gmt on thursday .
korean firm doosan power systems is to locate a research centre in renfrew employing up to 200 people .
mahalia hamid said she and her friends were told they could not enter volt as they ` ` did not fit the criteria '' .
police in australia and europe were aware of a paedophile site called the love zone hidden in the so - called dark web .
axel springer is one of europe 's largest digital publishing houses , owning multimedia titles such as bild , welt , and fakt .
the office for national statistics experts base their projections on current and future survival trends .
amarmandakh sukhbaatar was performing in the country 's capital ulan bator when the alleged attack took place .
fairfax said on wednesday it would cut 125 editorial jobs - a quarter of its newsroom - to absorb slumping revenues .
i ' m not sure that is the right description for the 2016 us election campaign , but some variation on that must come close - maybe instead of ` greatest ' we could have weirdest , most compelling , unpredictable , disturbing , hate - filled , bizarre .
arlene foster was speaking after a meeting of the executive on thursday afternoon .
think of iraq and afghanistan - their crystal ball is often as muddy as yours or mine .
the 51-year - old man , who has not been named , was arrested in north yorkshire on wednesday following a complaint made to durham constabulary .
galvani bioelectronics hopes to bring a new treatment based on the technique before regulators within seven years .
the 27-year - old former aberdeen forward , who moved to blackburn for # 2 m in 2011 , has signed a one - year deal at league two side plymouth argyle .
he called for more sobriety in a world obsessed by ` ` consumerism and hedonism , wealth and extravagance '' .
the cornerstone of treatment , anti - retroviral therapy , kills the virus in the bloodstream but leaves ` ` hiv reservoirs '' untouched .
akpan , 25 , had a goal disallowed for handball in tuesday 's loss at sheffield wednesday , before being shown a red card by scott duncan for his protests .
deila 's side visit romania 's astra giurgiu on thursday knowing a win , coupled with a salzburg victory over dinamo zagreb , will seal qualification .
the group that did it has revealed scripts from upcoming movies as well as the salaries of some of the biggest stars and personal emails between employees .
the competition which takes place on the clyde this weekend , between glasgow and edinburgh universities , was first staged 140 years ago .
kayleigh haywood , from measham in leicestershire , was found dead last november .
sutton opened the scoring after 13 minutes when kevin amankwaah laid the ball back for roarie deacon to fire in .
the 36-year - old former coventry city , derby county , stoke city and watford midfielder has signed a one - year deal and will take charge in the summer .
the then - prime minister called the german leader days before the eu referendum , as opinion polls seemed to show voters moving to the leave camp .
new head coach paul clement had confirmed club legend and former caretaker boss curtis would no longer be involved with the first team .
interest and participation has increased hugely in recent years across the country , according to the outdoor swimming society .
the royal cornwall hospital trust said it was overwhelmed over easter and is struggling to discharge patients .
ukip is looking for a new leader following the shock resignation of diane james , who had succeeded nigel farage after the eu referendum .
two reports , published in november , criticised the regulator at the time for failing to take action .
the 23 year - old stroked the gb boat to a fast start and they were ahead after 500 m but european champions , romania and new zealand proved too strong .
google confirmed the plan to the bbc 's newsround programme , saying it wanted to focus on ` ` formats that work well for both users and advertisers '' .
coronation street , which celebrates 50 years on the screen in december , picked up a special honorary award .
the final member of the family , a male marmoset called gomez , was found by police on monday , having been abandoned on a vets ' doorstep .
the bournemouth striker , who has been included in a 27-man final squad , has yet to receive official clearance from fifa to play for the country of his parents .
the rugby football league revealed a consortium was considering a formal bid for the financially - troubled bulls with a sale expected after christmas .
the dons boss has guided his team to successive second - place finishes in the scottish premiership , and lifted the 2014 league cup .
media playback is not supported on this device
james holmes , 24 , is accused of opening fire at a midnight showing of the new batman movie last friday , killing 12 and wounding 58 .
an environment agency severe flood warning - meaning danger to life - was removed from the a361 between east lyng and burrowbridge on 10 march .
the former oceana nightclub building will be demolished in october and replaced with a new office block .
but wins for kent and lancashire later in the evening meant they were eliminated from the competition .
all 10 had their passports confiscated after they were detained at montreal 's trudeau international airport at the weekend .
the man , who was in his 60s , died at silverthorn avenue in the town and police were informed of his death just after 12:00 gmt on tuesday .
they said the indian prime minister stole the show when he rolled out his yoga mat and eased uncomfortably into the lotus position to help break the world record for what is claimed to be the largest yoga session in history .
the referee was happy with conditions when he arrived at 11:00 gmt , but the situation deteriorated and he called the game off after a 13:00 inspection .
the pound has gained 1 % and although the stock market is down more than 2 % , a lot of that happened before theresa may called a snap election for 8 june .
the men from the 1st battalion the yorkshire regiment sat on the floor when ordered to stand to attention .
police said they were called to wingfield road , alfreton , at about 03:55 bst on monday , where the body was discovered .
the island 's conservative executive council voted against a motion of no confidence in andrew turner .
core earnings fell 41 % to $ 1.59 bn -lrb- Â # 1.03 bn -rrb- , with pre - tax profits down to $ 708 m from $ 1.9 bn a year earlier .
the judges said neurotribes : the legacy of autism and how to think smarter about people who think differently was a ` ` tour de force '' of journalistic and scientific research .
the woman , who was just 14 at the time , told detectives how she believed howard was trying to rape her in his flat in castlederg , in the early 1990s .
the ex - pupils were caught up in a violent dispute outside holy cross primary school in 2001 , which made headlines around the world at the time .
now in his 60s , othman and fellow villagers in the town of wana , 22 miles -lrb- 35 km -rrb- north - east of mosul , still depend on the dam as a vital source of water and irrigation for his crops .
the fire started at south wales wood recycling in heol llan , coity , just before 03:30 bst on monday .
the 23-year - old midfielder was signed a year ago after being released by hull city , but an ankle injury restricted him to only 13 league starts last term .
the new charge will be imposed from april 2017 and help ensure that big business shoulders the cost of training workers , george osborne said .
the highly symbolic visit , mr xi 's first since becoming leader in 2012 , comes amid an increasingly tense political climate .
the charity is campaigning to help protect ancient or old trees , that have grown in the uk for hundreds of years .
the pair , aged 24 and 25 , were arrested in a raid in the western suburb of fairfield on tuesday .
the seagulls remain one point ahead of second - placed newcastle .
charlene walker , 36 , suffered a single stab wound at the darlington home of julie gowling in december .
the france midfielder has accepted a violent conduct charge for the incident during saturday 's goalless draw .
the serbs lost 6 - 4 6 - 4 to brazilians marcelo melo and bruno soares in rio .
he headed in daniel johnson 's free - kick as preston inflicted a first home defeat of the season on the canaries .
the dinosaurs were able to make the journey when a spell of warming allowed passage over frozen land bridges between the continents .
a report by the food and agriculture organization said agriculture accounted for about a fifth of emissions , which it said needed to be reduced .
the conservative minister said he was inviting other political parties for talks on securing ` ` the best possible devolution settlement for wales '' .
the newly minted millionaire was reported to have just returned from a holiday with his family when they were told the news .
the environment agency -lrb- ea -rrb- , which manages it , has chosen the severn and wye fish smokery as its preferred bidder to become its new custodian .
if this volume is hard to visualise , imagine the earth 's entire land surface covered in a layer some 180 m deep .
the transocean winner , which has diesel on board , was under tow west of lewis when it was hit by severe storms .
more than 100 people have been arrested as officers were attacked , police vehicles damaged and shops looted .
are those voices being heard when it comes to the election ?
the 25-year - old , who is 6 ft 9ins tall , joined the minstermen from tranmere rovers on a two - year deal in may , but has only made five appearances .
coleraine 's peter chambers and englishman will fletcher are into the semi - finals of the men 's lightweight double sculls .
in an election pledge , labour said giving working parents 30 hours free childcare a week for 48 weeks of the year would cost an extra # 84 m annually .
jack keene , 17 , from hertfordshire , was involved in a collision between a renault clio and a minibus on the a4086 near capel curig in which five other people were injured .
one of the most shocking aspects of the government 's decision to spend # 9 m on a campaign to promote britain 's eu membership - judging by social media reaction - is that it is based around leafleting .
flanker peter o'mahony captains the side in rotorua , with tour skipper sam warburton on the replacements ' bench .
landlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a house of multiple occupation -lrb- hmo -rrb- .
seven months after mourinho 's arrival as successor to louis van gaal , united are sixth in the premier league , 13 points behind leaders chelsea and six points adrift of the top four to guarantee champions league qualification .
an emoji of the chilean flag is widely available while one of the texas flag is not yet .
an emotional murray , 29 , secured a thrilling 7 - 5 4 - 6 6 - 2 7 - 5 victory to make it gb 's most successful day at an overseas games with five gold medals .
enforcement company kingdom services hands out on the spot fines .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- said he had been told not to report for training with the rest of the players on monday .
briton eleanor hawkins , canadians lindsey and danielle peterson , and dutchman dylan snel admitted causing a public disturbance .
the witness also said her family had been forced to move to spain to escape her daughter 's alleged abusers .
as ron jones , from newport , prepares to mark holocaust memorial day on friday with a service at the city 's cathedral , he says that amongst all the terrible memories , there will also be a few which will make him smile .
the us ambassador to bangladesh condemned the killing of xulhaz mannan , who also worked at the us embassy .
edinburgh university found chronic pain is caused partly by a person 's genetic make - up and partly by as - yet - unidentified risk factors shared by partners in the same environment .
the 27-year - old still had two years left on his existing deal but he has now committed himself to new road for another season .
yet today we expect new inventions to be born in anonymous laboratories after the submission of several grant proposals .
from april 2016 , those in england and wales will have to pay a 3 % surcharge on each stamp duty band .
the historical institutional abuse inquiry is examining allegations of abuse in state - run children 's homes and other institutions in northern ireland .
the 32-year - old right - back has been with arsenal since the age of eight and has won nine league titles during her time at the club .
the barcelona striker is ahead of team - mate lionel messi , who is valued by academics at # 149 m .
the meeting 's organiser , louai hussein , called for an end to the government 's brutal crackdown on protesters and for a peaceful transition to democracy .
they were brought to the capital lima by air from an isolated valley in the amazon region .
police were called to nuthurst park in moston , manchester , just before 18:55 bst on saturday .
during the live stream the woman , who called herself oceane , said she had been raped , before taking her own life on the tracks at egly station 25 miles -lrb- 40 km -rrb- south of paris .
hinchingbrooke hospital in cambridgeshire , run by circle , was branded ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- last month .
speaking in seattle at the start of his state visit to the us , mr xi said foreign firms were welcome in china , and that beijing would not manipulate its currency to boost exports .
shillington , who made 90 appearances in the 50-over format , will continue to play twenty20 internationals .
the 22-year - old clocked 19.95 seconds representing louisiana state university at the southeastern conference -lrb- sec -rrb- championships in tuscaloosa , alabama .
the 28-year - old footballer 's contract was terminated hours after he was dropped for saturday 's premier league match against manchester united .
wanda campbell , 43 , of auchenmalg near newton stewart , was jailed for three years earlier this month .
nine - month - old millie thompson , of stockport , fatally choked on her lunch at ramillies hall school and nursery in cheadle hulme in october 2012 .
keane , 23 , who has played for england at under-19 , under-20 and under-21 levels , will report to st george 's park on tuesday with the rest of the squad .
her husband , arif yunus , was given seven years on similar charges .
the charge follows the mass fracas in the 95th minute of the game at etihad stadium , which chelsea won 3 - 1 .
in his long - shot appeal , simpson argues his defence lawyer was ineffective .
the attacks on monday and tuesday took place in the villages of debiro hawul and debiro bi in borno state .
the limestone monument , which the labour leader suggested could be placed in the garden of number 10 , has already attracted widespread comment .
a photo was posted by bbc scotland 's north east twitter account on sunday evening after the sight was spotted in aberdeen , and followers joined in .
the norwegian , who also won the sixth stage of the race in lisieux , proved the strongest of a breakaway group of 14 riders over the stage 's final climb .
kane scored both goals as spurs came from behind to secure a 2 - 1 win over arsenal at white hart lane .
carol boardman sustained serious injuries after a collision with a pick - up truck as she was cycling in connah 's quay , flintshire , on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
but potentially that is just the tip of the iceberg .
the canaries , who won thanks to jonny howson 's goal , are second in the championship with two wins from three .
the reds led in the 15th minute when divock origi flicked in from close range before roberto firmino made it 2 - 0 , heading in nathaniel clyne 's cross .
the partnership running the current system in rhyl , prestatyn and rhuddlan say it is not sustainable and has agreed to pass it to cheshire west and chester council .
the club 's latest accounts , for the year ending may 2014 , also show the bluebirds owe around # 174 m - most of it to owner vincent tan .
the cub will be the first giant panda to be born in hong kong .
the 73-year - old man who died from a stab wound at a property at oxford court in ogmore vale has been named as gwilym jones .
luke berry came closest to opening the scoring in the first half but saw his effort from piero mingoia 's low cross deflected narrowly off target .
the university of wisconsin successfully claimed that apple used its microchip technology without permission in some iphones and ipads .
la liga and european champions madrid won 2 - 0 on wednesday night to complete a 5 - 1 aggregate victory .
the vehicle was taken from a farm in tilney st lawrence , near king 's lynn , norfolk shortly before 20:00 gmt on saturday .
mr jepson , who died in august , began his affiliation with the club in the 1960s and was named president in 2004 .
the tyco bmw rider , who was injured in a 130 mph crash at ireland 's corner last august , also sat out this year 's north west 200 and isle of man tt .
defence minister mark lancaster said 12,565 of the homes were ` ` expected to materialise in this parliament '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
bbc wiltshire report the 23-year - old forward left sixfields before kick - off , having been told he was n't involved in the squad for the league one match .
his government has lasted just more than a year , with limited support from the main opposition party , fianna fáil .
she is the first non - white female cabinet - level official appointed to the incoming trump administration .
burials were held for 33 of the 84 people whose bodies have been recovered .
media playback is not supported on this device
imaginative thinking would be required to ensure trade between northern ireland and the republic of ireland was not affected , said mr ahern .
the mural , called slave labour , disappeared from a wall in wood green , north london , in february and appeared in a miami sale .
the oscar - winning john ford film has been conserved in the us national film registry for its ` ` cultural , historical , or aesthetic '' significance .
the militants do not meet in such large numbers in ` ` one spot '' because of the threat of an attack , a spokesman said .
concerns had been raised over readiness of the two countries to co - host the competition amid threats of fan violence and racism .
the album , currently untitled , will be released in the autumn by motown records .
the shelter - in a hollow left behind by a fallen tree - at blick mead was used over a 90-year period from 4336 bc , it is believed .
diabetes uk cymru says there are now 177,212 people in wales living with the condition .
alan wright and his wife visited sissinghurst castle garden in cranbrook in september 2015 .
the 97 jobs will be created over the next five years .
anthony knockaert headed wide early on but striker baldock made no mistake shortly after , guiding gaetan bong 's cross into the top corner .
the exiles were top of their group but the results of their first two matches in pool two have been wiped out .
a spanish court has suspended a ban on the former france midfielder and world cup winner , 42 , coaching real madrid castilla .
those who participated in the aberdeen children of the 1950s project , which saw all primary pupils aged seven to 12 surveyed by the medical research council in 1962 , have been contacted .
officers are searching 18 premises in london and one in stoke - on - trent .
both jenny rathbone and mike hedges are applying separately to take part in a ballot which , if they win , will allow them to propose a bill to ban the fees .
he was seriously injured in a bomb attack in afghanistan in 2006 .
mr murray , who was elected as labour 's only scottish mp in 2015 , held the edinburgh south seat with 26,269 votes .
the panther chameleon was found on monday by a dog walker in the wooded area at marl park .
the aeroplane is a larger version of its new cseries aircraft .
phil smith , chief executive of it company cisco , likened the situation to not having access to water or a road and said businesses would not be able to survive without it .
workie , as the animal is called , will star in a tv advertising campaign that starts on wednesday evening .
one met police officer received an overtime payment of # 45,000 last year , a freedom of information request found .
six suicide attackers and an afghan security guard were killed .
garbutt , 26 , was sent off in the 71st minute of his side 's 38 - 4 loss for punching opponent james tamou .
from her early days as a prodigious youngster , the career - threatening injury , the comeback and first world title to the iconic gold at london 2012 .
the taylors will , we are assured , make ` ` quite an entrance '' when they arrive in albert square this summer , giving the resident walfordians ` ` a rude awakening '' .
morgan owen , from buckley , flintshire , died after being restrained on 5 december .
jones , 31 , suffered a shin injury while on international duty with trinidad and tobago on tuesday .
the # 14.8 bn project 's 1,000-tonne boring machine has broken into the eastern end of liverpool street crossrail station .
firstgroup takes over on sunday amid ongoing disputes over driver - operated doors and the role of train guards .
media playback is not supported on this device
mike welch , chief executive of blackcircles.com , can expect to gain a third of that sale price , while staying with the company .
after going down to 12 men , following ben flower 's red card , wigan scored 21 unanswered points to triumph .
not far away , in brooklyn bridge park , where once derelict piers have been converted into outdoor sports centres , the soccer pitches are usually more crowded than the basketball courts .
iva barr , from bedford , was taking part in her 20th marathon , completing about 14 miles of the route .
media playback is not supported on this device
next month , archaeologists will begin work off the coast of kenya to identify a wreck believed to have belonged to the man some historians believe inspired the adventures of sinbad the sailor .
ryan morse , from brynithel , blaenau gwent , died on 8 december 2012 from undiagnosed addison 's disease .
scientists have struggled to explain the so - called pause that began in 1999 , despite ever increasing levels of co2 in the atmosphere .
uk - based chatham house says more needs to be done to protect key transport routes such as the panama canal , the suez canal and the turkish straits .
in an unexpected move , greece 's culture minister said the country would pursue a ` ` diplomatic and political '' approach to retrieving the sculptures instead .
the bluebirds are seven points adrift of the championship play - off places and have been placed under a transfer embargo .
gary price was suspended from all council duties for five months in november after powys council 's standards committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct .
intense negotiations are under way between political parties amid public anger at a one - off levy of up to 10 % being imposed on savers .
having arrived at adams park with super league honours and international recognition behind him , injury and personal issues brought a premature end to smith 's big move to the premiership .
mr trump has been to the property seven times this year , including when he hosted foreign leaders .
the ex - germany captain , who has trained alone or with the under-23s under new boss jose mourinho , was named in their 25-man premier league squad on friday .
under a five - year plan released on wednesday , the cost of stamps will also rise and as many as 8,000 jobs will be eliminated .
he accepted the offer of an alliance from francois bayrou , another centrist and devout roman catholic .
australian of the year and domestic violence campaigner rosie batty said on thursday the ` ` unsafe '' camps must close .
carwyn jones said wales had a ` ` proud tradition of being a friendly and hospitable nation '' .
peers were due to resume line - by - line scrutiny on 9 february but that has now been put back until 22 february .
the site at knottingley , west yorkshire is to burn fuel from refuse , industrial and commercial waste including wood , said operator multifuel energy ltd . .
the private caixin / markit manufacturing purchasing managers ' index -lrb- pmi -rrb- dropped to 47.8 in july from 49.4 in the previous month .
maya kodnani , an ex - minister and aide to chief minister narendra modi , is the most senior figure so far convicted .
on 12 february 1942 , the 18 pilots left raf manston in six swordfish torpedo bombers to try to stop three german battle cruisers in the channel .
she was artificially inseminated earlier this year after attempts to bring her together with male partner , yang guang , failed .
lucio barani was said to have gestured in the direction of barbara lezzi from the opposition five star movement -lrb- m5s -rrb- on friday .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 26 may and 2 june .
more than a new way of playing video games , a cynic might say .
routine monitoring by argyll and bute council discovered raised levels of algal toxins in loch melfort and seil sound .
the announcement follows last week 's warning that a vast area of china would be badly hit by pollution .
she had the ` ` biggest year of her career '' , playing 95 shows , bringing in an average $ 2.4 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- per city , according to forbes .
the court rejected campaigners ' claims ministers were acting illegally by not suspending weapon sales to the kingdom , which is fighting a war in yemen .
the decision of the monetary policy committee -lrb- mpc -rrb- to leave rates at their new , historically low , level was no surprise .
23 january 2017 last updated at 07:17 gmt
media playback is not supported on this device
it backed plans to issue fines initially , and only resort to criminal charges for repeat offenders .
profits fell to # 14 m compared with # 32 m a year earlier .
the 32-year - old was making his debut at the tt after recovering from a serious accident at last year 's north west 200 .
lauro bertulano , 46 , and rebecca jones , 31 , neglected patients on a specialist stroke ward at princess of wales hospital in bridgend .
they have not been seen since 17 may after visiting their home country of bangladesh .
the event at the university of wolverhampton sports complex in walsall will feature a number of rio 2016 paralympic medallists .
china has one of the biggest air pollution problems in the world .
noah yabbacome , 24 , was arrested after police raided the st nicholas vicarage in lincoln where his father david was the parish vicar .
john terry 's measured side - foot shot gave the blues the lead after the hosts failed to clear their lines when mata 's free - kick hit the outside of the post .
mr duckenfield was match commander at the fa cup semi - final when 96 liverpool fans were fatally injured in a crush .
the home side surged to an early lead at pittodrie when ryan christie scored with a header after just four minutes .
over 100 shops in the coastal town of cumana were hit and at least one person died according to local media .
rhodri colwyn philipps , 50 - the 4th viscount st davids - wrote the message four days after ms miller won a brexit legal challenge against the government .
state department officials and mr bae 's sister were quoted as saying the 45-year - old had been returned from a hospital to the camp on 20 january .
after the start of day three had been delayed until 17:15 bst , wakely -lrb- 112 -rrb- and keogh -lrb- 105 not out -rrb- combined to move the hosts from 60 - 3 to 214 - 3 .
they had known andrei karlov well , the ambassador gunned down in ankara .
2 september 2016 last updated at 10:43 bst
at times it felt disjointed as the local parties fought over different territory .
rees says they felt there was ` ` no drama '' trailing 14 - 7 at half - time .
met police barrister richard horwell qc said suspects dmitry kovtun and andrei lugovoi had no personal motive to kill .
he crossed his hands above his head as he finished the race - a gesture made by ethiopia 's oromo people who have suffered brutal police crackdowns .
media playback is not supported on this device
gwent police said it was ` ` extremely concerned '' after five incidents potentially linked to heroin were reported between 23 october and friday .
the victims were found in raids at three restaurants in coventry , wolverhampton and west bromwich and an address in handsworth , birmingham .
it found almost half a million people have had to leave work for medical reasons within five years before they were due to retire .
the vehicle smashed into the house in west pennard , near glastonbury , somerset , after colliding with an articulated lorry on the a361 .
flight ezy6238 was carrying 170 passengers from berlin to bristol on sunday when it was diverted to amsterdam 's schiphol airport .
jim mccafferty , 71 , appeared before belfast magistrates ' court charged with eight counts of touching a boy under the age of 16 .
the security forces are reported to have used tear gas against stone - throwing protesters .
natalie hemming , 31 , of alderney avenue , newton leys , was reported missing on tuesday .
the grant will see six hectares of broadcroft quarry in portland , dorset , restored and opened as a trail .
the labour leader , who is battling against challenger owen smith to retain his job , has said he will ` ` rebuild and transform britain 's transport system '' .
kensington and chelsea council won an earlier case against sophie sotello in the magistrates ' court after she refused to comply with the order .
work was due to begin this week on demolishing prestatyn community hospital which closed two years ago .
the boy had lived with the twin in his stomach his whole life , but went to hospital after complaining of pain .
police now believe that the 26-year - old man from rochdale took a crystallised and unrefined version of the drug spice .
the 32-year - old ex - celtic and brighton winger joined the hatters on a two - year deal last summer and played 26 times .
the 11-month - old is on life support at great ormond street hospital -lrb- gosh -rrb- .
the 30-year - old is in his second spell with the saints , having returned after two years with hibernian in 2015 .
dundee west mp chris law was questioned by police in september in relation to his spirit of independence referendum campaign in 2014 .
thomas hunter , 59 , of mansfield road , mansfield , had admitted causing the eight - vehicle crash on the a34 at hinksey hill , oxford , on 25 august .
guinea finish bottom of group a having needed a win against argentina to have any chance of progressing .
almost one million people have been evacuated from coastal areas in anticipation of a typhoon carrying wind speeds of 173 km/h -lrb- 107 mph -rrb- .
23 march 2017 last updated at 00:00 gmt
prison link cymru had 1,099 referrals in 2015 - 16 and said some ex - offenders were living rough for up to a year before finding suitable accommodation .
the ecb has also appointed ex - test batsman james whitaker as chairman of selectors after announcing geoff miller 's surprise resignation .
the members say they 'll continue as a four - piece after zayn malik announced he was leaving the group last week to ` ` live like a normal 22-year - old '' .
north korea had requested the body , but has not confirmed its identity .
four masked men forced their way into the house in dunraven avenue around 22:15 bst on friday .
28 june 2016 last updated at 08:03 bst
the education policy institute think tank has produced a league table of academy trusts and councils in england .
regulator nhs improvement had wanted to publish data on the scale of hospital deficits but was advised against it by the government .
isabelle prime , 30 , touched down at villacoublay air base on friday where she was greeted by her family and the french president francois hollande .
st davids in pembrokeshire and swansea both hope to inherit the title from hull in 2021 .
a further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes .
the 38-year - old slow left - armer took 5 - 3 against new zealand during sri lanka 's 2014 world t20-winning run .
sinead higgins , 37 , and son oisin o'driscoll were found after police forced their way into the house in the fairway , ruislip , west london on wednesday .
an area of the town near the swimming pool had been evacuated for most of the morning and early afternoon .
about 70 people were injured and many are feared trapped beneath the seven - storey bloc in thane after the incident on thursday evening .
kent police said the sittingbourne man died at the scene and his family have been informed .
every owner of a gadget piloted via a touchscreen has spent time rubbing it with a tissue , a cloth or a sleeve gripped round the heel of the hand to banish those unsightly marks .
two children who go to the miles of smiles nursery in baglan have been confirmed as having the virus , while five others are being tested .
the availability of psychoactive drugs was also a concern following a spate of hospital admissions .
the 28-year - old former manchester city defender joined the club , initially on loan , from brentford in january 2014 .
alexander ankvab reportedly retreated to his home town gudauta , 40 km -lrb- 25 miles -rrb- away , when talks with the opposition broke down .
members of the city council 's transport and environment committee agreed on tuesday a traffic regulation order enabling the charges .
it hopes to attract both foreign tourists and domestic visitors as part of efforts to diversify the saudi economy , as oil prices have fallen .
westley lasted five months and became county 's second boss sacked this term .
baroness newlove said 15 % of victims had been given the opportunity to make a victim statement in 2015/16 .
deputy hunter adam handed the bailiff richard collas a letter informing him of the decision following a recess for his board to discuss its options .
the fall of the town is a boost for the rebels as they battle to capture the divided city of aleppo .
roger dodds , now 81 , was sentenced to 16 years in prison for abusing male colleagues and students who came to him seeking educational grants .
it could be over in hours - or it could take weeks .
bottas , on whom williams have a contractual hold , is ferrari 's number one option should they decide not to retain kimi raikkonen alongside sebastian vettel .
as abid naseer started his cross - examination in a new york courtroom of the police officer who searched his manchester bedroom in 2009 , he commented it was nice to hear a mancunian accent again .
jacqueline mcphie , 46 , took the money while vice president for finance at altus intervention in aberdeen between march 2013 and april 2014 .
the 17-year - old has made seven appearances for the bairns this season and it had been suggested several english clubs were also interested .
the airport is in competition with heathrow to win approval for an additional runway .
the jury ruled that neither sheriff 's officials nor jailers committed a crime in their treatment of bland .
it said in a report that cuts had not been applied equally since 2010 , with local authorities in the poorest areas seeing the biggest reductions .
hodgson made six changes , including resting captain wayne rooney , from the win against wales - but a limp performance means chris coleman 's side finish top of group b and england 's life is now more difficult if they go deeper into euro 2016 .
media playback is unsupported on your device
warning : readers may find some of the details of violence in this piece distressing .
speaking in vienna , us secretary of state john kerry said world powers would back libya in seeking exemption from a un arms embargo .
media playback is not supported on this device
mandy fader , professor of continence technology at the university of southampton , says their design has changed ` ` very little '' in 80 years .
the 27-year - old dominated from the start , flooring his opponent in the 10th round and winning 120 - 108 , 119 - 108 and 117 - 110 on the judges ' scorecards .
that is in part because of its heritage architecture , but more so because of what is inside - the headquarters of the tata group , one of india 's oldest and biggest conglomerates with more than 100 companies that have interests ranging from tea and telecoms , to salt and steel .
john johnston , 27 , admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit .
in a long - awaited report , the un human rights office accused both sides of atrocities , especially during the final stages of the war in 2009 .
the announcement came hours after the pirates and naval forces exchanged gunfire over a boat believed to be carrying supplies to the hijackers .
stuart campbell was arrested in the west of england on friday following a complaint from a woman in south london .
the group made a loss of $ 219 m -lrb- Â # 175.1 m -rrb- compared with the same time last year when profits were $ 106 m .
earlier this summer , the actress said she was ` ` appalled and angry '' about a billboard advert for her movie red shoes & the 7 dwarfs , which suggested being overweight made you less beautiful .
summer wroniecki broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd at duffus park in cupar , fife , on saturday afternoon .
this country 's dramatic political changes have passed them by .
causanagh road , loughgall
india 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- grew by 5.3 % in the quarter compared with a year earlier , data showed .
the 23-year - old , on loan from chelsea , saved a penalty in normal time and one in a shoot - out when the chairboys knocked blackpool out of the efl trophy in january .
griffin place communications limited , in llantarnam , cwmbran , employed up to 140 people , with many staff claiming they were sacked days before .
the 65-year - old was found dead in the garden of his gated home in south weald in june 2015 .
the home secretary and tory leadership candidate told the daily mail it would be ` ` sheer madness '' to give up the uk 's nuclear deterrent because of the threat posed by countries including russia .
the team at king 's college london say smokers are more likely to develop the disorder and at a younger age .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 24-year - old has started three of exeter 's four games this season .
it 's perceived as the least corrupt country , with the longest surviving multiparty democracy on the continent , and boasts one of the world 's fastest - growing economies .
sharon forbes and her daughter savannah filmed the man , alex davies , at a national action rally in bath .
the cargo ship ss politician , which had 28,000 cases of whisky , sank off eriskay in western isles 75 years ago .
this huge housing project - now one of the most desirable addresses in gaza - was built since 2012 with money from qatar and named after the former ruler of the wealthy gulf state .
petro poroshenko said 80 % of ukraine 's troops left on wednesday morning after several days of fierce fighting .
ashley sibery , 39 , persuaded sital sibery to take the class a drug minutes after she confronted him about his drug habit in their home .
an independent report commissioned by the department of health estimated these groups cost the nhs # 2bn a year .
arsenal will play chelsea on 6 august at wembley stadium , and # 1.25 m could be raised from the match .
rmt members working for calmac are preparing to hold a second 24-hour strike on friday .
the storms over the weekend killed six people , including two girl guides who were crushed by a falling tree .
wednesday 's matinee was curtailed before that evening 's show was called off completely .
shyamal kanti bhakta , who is a hindu , was made to hold his ears while performing squats , before being beaten .
the tanker hit the central reservation halfway between junction 32 for coryton and junction 33 , cardiff west , at about 17:45 gmt on monday .
the 50 km -lrb- 31 mile -rrb- hk ultramarathon saw competitors cover the same stretch of road 25 times .
margarita louis - dreyfus , marseille 's billionaire owner , said in april that she would sell the club following poor results and protests from fans .
the fact that the government is no longer even the biggest shareholder marks an important return to near normality .
the 30-year - old joined city for # 13.8 m from celta vigo last summer and made 30 appearances , scoring six times .
a pedestrian was killed when he was hit by a car on the a22 caterham bypass 23:00 gmt on saturday .
the team is processing satellite images to show how rocks in a belt that stretches from europe 's alps to china are slowly accumulating strain .
the powerful storm swept across the pacific islands on saturday leaving thousands of people homeless .
this is demonstrably false .
two men have already been arrested and questioned on suspicion of theft and fraud offences .
wes morgan remains out with a back injury and nampalys mendy is a doubt .
kevin hyland told the bbc it was ` ` deeply concerning '' that hundreds of nigerians were brought in every year for prostitution or forced labour .
some of the men come from families with close links to the government .
the 79-year - old from old colwyn , conwy county was jailed for 12 years for historical child sex abuse on friday .
28 august 2015 last updated at 14:08 bst
that 's according to a new report by a senior group of mps .
25 november 2015 last updated at 00:26 gmt
he is accused of fraud by cheating while riding for the publicly funded us postal service team .
the bank said it aimed to raise $ 5.1 bn through the rights issue and would cut 15,000 jobs by 2018 .
the breakdown service , which also reported a rise in personal memberships of 0.4 % to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of january , said it had so far absorbed the price rise .
restrictions are in place between 11:00 and 18:00 on two sections of fishergate and were introduced on a trial basis on 31 october 2016 to reduce congestion .
loren davis was driving at 100 km/h -lrb- 62 mph -rrb- on an expressway in adelaide on tuesday when she hit the koala as it was crossing the road .
it is being performed at curve theatre in leicester , the city where townsend lived and where the book is set .
a ` ` terrorist hide '' was uncovered at capanagh forest near larne after two members of the public found suspicious objects in the woods on saturday .
in articulating why the tournament needed a dramatic overhaul , dodson spoke about ` ` bleak prospects '' and ` ` perfect storms '' if everything stayed the same .
hanson academy strictly enforced its school uniform policy on tuesday , with almost 10 % of pupils failing to reach the academy 's standards .
more than 80,000 people were in croke park for the homecoming show to mark 30 years since the joshua tree album .
wales paid a high price for failing to make their extra numbers count when the wallabies were reduced to 13 men for seven minutes in the second half .
john stevenson wright was sentenced at manchester crown court to 18 months for sexually abusing darren kenny .
rakhmat akilov reportedly ran from the scene still covered in blood and glass , and was arrested hours later in a northern suburb of stockholm .
both missiles hit the water before reaching the uss mason , a guided - missile destroyer .
the singer will perform 20 shows under the banner lionel richie - all the hits through april and may , and september and october next year .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 37-year - old , a podium regular in the grand tours , says rio 2016 will be one of his last competitions .
two other children , aged 10 and seven , suffered minor injuries in the crash , in ballards road , off church lane , in dagenham at 15:50 bst on friday .
the z30 features a 5 in -lrb- 12.7 cm -rrb- screen and a relatively large battery , which , the company says , should last more than two days between charges .
last year , david smith , 37 , of aviemore , had surgery to remove the tumour close to his spine .
he was speaking in a bbc interview after a russian court declared him ` ` under arrest in absentia '' over the 1990s murder of a siberian mayor .
morton are well placed to secure a championship play - off spot after tuesday 's 1 - 0 win at raith rovers .
the service , held to mark the surrender of japan at the end of world war two , was led by reverend canon bob white .
there was plenty of confusion after a dramatic finish , with greece 's spiros gianniotis initially given the win before being downgraded to silver .
the 30-year - old scot was sent off after 20 minutes of the exiles ' 45 - 14 loss to bath on saturday .
the hosts had the better chances as lee gregory volleyed over and steve morison headed shane ferguson 's cross wide .
the nspcc 's childline service said it counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year compared to about 2,400 in 2011 - 12 .
christine lacson abad , 27 , of cary , north carolina , was charged with arranging a child sex offence , attempting to groom a 15-year - old in wrexham and two more sex offences .
media playback is not supported on this device
turkey has reacted with anger to the comment made by the pope at a service in rome earlier on sunday .
this is despite the all wales medicines strategy group -lrb- awmsg -rrb- advising the welsh government not to fund prep on cost - effectiveness grounds .
four men , aged between 25 and 61 , were arrested in ashbourne , county meath , at about 16:00 gmt on tuesday .
sam sebastian , 18 , also suffered a cardiac arrest at west gate school , in leicester , on 27 january 2016 .
dr barry morgan said the wales bill , passed last week after a vote of approval by ams , was unjust .
tenants cleared from glancalvie estate set up a camp in croick churchyard , near ardgay , 170 years ago .
in dublin , a military ceremonial event was held at the war memorial gardens at islandbridge .
the presenter described people involved in hunting and shooting as ` ` the nasty brigade '' in an article last year .
nine - year - old gracie mellalieu , from flintshire , is one of just five people in wales with morquio syndrome , which affects the way bones and joints grow .
the new wombat was born at the richard underwood nature refuge in st george , in australia .
advertising plays a central role at christmas , and for over 100 years has extended its reach from posters to radio , tv and now online .
the curlew , europe 's largest wading bird , is recognisable by its long down - curved bill and evocative call .
kelso , galashiels , peebles , hawick , selkirk and eyemouth saw increases but numbers fell in duns and jedburgh .
the 2016 rio olympics gb sevens silver medallist appeared to use a gesture and swear at referee greg garner .
statues are smashed using sledgehammers and drills in what seems to be a museum in the city of mosul .
at about 21:00 bst on friday , a man armed with a knife entered a shop at northland avenue in the rosemount area and demanded money .
tour de france winner wiggins became the most decorated olympian in british history , with a total of seven medals .
the cost might be ` ` very much larger '' , the public accounts committee warned .
notts will drop into division two next season after losing their penultimate fixture to leaders middlesex .
mr ruto and his family were not at the compound near the western city of eldoret at the time .
dana was transported to the al - mawa reserve via turkey along with four other lions , two bears and two tigers in a three - month operation organised by the animal welfare charity four paws .
the allegations relate to mr olmert 's time as jerusalem mayor in the 1990s .
kiel hauley , 33 , jonas marcius , 23 , and adrian morley , 33 , deny assaulting and murdering craig grant , of inverurie , outside the galleria shopping centre in august last year .
santa cruz 's wba super world featherweight title will be on the line at the barclays centre in brooklyn .
judge thomas lipps rejected arguments by defence lawyers that witnesses could face intimidation or harassment outside the courthouse in steubenville .
the carneddau landscape partnership has been awarded # 198,700 heritage lottery funding to help it manage the natural and cultural heritage of the area .
jacob brentnall drove to manchester from his home in nottingham after midnight when he read about the bombing in the news and on social media .
scripps ' channels include the food network and travel channel .
a 34-year - old man was arrested in connection with an outstanding warrant and is expected to appear at glasgow sherriff court on monday .
she made the announcement at the dorset rape crisis charity screening of the show 's final episode in bridport , dorset , on monday evening .
the occasion was part of the celebrations to mark the queen 's official 90th birthday .
debutant jordan allan first two first - half chances for derry with gareth mcglynn also going close before david scully put harps ahead on 45 minutes .
the incident happened near corbett place and calais view at about 08:30 on thursday .
the man , believed to be a polish national , was found badly injured in the early hours of wednesday at flats in thurso crescent .
the snap drill in the rostov region was ordered by president vladimir putin .
stokes , hit for four successive sixes in kolkata in the world t20 final loss , struck a 39-ball 57 in england 's 321 - 8 .
a spokesman for the judicial office said nick harrington had resigned with immediate effect .
katharine of aragon died at kimbolton castle in 1536 , and was buried at the cathedral following a lavish funeral .
media playback is unsupported on your device
mcqueen , 20 , came through southampton 's youth ranks and has played one first - team game - as a sub against sunderland in the fa cup in february 2014 .
colin nathaniel scott , 23 , fell into the spring in the norris geyser basin area of the park in north - west wyoming .
he told a memorial service in the city the us must ` ` try to find some meaning amidst our sorrow '' and could unite .
the distinct language and genetic make - up of the basque people in northern spain and southern france has puzzled anthropologists for decades .
cerberus bought the loan portfolio for # 1.3 bn in 2014 .
the spaniard won the european cup both as a player and a coach -lrb- twice -rrb- with the la liga side .
media playback is not supported on this device
the international federation for human rights -lrb- fidh -rrb- said some people were killed simply because they did not have identity documents .
the spain international , 31 , has not played since mid - october after injuring an achilles in arsenal 's 6 - 0 champions league win over ludogorets .
the local authority said richard ellis was leaving on friday at the end of his contract .
esteban santiago , 26 , is accused of opening fire at fort lauderdale airport , killing five people and injuring six others .
the 30-year - old county down man became the first irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years with victory in the scratch race in belarus in 2013 .
this pointer takes the form of a nickel signature in the rocks of the crater that is now buried under ocean sediments in the gulf of mexico .
mr allenby , 43 , says he may have been drugged before he was taken from the bar on friday .
half of welsh universities have seen an increase in the number of plagiarism cases being investigated in the past five years , figures have shown .
the building , opposite the high court , houses the belfast office of law firm pinsent masons .
tweeters have been using # notosocialmediabill to campaign against the proposal .
it had been reported that the energy drinks giant was considering a # 200 m offer for the premier league club .
lewis , 48 , was released from prison in 2015 after serving less than half of a 13-year sentence for drug smuggling .
the uk 's economy grew by an estimated 0.7 % in the april to june period , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- said .
the study examined footage of the footballer before and after 2007 , the year the beckhams moved to los angeles .
a social media campaign had proposed giving halti mountain summit to finland for its 100th birthday next year .
barcelona said it paid $ 57 m -lrb- # 43 m -rrb- for neymar in 2013 but investigators say the fee was closer to $ 83 m and barcelona concealed part of the deal .
in a strongly worded letter to all teachers , gavin boyd also said they got better pay than their counterparts in england and wales .
o'donnell returned from injury to play four games at the end of the season .
dame rosemary butler said it was ` ` critical '' that people voted , with more powers coming to wales .
the singer overcame a series of early hitches that looked like they might derail the set before it had got going .
` ` maduro wo n't be ousted by a referendum because there will be no referendum , '' mr isturiz said .
the study , published in nature , has been described as a ` ` milestone '' moment that could help unlock new ways of treating and preventing the disease .
1913 - britain and the ottoman government sign a treaty recognising the independence of bahrain but the country remains under british administration .
visitors from boats have also built bonfires and cleared vegetation on les minquiers - a group of islands and rocks to the south of jersey .
secretary of state rex tillerson said the us would consider working with russia in some areas but would stand up for its own interests .
he spoke to the pathe gazette about his idea of the ` ` national minimum '' .
the projection from the organisation for economic co - operation and development -lrb- oecd -rrb- shows a far - reaching shift in the balance of graduate numbers , with the rising asian economies accelerating ahead of the united states and western europe .
media playback is not supported on this device
administrators of the act test took the decision just hours before some 5,500 students were due to sit it .
sir harry burns is to chair the study , which will consult nhs staff and patients to ensure targets and performance indicators are producing the best results for patients .
the immigration bill would force private landlords to quiz tenants about their immigration status and restrict access to bank accounts for people in the country without permission .
it is the first time that a non - premium brand has come first in the annual study by consultancy j.d .   power .
mr tillerson , former head of exxon mobil with no previous political experience , said in an interview he was ` ` stunned '' with the invitation .
media playback is not supported on this device
the development could be the starting point for breeding a strain of ash to replace thousands expected to succumb to ash die - back in the next few years .
on thursday , an investment manager and hairdresser will challenge the right of the government to start the process of withdrawing the uk from the eu without a vote in parliament .
joan ostojic 's daughters katherine , 21 , and alice , 19 , were on a boat carrying 25 people that went down between lombok and the komodo islands on saturday .
casper read , 15 , was travelling alone to grandparents in france when he was asked to leave the plane after a man was allocated the same seat .
monitor said the probe into the christie nhs foundation trust was over concerns about governance and was not over allegations relating to suspended chief executive caroline shaw .
shortly after his bharatiya janata party -lrb- bjp -rrb- won the elections , mr modi tweeted , in a mix of hindi and english , that ` ` india has won !
the portuguese defender 's quick - fire brace put the bees in control at brisbane road before curtis weston sealed the points in added time after paul mccallum had halved the deficit .
brazil succeeded philippe montanier following the frenchman 's sacking on 14 january .
the review , carried out by the federal reserve , gauges whether the biggest banks operating in the us have the ` ` ability to lend to households and businesses even in times of stress '' .
the 30-year - old made 245 appearances for the royals and was part of australia 's 2010 world cup squad .
fiona hyslop had been accused of ` ` cronyism '' after Â # 150,000 of public funds were given to df concerts .
the ex - cabinet minister lost his yeovil seat in may 's general election after 14 years as the constituency member .
the transocean winner rig ran aground at dalmore on lewis in a storm while being towed to the mediterranean .
felicitas rohrer , is seeking â ‚ ¬ 200,000 -lrb- Â # 145,000 ; $ 220,000 -rrb- in damages following the life - threatening illness .
donald ` ` chip '' pugh texted police a photo of himself and wrote : ` ` here is a better photo that one is terrible '' .
let 's call it alice in financial wonderland .
mr smith played a central role in the ceasefire of loyalist paramilitary groups in 1994 .
while $ 50 m is the starting point for serious wealth , ` ` in reality your spending power and investing power really gets to the next level when you get to around $ 100 m '' , says catherine tillotson .
it 's understood 29-year - old craig church died after falling down several flights of stairs in the apartment block where he lived in eastern china .
the match will be played at the sse arena in belfast on tuesday , 21 november 2017 and will see the giants play a colin shields all star select .
the 26-year - old , who has been linked with a move to real madrid , fractured his right ankle while on international duty with belgium on sunday .
vithiya alphons , 24 , has acute myeloid leukaemia but her sri lankan background makes the search hard as not many south asian people are on donor registers .
john and elizabeth knott from bosbury , in herefordshire , were found dead at their home in august .
the 51-year - old had been negotiating a release from his contract following a rift with the board over his budget .
scotland face afghanistan in nagpur on the opening day , while ireland begin their campaign against oman in dharamsala on wednesday .
concerns from english institute of sport -lrb- eis -rrb- medical staff over coaches ' practices led to a review in 2015 .
marks , from kenfig hill , bridgend county , announced last year he had been diagnosed with inoperable bowel cancer .
the 24-year - old , who has played for greece at junior level , joins on a free transfer from olympiacos - also owned by forest owner evangelos marinakis .
deputy education minister mduduzi manana appeared in court last week to face the assault charge .
more than 100 people are still missing and feared dead after a hillside collapsed on sunday , following the heaviest rains in the country for decades .
it said it had taken a # 235 m charge after it agreed a deferred prosecution with the serious fraud office and the financial conduct authority in march .
the gaia satellite will be sent far from earth to map the positions of more than a billion stars in our galaxy .
the australian , 21 , beat world number 29 querrey 6 - 4 6 - 4 in 53 minutes to progress to the second round .
lewis - francis took up the sport four months ago with the aim of competing at the pyeongchang 2018 winter olympics .
south wales police said it was called to near llantwit major beach shortly after 20:30 bst on tuesday .
the 24-year - old joined the bantams on a three - year deal last summer after being released by blackburn and scored once in 16 appearances .
media playback is unsupported on your device
children in p6 and p7 will learn how to cope with change under the healthy me programme developed by northern ireland charity , action mental health .
abdulmalik adua , 17 , of woolwich and rezwan islam , 19 , of gloucester , were both sentenced to a minimum of 16 years in prison .
hibs have started the process of appointing a new boss after thanking stubbs for doing ` ` a magnificent job '' over his two - year spell .
the vote in the st louis suburb is the first since the death of michael brown last august led to protests .
a team from glasgow university found there was a sharp fall in accidents from 5,901 in 1997 to 2,914 in 2014 .
a person claiming to be in a vehicle on the a414 at north weald , essex , called police at 08:30 bst on wednesday to say it had earlier been in ashford in kent .
nick dunn , 28 , from northumberland , was one of six britons accused of illegally possessing weapons while working on a ship providing anti - piracy protection .
the incident happened on the 20:14 service , between keith and elgin , on friday 16 june at about 21:20 .
the country has now seen two consecutive quarters of declining growth , the usual definition of recession .
bishop geoffrey robinson told a national inquiry the church had failed to speak out strongly about the abuse .
alexis sanchez took advantage of gary cahill 's error to race clear and lift a composed finish over thibaut courtois after 11 minutes , and theo walcott completed a brilliant move to steer in hector bellerin 's pass three minutes later .
it was discovered in a bin at vere foster walk on wednesday .
ponds on the surface of the khumbu glacier in the himalayas have expanded and joined together to form larger bodies of water .
the game features cards with a series of quiz questions , but some of the answers given are incorrect .
lisanne beck , 47 , allegedly performed a sex act on simon murphy , 48 , during a paloma faith set in september .
berahino , 22 , had said he would not play under albion chairman jeremy peace again after the club rejected two deadline - day offers from tottenham .
roy oliver , 37 , fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party in the dallas suburb of balch springs in april , killing jordan edwards , 15 .
curtis and assistant manager paul williams will take charge of saturday 's match against bournemouth after bob bradley 's sacking .
the 22-year - old has not appeared for shrewsbury this season , but has played once for mansfield town and four times for wrexham while on loan .
british transport police said the 15-year - old was attacked by a man and woman in their 40s .
barry mcgivern , scott fryer and troy lacey were travelling to work at dereham along the a47 acle straight , near great yarmouth , norfolk .
the posh lost for the third successive time since their cup defeat when they were beaten 2 - 1 at home by oldham .
l / cpl james brynin , who served with the 14th signal regiment -lrb- electronic warfare -rrb- , was shot while on patrol in helmand province on 15 october .
the service was held at the 22-year - old 's school in ohio , before his burial at a nearby cemetery .
a recent programme in algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a renowned communist novelist into believing he had been arrested for ` ` atheism and espionage '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
a top kiev official reported the case .
the 25-year - old wing has crossed codes from super league side wigan warriors , in arguably the most high - profile switch since sam burgess ' move to bath .
wiggins and cavendish are among eight medallists from the 2016 olympic games to be involved , along with dutch road race silver medallist tom dumoulin .
ingram was most valuable player in the domestic t20 blast in 2016 and has hit two centuries in 2017 .
hamilton trails ferrari 's sebastian vettel by 12 points heading into this weekend 's azerbaijan grand prix .
mr anderson , who also created science - fiction series captain scarlet , joe 90 and stingray , died in 2013 following a battle with alzheimer 's disease .
human rights watch believes nato air strikes killed at least 72 civilians and says the organisation needs to bear responsibility where appropriate .
manchester united trainee rothwell , 21 , has penned a two - year deal .
media playback is unsupported on your device
nhs managers have proposed a temporary downgrade of the hospital 's maternity and paediatric services to cope with staffing shortages .
ken plowman and leslie kershaw were in their 20s in 1945 , when they took part in the largest air assault in history .
british transport police said officers were called by paramedics to marston road level crossing near lidlington , bedfordshire , at 10:00 gmt .
the paper claims london - based private doctor mark bonar prescribed banned performance - enhancing drugs to over 150 british athletes including footballers .
an invoice for # 170 was sent to subscribers to the scotland supporters club mailing list just after 09:00 .
united trail kilmarnock by five points with six games left for play in the quest to remain in the premiership .
christmas day is the only religious holiday which is also a national public holiday , after easter monday was officially renamed family day .
the ticket for the grosvenor in norwich was bought for seven shillings and sixpence and signed at the gig by john lennon and ringo starr .
lee gaskell grabbed the game 's first try after 22 minutes , with danny brough adding the extras and a later penalty to make it 8 - 0 at half - time .
armagh defender aidan forker and louth 's anthony williams were sent - off early in the game .
brandon hanlan gave bromley a seventh - minute lead when he dispossessed daggers captain craig robson , raced into the box and fired a low shot home .
the eide barge 33 missed the valhall field by at least 1 km -lrb- 0.6 miles -rrb- .
dentsu is accused of violating labour standards after matsuri takahashi , 24 , killed herself in 2015 .
ospreys players olly cracknell , de kock steenkamp , dan baker , dafydd howells and sam parry joined collectors in baglan moors on tuesday .
the county down school led 0 - 9 to 0 - 4 at half - time and extended their lead to six points by the conclusion .
turner , 32 , recently retired after a 15-year career , winning 763 races .
for many americans , the daily show has become an alternative way of learning about the world .
the test was as good as saved .
a psni officer posted on facebook on wednesday night that the petrol bombs had been found in colinview street and were designed to be thrown at officers .
security consultant paul moore examined the publicly available information of the uk 's six biggest isps .
if you wanted to know what was what in the on - going shambles at dundee united then get yourself to the phoenix in nethergate , that was the message .
brian farrell admitted conspiring to distribute heroin , cocaine and methamphetamine , in march this year .
the tigers opened talks with an interested party in may .
european commission president jean - claude juncker has said the process should begin ` ` immediately '' .
border force officers found 19 albanians and one syrian hidden in a trailer carrying machinery at north shields ferry terminal in 2015 .
holders hibernian or hearts will host the winners of another replay , between clyde and ayr united .
around 155 countries are expected to formally sign the deal at the un , setting in motion events that could see the treaty operational within a year .
more than 100 officers surrendered at the base in badakhshan province .
lord oakeshott has donated Â # 600,000 to lib dem , labour and green candidates in an attempt to prevent a conservative win in may 's general election .
george allen , 37 , and his five - year - old son , geordie , are critically ill in hospital after the incident at killowen primary school in lisburn on tuesday .
peake won silver at the 2014 commonwealth games in glasgow and is targeting a team gb spot in rio .
the head teacher of sandown bay academy resigned and the board of governors was replaced earlier this year .
media playback is not supported on this device
the latics are seven points from safety with six games remaining including tough trips to brighton and reading .
the west ham striker is charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger .
it would also cut foreign aid in order to spend 2 % of gdp on defence .
ross simons , 34 , and his wife clare , 30 , died at the scene of the incident in hanham , near bristol , on sunday .
french embassies , consulates , cultural centres and schools in some 20 countries will be closed for the next few days as a precaution .
raikkonen was 0.109 seconds clear of his team - mate , with rosberg 0.237 secs off the pace as ferrari hinted they may offer a threat to mercedes in shanghai .
the 42-year - old was crossing rutherglen road , near its junction with glasgow road , when he was hit by a mercedes vito at about 18:05 on wednesday .
mark jones , 43 , who had been in hospital since the incident on 26 july , died on saturday .
bangladesh police are investigating the murder of an italian aid worker who was shot on monday , with the islamic state group saying it is responsible .
police later named the woman as joy robson , 50 , from the isle of skye .
` ` we save people here every day , '' said the 46-year - old policeman - managing to sound both proud and chiding and the same time .
retailers must now ensure the products are covered up and no longer in public view unless a customer asks for them .
the victim was queuing for food at the branch in st george 's street , canterbury at about 02:15 gmt on friday when the assault occurred .
pc keith burgess , 41 , who was based at southampton central police station , also faces three counts of misconduct in public office .
former civil servant sir john chilcot will appear before mps on the commons liaison committee on 18 october .
the mercian regiment said private derby xxxi was officially selected by the duke of devonshire from his flock at the chatsworth estate , derbyshire .
the fraser of allander institute reckons that growth this year will be 1.9 % , the same as its forecast for last year , for which official data has not been finalised .
the hollywood a - lister turned up unexpectedly at sunrise of sonning , a care home in berkshire , on sunday to treat resident pat adams .
insp ken mackaill and det sgt stuart hinton are accused of gross misconduct over accounts they gave of a meeting with mr mitchell , and could be sacked if the disciplinary charges are proved .
ray houghton 's tumbling goal celebration at the 1994 world cup and salvatore schillaci 's whoops of delight after scoring in the same fixture four years earlier are snapshots of the fervour on display .
the retailer has been under fire over zero hours contracts and disclosure that staff at a warehouse were paid less than the minimum wage .
jin ok scored the game - winning goal after gb had come back from 2 - 0 down .
there will be posters with the slogan ` ` liar , liar '' aimed at mps who u - turned over their pledge to oppose fee increases for universities in england .
it investigated online agents booking.com , expedia and hotel group intercontinental hotels -lrb- ihg -rrb- .
john mcilwaine , grew up in portadown , county armagh , but worked at the university of bradford .
for # 39 m , the firm is buying what is estimated to be up to a quarter of the timber released by nrw every year .
across the world , drug laws are being relaxed , from uruguay to portugal , jamaica and the czech republic .
southern water said the pipe burst in chestnut avenue had affected homes in the so53 and so16 postcodes leaving them with no water or low pressure .
new city manager pep guardiola is keen to make stones his next high - profile transfer of the summer .
meanwhile , the big four of djokovic , federer , nadal and murray show no signs yet of retiring , while others such as wawrinka , berdych , and nishikori also provide competition and excitement for fans and backers of the sport .
since 2014 , the government has said key nursery workers must have at least a grade c in gcse english and maths .
scientists at imperial college london examined the bone structure of hip - fracture patients who had been treated with bisphosphonates .
the 26-year - old , who has 11 caps , has been on the bench for his club for much of this season .
two gay couples denied licenses have requested rowan county clerk kim davis be held in contempt of court .
the scottish airline believes the flights , from 15 october , will attract passengers working in the offshore energy industries .
the plans include a new multi - story car park and knocking down the 1937 arrivals building .
it has been estimated that half of the privately - owned land in scotland is controlled by 432 people .
in a series of freedom of information requests , bbc scotland asked how many cases , concerns and complaints of child exploitation , and child sexual exploitation were recorded in the past four years .
the 46-year - old succeeds ronnie moore , who parted company with the club by mutual consent earlier on wednesday .
as government colleagues speak boldly of the economic opportunities brexit might offer and point to the better than expected economic news since the referendum , the treasury is quietly warning there may still be pain ahead .
spokesman john kirby said the two officials - who have not been named - were told to leave on 17 june .
all but one welsh council had resettled refugees from the uk government 's syrian vulnerable persons resettlement scheme by the end of last december .
the assets comprise properties , money from nearly 30 bank accounts and fine art belonging to gioacchino campolo .
grant 's side are in the semi - finals of the africa cup of nations but that has not stopped some ghanaians expressing dissatisfaction with the performances .
media playback is unsupported on your device
media playback is not supported on this device
mohammad amir took 3 - 63 for the hosts , his best figures since his return from a spot - fixing ban , to ensure victory for the hosts in their 400th test .
a chinook helicopter from raf odiham in hampshire was sent to recover the wreckage .
ashton carter , us defence secretary , said about 90 people were being trained in a secure location , and they would be paid by the united states .
the project loon team , part of the company 's x research lab , said it was now able to use machine learning to predict weather systems .
the cessation comes despite attempts to rescue the route in a # 9 m emergency deal , mostly from stormont .
` ` my first instinct was to open the wing exit and slip out with as many passengers as i could , but i realised that this would leave the rest of the passengers vulnerable , '' then flight attendant nupoor abrol told bbc news .
the court refused permission to salvatore girone to travel to italy for christmas .
the so - called tampon tax is a sales tax on feminine hygiene products which are used to absorb menstrual blood .
blair turgott broke the deadlock from the spot with his 10th goal of the season in the 13th minute after david fitzpatrick handled in the area .
livi 's 2 - 0 win over their nearest challengers came courtesy of goals from dale carrick and nicky cadden .
the scot 's first game in charge was the encouraging 0 - 0 draw at preston .
sian grigg , from cardiff , has been nominated for an academy award for her work with dicaprio on the revenant .
hilda gaddum , the mayor of cheshire east , said her fellow conservative michael jones 's position had become ` ` untenable '' .
the angel shark , once widespread across europe , is now listed as critically endangered , with waters around the canary islands the only place they are frequently seen .
jonathan baines , 44 , also known as ` ` willy '' , was found dead at a house on ropery road , gainsborough , on 1 august .
9 october 2015 last updated at 17:27 bst
the remark was directed at a woman in the audience who had criticised mr martelly and his administration .
the young girl was injured by the drug patrol dog in belmarsh prison , woolwich , on 31 march .
byron davies asked if a message from william graham supporting the so - called ` ` black route '' for a Â # 1bn newport relief road came from a ` ` spoof '' account , as party policy was to review the options .
virtus , which is replacing osprey armour , is described by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- as ` ` one of the most advanced integrated body armour and load carrying systems in the world '' .
64,596,800
more than 480 papers for the hull east constituency were sent out without listing labour 's karl turner and the green party 's sarah walpole .
` ` no - one will face a cliff edge , '' theresa may said at a brussels summit .
a series of abusive twitter remarks were posted on an account on tuesday , directed to flower , who was sent off in saturday 's super league grand final .
pushp sharma 's report appeared in march in the milli gazette , a newspaper aimed at india 's muslim community .
adrian simut , 35 , travelled to newport train station , where he thought he was meeting a 14-year - old girl called sam .
in 2014 , sarah rochira published the results of a major review of the experience of care home residents .
having resumed on 54 , with his team 251 - 6 , the 23-year - old played patiently before reaching his ton from 260 balls and eventually ending on 118 not out .
cricket and nigeria may seem an incongruous pairing , but in lagos many a weekend players in their colourful kit take to the crease on a dusty pitch in a fiercely competitive cricket league .
the northern ireland fire and rescue service was called and up to 21 patients were moved to another area of the hospital .
a bomb hidden inside a motorcycle exploded in front of the offices of a muslim scholars committee in arsal , the official national news agency said .
the takeover sees 100 % of the club 's shares and assets transferred from previous owner steve morgan to fosun in a deal thought to be worth # 45 m .
in september the 20-year - old opted to play for england over the republic of ireland and has been awaiting clearance from fifa .
the abuse took place while the boys were living at belmont house , in baker street , stockport , greater manchester , in about 1989 and 1990 .
the 12ft - high -lrb- 3.6 m -rrb- statue features about 40,000 spoons and has taken almost five months to build at the british ironworks centre in oswestry .
goals from ellen white and rachel yankey set up a game against france in leverkusen on saturday .
the woman , aged in her 20s , was attacked after leaving the event 's chinawhite enclosure early on sunday , with men she met there .
shares in itv rose 1.3 % after the broadcaster said it had appointed easyjet 's boss carolyn mccall .
the judge cited a possible conflict of interest in the case of asia bibi .
richard di natale , head of the left - wing australian greens , argues reducing hours would boost productivity and allow workers more time with family .
rafa told the bbc 's today programme : ` ` they used us and threw us away . ''
ummariyat mirza , 21 , of st agathas road , birmingham , is charged with preparing for a terrorist attack in the uk by buying a knife and other items .
members of the rmt union will walk out at 11:00 bst on 26 april and at the same time on 10 and 12 may .
in an article published on friday , mackenzie compared everton midfielder ross barkley , who has a grandfather born in nigeria , to a ` ` gorilla '' .
another measure of success in canada will be the crowd for the first women 's fa cup final to be held at wembley on saturday .
` ` look how we made a nick in the tree , collected the oil and then blocked it up so the wound would heal . ''
the males , two aged 17 and one 19 , from north - west london , were reported missing in march amid fears they were planning to travel to syria .
six authorities have told bbc wales a meltdown in waste markets has hit their budgets .
german side borussia monchengladbach will be the other team in group c.
the romanian diners , who had paid a deposit of â ‚ ¬ 900 -lrb- $ 950 ; Â # 770 -rrb- , left the el carmen restaurant in bembibre as dessert was due to be served , antonio rodriguez said .
the yellow warning will remain in force until 11:00 on sunday .
convicted killers robert and ian stewart became so - called supergrasses at the trial of alleged members of the north belfast uvf .
media playback is not supported on this device
a statement said the initiative aimed to provide better information about russia than is available on wikipedia .
the cases have all been uncovered in the past seven months - an average of two cases per week .
rodgers ' men thrashed partick thistle 5 - 0 on thursday and must avoid defeat by hearts on sunday to finish their title - winning campaign without defeat .
lithuania violated an article on free elections in the european convention on human rights , the ruling said .
kaori okuni , one of the women campaigning for change , said the ruling would lead to ` ` suffering for those who plan to marry and those who are set to be born '' .
the company , best known for its smartphone chips , wants to reduce spending by $ 1.4 bn -lrb- Â # 900 m -rrb- , partly through a 15 % cut in its workforce .
officers from the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- found items including a tiger 's head , monkey skulls , reptiles and stuffed birds of prey during raids in newton abbot , devon .
london fire brigade said it was called to the arena on millennium way , greenwich , at about 11:15 bst .
the pedestrian died following an incident involving a green car in the diamond area on sunday afternoon .
the head of queen 's , prof patrick johnston , told the bbc 's inside business programme a rise in tuition fees , or a return to public funding , was required to bridge a Â # 100 m gap .
the suggestion has attracted more than 27,000 votes in an online poll of names for the royal research ship , causing the website to crash .
elias kachunga had put huddersfield ahead just four minutes earlier with his fifth goal of the season when he combined with tommy smith to fire home .
it also speaks of other human rights violations , including ` ` violent house raids , torture and ill - treatment '' .
judges said their work laid ` ` an intellectual foundation '' for policies in areas such as bankruptcy legislation and political constitutions .
the party is not happy that it was only allocated 25 seconds of airtime which was aired a month before polling day .
the origin of the giant ` a ' at playhatch roundabout on the a4155 reading to henley road is not yet known .
childhoods were dramatically changing , with fewer opportunities to spend time outdoors , researchers observed .
the project will examine hair , bone and other material from a collection amassed by a swiss biologist - and will invite submissions from elsewhere .
it is believed the same group of criminals are targeting lye valley industrial estate several times a week .
hooker vicky fleetwood will also remain in england for the next few days to undergo rehab for a minor injury .
the hosts saw left - back alex telles dismissed after two bookings in a 74-second spell , the second after a wild sliding tackle on stephan lichtsteiner on 27 minutes .
after years of decline , the number of public authority homes sold in the year to march rose from 1,209 to 1,526 .
the cheetahs and kings are set to enter the league for the coming season , which begins in early september .
people with a dna variation in a gene called pdss2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee , a study carried out at the university of edinburgh has found .
torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock in the victoria centre store at about 22:40 bst on tuesday .
an early lunch had been taken at old trafford , before the match was called off after an inspection at 12:25 bst .
the mcgill 's 904 service went up in flames just outside largs on the a760 kilbirnie road at about 13:35 on saturday .
flt lt andrew townshend cost the ministry of defence millions of pounds when he deactivated the autopilot of the military passenger jet .
roslyn condie , of mossdale , near castle douglas , admitted being the owner of a dog which was dangerously out of control last september .
lord carey writes in the daily mail that he has dropped his opposition to the assisted dying bill ` ` in the face of the reality of needless suffering '' .
the futures of aston and coventry stations were discussed by west midlands fire and rescue authority .
nicole clark used her mother avril stewart 's bank details to set up online accounts .
nordtveit 's low shot took a deflection off sammy clingan 's heel to beat keeper lee camp just before half - time .
but she has tried to use her background to her advantage .
food price inflation was 4.9 % in june , compared with 3.2 % in may , with rising pork prices partly to blame .
symbols of every event feature on the design , while the london skyline is included with tower bridge , the london eye , the shard and big ben .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- has had to halt deliveries to the red sea port of hudaydah .
the swiss eighth seed played magnificently in a 4 - 6 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 4 victory at roland garros .
between 2012 and 2015 , cases of syphilis increased by 76 % , from 3,001 to 5,288 , while gonorrhoea infections rose by 53 % , from 26,880 to 41,193 , public health england data reveals .
at the trial in the town of douai , the prosecution had asked for an 18-year term for dominique cottrez , 51 .
margaret gleeson , 70 , died two days after a hernia operation at wigan 's royal albert edward infirmary in october 2015 .
the announcement reignited a long - running debate about hermione 's race with many pointing out that the character 's skin colour is never specified by author jk rowling .
at one stage , winds were gusting at 55 knots and winds over 48 knots are not safe for airport staff to work in .
the 26-year - old ex - dagenham and york defender started all but four of wood 's league matches last season .
for the second week in a row the outcome hinged on the final kick , with lions full - back leigh halfpenny falling short with a penalty from halfway .
the money is on top of # 58 m already allocated for 2014 - 15 to a sector which covers more than 230,000 homes .
he was a multi - millionaire property developer with a wife and family going through a ` ` mid - life crisis '' , she was the # 10,000-a - month escort he pinned his hopes for a future on .
some reports put the number even higher .
the incident happened at the co - op store in thornton at about 02:15 on 17 may .
the 28-year - old was an ever - present in the side which won the county championship title in 2016 .
both men resigned in 2014 after a series of allegations were made by garda whistle - blower sgt mccabe in 2007 and 2008 .
authors including the english patient writer michael ondaatje and peter carey will not attend the pen literary gala in new york on 5 may .
mccann 's men beat the highland league champions 2 - 0 at dens park but the manager was less than impressed by the performance .
the 27-year - old winger , who joined the english championship side from french ligue 1 team angers in january 2016 , had his rams contract cancelled by mutual consent on thursday .
edwards , 27 , who can play in defence or midfield , played before for barwell and nottingham trent university .
gatland says henry indicated to his players at the outset of the trip of australia who would be selected for the test matches .
7 august 2017 last updated at 08:13 bst
the animal had been shot twice in the shoulder and once in its left back leg , which vets had to amputate .
organisers said about 10,000 people were expected , in the city 's biggest show of solidarity with foreigners .
matthew williams was found attacking cerys yemm , 22 , at the sirhowy arms hotel in argoed on 6 november 2014 .
pieces from the board game , which has n't been played for 1,500 years , have been found in qingzhou city in china .
the 23-year - old needed 6,200 points for olympic qualification and achieved it with ease in austria .
media playback is not supported on this device
motorcyclist leighton santos , 22 , admitted causing david hitchen 's death through careless driving and was jailed at preston crown court on monday .
volkswagen -lrb- vw -rrb- shares plunged more than 18 % on monday after us regulators found that some of its cars could manipulate official emissions tests .
lizzie mould , from bristol university , was challenged by gloucestershire firm snow business to come up with a ` ` green '' realistic snow for film and television .
walter innes and fellow shorewatch volunteer monika carrie were about to head home after an eventful day ` ` staring at an empty sea '' on tuesday .
exports fell 2.1 % compared with october , german 's federal statistical office reported , while imports rose 1.5 % .
mark mason , 48 , from rhyl , died after being stabbed at the town 's home bargains car park on 27 october 2016 .
click to enlarge image
the club beat derby county 6 - 2 in a memorable championship clash on 30 april 2005 .
tuition fees for 2017 are listed on durham , kent and royal holloway websites as # 9,250 .
chris packham , who is in malta , said rare species were being targeted , and hunters were even shooting montagu 's harrier birds on the ground at night .
they were made 110 years ago by the wall family who lived in new southgate in north london .
in the last month , prices went up by 1.7 % , said the halifax , bringing the average price of a home to Â # 208,286 .
the painting , depicting the 1654 ceremony , had hung in rokeby park , barnard castle , since 1880 , according to its owner sir andrew morritt .
nottingham , who finished fifth in the table and beat cardiff to win the challenge cup in march , got past belfast in the play - off quarter - finals .
police said the attackers - three white men and one asian man - were racially motivated .
david crompton , 52 , is to step down in november after four years in the post and 31 years in policing .
media playback is not supported on this device
it serves as a daily reminder that there are opportunities for those who apply themselves diligently at this tiny school of 81 pupils in a remote amerindian village in guyana .
the cannabis was discovered in a van in camlough , south armagh .
the grade ii - listed market cross in ilchester was knocked down after being hit by a car on friday .
it means the comic will , in total , try to run more than 700 miles in temperatures of up to 30 c .
young and a fluent english speaker , he comes from the syrian city of raqqa , the de facto capital of so - called islamic state .
brazil 's attorney - general , rodrigo janot , has asked the supreme court to open an investigation into lula 's alleged involvement in the multi - billion dollar scandal that has already seen dozens of lawmakers arrested .
speaking to the atlantic magazine , he said the operation went as well as he had hoped , but libya was now ` ` a mess '' .
the weather also hit norfolk and lincolnshire , where homes were evacuated and an air display cancelled .
brian krebs says the administrator of a russian cybercrime forum hatched a plan to order heroin , arranged for it to be delivered to his home , then tipped off the police , making it look as if the call had come from a neighbour 's house .
the female was found in the llandovery area last month , struggling with a fever and dehydration .
when someone has a cigarette they inhale smoke - but this smoke is also breathed in by everyone else around them - and this is called passive smoking .
speaking on the sunday politics scotland programme , employability minister jamie hepburn cited a fraser of allander report .
the move to make the state property registry secret is not yet law - it still has to go before parliament .
the scottish government has already drafted legislation for a referendum after nicola sturgeon said another ballot was highly likely in the wake of the uk voting to leave the eu .
the singer - who is the first woman to win the award twice - also won best pop vocal album and best music video for her track bad blood .
the 48-year - old ex - oxford manager has guided the cobblers to promotion from league two this season , after a series of financial problems at the club .
every evening , at an air base in the saudi capital , riyadh , coalition spokesman saudi brig - gen ahmed al - assiri delivers an upbeat assessment for the media .
have the media lost interest ?
marc carter 's plea to find a replacement sippy cup for son ben was retweeted more than 12,000 times .
the arrests are part of an operation that has seen women targeted for posting photos showing them not wearing headscarves on instagram and elsewhere .
marcel kittel o ' r almaen oedd y cyntaf i gyrraedd y llinell derfyn yn liege , gyda thomas yn seithfed .
david thomas , 50 , and his son stephen , 17 , from swindon were among those who died .
kevin paddick , 34 , of rosemary road , clacton , essex , is accused of killing danny myers , 23 , from enfield .
the 54-year - old was convicted of two counts of common assault against the boys , aged 14 and 15 , in a food store in north london , in october 2014 .
the south africa - born 23-year - old had been playing club cricket in the east anglian premier league this season .
she took power over the weekend following the death of 78-year - old president bingu wa mutharika , who died in office after heading up the southern africa country since 2004 .
the pontiff granted spanish monsignor lucio vallejo balda a christmas - time clemency after he served half of his 18-month sentence , the vatican said .
presidio terrace is now owned by two investors , tina lam and michael cheng , who snapped up the private road for about $ 90,000 -lrb- # 69,039 , $ 76,203 -rrb- .
media playback is not supported on this device
environment minister mark h durkan said drilling could have a significant impact on the environment .
alexander wotherspoon , 83 , appeared at paisley sheriff court charged with causing the death of eilish herron by driving without due care and attention .
ex - leeds prop bailey , 31 , joined after the start of the season and made 15 appearances for wire .
ben , from sheffield , was 21 months old when he disappeared on the greek island of kos .
venera minakhmetova died when she was struck by lorry at bow roundabout , on wednesday .
the medicine does not contain the ingredient that produces the high associated with recreational cannabis .
in one muslim school , a ` ` female governor sat out of sight of the male governors in an adjacent room '' .
donations have poured in to 34-year - old paul gallihawk 's justgiving page since he disappeared during a 750 m open water swim on saturday .
the exotic pet , which is 12 months old , has a vulnerable shell and the shop appealed for information on facebook , saying it was concerned about its ` ` specific care requirements '' .
one direction , an english - irish boy band , is particularly popular .
having a baby is a joyous occasion for most women - but for one in 10 , pregnancy and the period following childbirth can be anything but rosy .
the 21-year - old will help cover the loss of james clare , who has a serious knee injury , and the release of lee smith from his contract .
the gills , who finished 20th in league one last season , have signed eight players so far this summer .
elections for 29 governors and all 36 state assemblies are taking place .
8 october 2013 last updated at 17:01 bst
the worst - affected areas were in the midlands , where roads flooded , rail passengers were stranded and many schools closed .
the snp 's john wallace won the ayr east ward after the vote on thursday .
jordan maguire - drew nearly put the daggers in front early on when he struck the woodwork while at the other end , ryan bird did the same with a header as the sides sparred .
the film , directed by british film - maker saul dibb and starring michelle williams and kristin scott thomas , is , according to williams , ` ` entirely dedicated and a tribute to irene nemirovsky and her descendants , '' a jewish author from the ukraine who settled in paris .
british police accuse him of stealing $ 250 m -lrb- # 160 m -rrb- over eight years .
mckenzie , 38 , will take on jahmaine smyle at york hall on 12 november for the english super - middleweight championship .
lib dem sources say 30,000 local authority places are being lost as money is diverted to new free schools .
john vine said the group , typically foreign students , is growing in number .
on 17 december 2014 , president obama and president raul castro announced the historic decision to put decades of cold war hostility behind them and re - establish long - frozen diplomatic ties .
people with mobility needs have been asked to call in advance if they require help accessing platform one .
the scotland international , 24 , reached a century from just 70 deliveries and hit 18 boundaries and four sixes , as sussex were all out for 345 .
bakehouse close and riddle 's close - once home to philosopher david hume - are among those selected for a makeover by edinburgh world heritage .
the police admitted a claim of wrongdoing in public office in 2015 after being sued by john flynn over two attempts on his life in the 1990s .
some 450,000 asylum seekers have entered germany already this year and up to a million are expected in 2015 - by far the most in the eu .
the site 's new owners , city & country group , have invited people to share their thoughts on what should happen to the 220-year - old building .
fire crews in south wales have dealt with 623 deliberately - set grass fires since 1 april .
telford and wrekin council believes the proposals for mod donnington could create up to 700 new jobs .
twelve homes were evacuated after the hole opened in ripon , north yorkshire , at 22:30 gmt on wednesday .
it is the first private clinic to offer early medical abortions to women in northern ireland under strict legal controls .
mr hollande , whose party was beaten by the far right in last week 's european parliament election , said the eu had become too complex and remote .
they were able to hold a metal plate a few centimetres above the rabbit 's chest and use it to regulate the animal 's heartbeat .
having earlier agreed to sit down with us , shannon has gone out .
media playback is not supported on this device
but once the votes are counted , what can residents expect to pay in council tax ?
andrew travers left the authority by ` ` mutual agreement '' after the error , officials said .
wilder 's side were confirmed champions after rivals oxford lost to luton town .
eman abd el aty , said to have weighed around 500 kg -lrb- 1,102 lb -rrb- , left an indian hospital last thursday after doctors said she lost more than 250 kg .
scientists agree that such attacks are extremely rare - and that sharks are not the man - eaters depicted in hollywood blockbusters such as jaws .
vincent ryan , 25 , was shot dead in finglas in dublin on monday after he had dropped off his partner and five - month - old baby .
a review for the commission on local tax reform said there was no ` ` magic bullet '' to cure defects in the system .
after 11 years in the role , prof christianne glossop told bbc wales : ` ` there has n't been a day gone by where i have n't been focusing on tb . ''
cuadrilla , the firm behind the tests , said drilling had been suspended as a precaution after the 1.5 magnitude tremor - the second in two months .
the bodies of david miller , 24 , and hannah witheridge , 23 , were discovered on a beach in koh tao on 15 september .
jean say killed his son and daughter two years ago .
hastings pier is being rebuilt with # 14 m of money raised mainly through the heritage lottery fund .
ex - manchester united trainee mcginty , 21 , played 13 times for the conference club after joining on loan in february .
the poll indicates satisfaction fell from 70 % to 58 % last year - the largest annual drop since it started in 1983 .
it began just before 14:00 gmt at the property in grove lane on the outskirts of elmswell , near bury st edmunds .
the 29-year - old limped off after just seven minutes of the 2 - 0 win over leicester city on sunday .
since independence in 1962 it has been plagued by tension between the usually - dominant tutsi minority and the hutu majority .
two men were convicted for carrying out abuse during the 1970s , 80s and 90s at the now closed skircoat lodge .
members of the clwyd north division are against the changes at glan clwyd hospital , bodelwyddan .
the commission is investigating tax deals granted to us companies for setting up headquarters in europe .
the scottish distance runner already had a certain inner steel and now likens herself to arnold schwarzenegger 's iconic cyborg creation after acquiring a bit more in the aftermath of a broken ankle in january 2015 .
dorothy leyden 's body was found hours after she had been to a jimmy ruffin concert at the golden garter nightclub in wythenshawe in april 1971 .
the economic research institute questioned 320 businesses following the vote on leaving the eu .
the current 56 day waiting time target for treatment is to be halved to 28 days , health minister mark drakeford said .
the cygnets and their mother had recently become a familiar sight around lisnarick , outside irvinestown .
prince charles did not mention the islamic state group but his comments at sandhurst are being interpreted as a reference to the organisation .
media playback is not supported on this device
a point against the dutch side could keep celtic in the hunt if group a rivals fenerbahce fail to beat molde in norway , but deila feels his team must keep their fate in their own hands .
it was far from a comfortable afternoon for high - flying rovers against a side that had failed to win in their previous five matches .
yet while such a prospect would make most of us run a mile , this is in fact a traditional massage method in russia .
sale had raced to a 31 - 9 lead just after half - time at aj bell stadium before wasps found their groove .
the 22-year - old won the bbc 's women 's footballer of the year award in 2015 before joining arsenal from liverpool .
the mutation was also present in our evolutionary ` ` cousins '' - the neanderthals and denisovans .
the barrister turned politician led the home office at the time of the poll tax riots and the strangeways prison disturbances in the spring of 1990 .
the public accounts committee says there has been a ` ` systemic failing '' in support to young people leaving foster care or children 's homes .
the 23-year - old midfielder is his country 's joint all - time goalscorer , with two goals from 11 caps .
the girl , called nieve , was attending the handmade parade in hebden bridge on sunday with her grandparents when the dog jumped up and bit her .
brook , the ibf welterweight champion , will jump two weight divisions to fight undisputed world middleweight champion golovkin in london on 10 september .
the firm issued a profit warning on tuesday , saying it expects $ 1.2 bn in asset impairment charges as coal prices remain at ` ` lower levels for an extended period of time '' .
nathaniel knight - percival opened the scoring with a brilliant overhead kick and it was 2 - 0 when shaun whalley took advantage of poor defending to score .
liberal centrist emmanuel macron - winner of the first round - and nationalist marine le pen are already revolutionising french politics .
media playback is not supported on this device
the fast food company says it ca n't get hold of enough potatoes because of industrial action in america .
dutch number three seed noppert , 26 , will play england 's number 10 seed darryl fitton in the last four .
it is the first time the high - security facility has invited watchdog healthwatch to speak to its residents .
the ruling means that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low - income individuals can continue .
they also rejected a plan to introduce free parking for the first 30 minutes .
the poverty rate was 15 % in 2011 , meaning 46.2 million americans were in poverty , staying flat after three previous years of increases .
the 33-year - old , who has featured just four times for the potters this season , had a loan stint with the seagulls in 2002 - 03 when he was at arsenal .
the pants , embroidered with the royal vr monogram , are being sold on behalf of yesterday 's world museum in sussex .
dyfed - powys police took to social media on tuesday to ask for help in tracing rebecca , saying officers were ` ` very concerned for her '' .
the 28-year - old was a regular for the managerless latics last season , but was one of seven players to be let go by the league one club in may .
starting the day on 90 - 4 , australia reached 156 - 6 before declaring for the second time in the match .
media playback is not supported on this device
ski - scotland , the organisation that promotes scottish snowsports , said it had involved 207,770 skier days .
the national portrait gallery commissions feature people from the worlds of culture , politics , sport and fashion , including dame helen mirren , sir paul smith and dame kelly holmes .
they said the chinese authorities had never before reported this to the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora -lrb- cites -rrb- .
the international cycling union -lrb- uci -rrb- said it was ` ` extremely unhappy '' with the poster which shows a hand moving towards a girl 's backside .
media playback is not supported on this device
detentions by the immigration and customs enforcement -lrb- ice -rrb- agency jumped to 41,318 between january 22 of this year and the end of april .
bbc radio solent reports eisner has already informed manager paul cook of his interest in creating the role .
vardy , 29 , has not scored for the champions since 10 september - a run of 14 games - but netted in england 's 2 - 2 friendly draw with spain last week .
two women lost a leg and three other people were seriously hurt when their carriage hit a stationary carriage on the smiler ride on 2 june .
the midfielder , who had been relegated to the sidelines after a bout of tonsillitis and an ankle injury , could return to the team as garde looks to make changes after sunday 's 6 - 0 home defeat by liverpool .
the 41-year - old was shot and stabbed to death by thomas mair outside her surgery in birstall , west yorkshire , on 16 june .
the council has been consulting on a new protection order which would ban dogs from play areas and sports pitches , and require them to be kept on leads on public roads and pavements .
two bugging scandals , a very bitter row over drivers ' penalty points and his failure to complete a breathalyser test at a police checkpoint have kept him in the headlines .
the former england player opened the batting and made 101 , with nine fours , before he was stumped off ashar zaidi .
a dog walker spotted the body in vernatt 's drain , near the pinchbeck road bridge in spalding , on sunday .
luke , 18 , is one of 14 successful candidates from the 282 youngsters who entered the fighting chance scheme .
chisako kakehi was arrested in 2014 and went on trial in kyoto late last month .
celtic skipper scott brown has led gordon strachan 's national team recently but fit - again fletcher is back playing at west bromwich albion .
both the islamic state group -lrb- is -rrb- and kurdish militants have claimed a number of attacks in turkey in recent months .
the 25-year - old spaniard agreed an initial three - year deal with the whites last summer after moving to craven cottage from rayo vallecano .
the interim review of liverpool 's green and open spaces , commissioned by mayor joe anderson , suggests an extra Â # 4.50 contribution is needed per person .
the hosts closed on 152 - 3 , a lead of 128 , after 10 wickets fell in the day .
a calum dyson double and first - half goal from chris clements saw the home side ease to their first win in five league two games .
dunkley , 25 , made 52 appearances in all competitions for oxford last season but rejected a new contract and will join wigan on 30 june on a free transfer .
officers believe the local man , who was working at fruehauf on houghton road , fell from a cherry picker at about 13:45 gmt on thursday .
the head of football 's governing body outlined his vision for an expanded tournament comprising 16 groups of three teams earlier this month .
jamie cox was sentenced to 26 weeks for common assault after he attacked viktoria gribovskaja at her home in lambeth , south london last year .
west midlands police said there was a ` ` sweet irony '' to officers using the centre for forced entry training when it had been paid for by money paid into the proceeds of crime act -lrb- poca -rrb- fund .
` ` lively crowd @liverpoolphil last night - shame our tour bus was nicked from outside the venue !
the 31-year - old , who began his career at killie , returned to the ayrshire club in 2013 and made 38 appearances last season .
at the start of a trip to china to strengthen post - brexit business ties , philip hammond said he would review economic data over the coming months .
hurst joined mansfield in june after being released by southend , and has made 16 appearances for the league two side this season .
it says officers who file complaints are labelled as ` ` troublemakers '' and pressured to leave the force .
in december , the government announced finalised plans for a cull , initially in pilot areas , as a way to curb the spread of tuberculosis in cattle .
koukash has owned the super league team since 2013 but it has stated before he could leave salford .
the motion was tabled by jim o'callaghan , fianna fÃ ¡ il , amid fears that the planned march could lead to violence .
gruelling fitness sessions , learning new songs and the prospect of battling the best of british and irish rugby for a test shirt .
stead curled home with 14 minutes remaining to cap a fine comeback at the northern gas and power stadium after louis lang cancelled out toto nsiala 's opener .
an off - duty inspector found the girl in grange lane , lye , near pedmore technology college , stourbridge .
in palmer on thursday , at about 03:00 an officer told karen and jay priest their son justin , 29 , had been killed .
the mp for tottenham said it was ` ` absolutely time '' for a new generation to ` ` step up to a leadership role '' .
south wales fire and rescue service put out the blaze at alexandra docks which came after 20,000 tonnes of wood caught alight on 5 december .
the flight provider operates a ` ` bug bounty '' scheme that rewards hackers for privately disclosing security flaws rather than sharing them online .
adrian bayley was sentenced to life imprisonment in 2013 for killing jill meagher , an abc radio employee .
a 30 ft -lrb- 9 m -rrb- decomposed whale washed up on the beach at felixstowe on sunday and the body of a minke whale was spotted near orford on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
the study measured poisonous nitrogen dioxide -lrb- no2 -rrb- levels using 40 sensors in and around the airport .
the study in scientific reports suggests every hour spent using a touchscreen each day was linked to 15 minutes less sleep .
bates , who has been tigers promoter for three years , has taken full control of the lions and will work alongside co - promoter david darcy .
the bbc 's anbarasan ethirajan at the scene says it is a race against time before officials bring in heavy machinery .
pythefnos yn ôl dywedodd ken skates y byddai ' n rhaid i ' r cwmni sy ' n ceisio cael cefnogaeth ar gyfer cylchffordd cymru roi mwy o fanylion am fuddsoddwyr .
the 35-year - old will have security clearance and access to classified information , but no official title or salary when she works in the west wing .
he also said the summer transfer window would have been ` ` significantly important for many reasons '' .
if that happens , the ice loss could push up global oceans by 2 m , or more .
19 june 2017 last updated at 08:45 bst
police said the 33-year - old victim was playing on a fruit machine in the rosevale tavern in partick at about 18:00 on saturday when a stranger assaulted him .
the unemployment rate was 4.9 % , down from 5.5 % a year earlier but little changed from last month 's report , the office for national statistics said .
a report following an unannounced inspection said the overall number of self - harm incidents at hmp woodhill was also ` ` very high '' .
figures obtained by bbc scotland show borders hospitals spent # 3.18 per day per patient on meals and snacks .
three others were injured , one seriously , in the incident at downsview park , medical officials said .
the us network said it was ` ` not an easy decision '' and had ` ` enormous respect '' for its creators and cast .
now the carmaker has confirmed that it will release an all - new version of the defender in 2015 .
a lawyer for the former cleveland browns quarterback told the associated press news agency that prosecutors had told him a charge was coming .
dickson carried his bat for 207 not out , as shiv thakor 's maiden five - wicket haul saw kent all out for 412 .
a section of the audience laughed when owen smith - who is challenging mr corbyn for the labour leadership - said ms dugdale was doing a ` ` brilliant job '' .
linda norgrove , from lewis in the outer hebrides , had been working in the country when she was kidnapped .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- said it had identified 33 local areas where pubs would not face sufficient competition after the deal .
the 18-year - old , who is the third - youngest player at euro 2016 , signs a five - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the company said it had faced a ` ` chorus of music label representatives and artists '' accusing it of ` ` mistreating '' songwriters and performers .
derby city council wanted to shut moorways pool from april in a bid to save about Â # 350,000 a year .
the investment follows ` ` several months of negotiations '' , a company statement to the saudi stock exchange said .
thomas sargent was on his yamaha fazer motorbike on bolton road , withnell , on sunday afternoon when he was involved in a collision with a volvo car .
patients often die before their 40s as mucus clogs and damages their lungs and leaves them prone to infection .
mr zhou is the latest in a string of high - profile businessmen in the country to temporarily disappear .
chris may , 28 , was last seen by family at his home in kelvedon on 25 may 2015 .
stewart , 26 , netted a hat - trick and hemmings , 24 , scored twice as dundee beat dumbarton 6 - 2 on saturday .
the public is paying tribute to mr ford , who died at age 46 of cancer and gained notoriety for his outlandish public acts and drug use .
andreu was denied from the spot by a brilliant save from raith keeper kevin cuthbert 15 minutes from time .
the 17-year - old boy was arrested at an address in netherton , west midlands police said , and remains in custody .
the men tried to take their own lives to protest against last week 's assault on four dalit men allegedly by the members of a hindu hardline group .
tunisia 's former president moncef marzouki is among the campaigners .
the man , known as david , said he wanted answers about how lincolnshire police dealt with allegations against gordon dawson , a farmer from spilsby .
researchers who looked at 1,500 samples of seven malaria drugs from seven countries in south east asia say poor - quality and fake tablets are causing drug resistance and treatment failure .
they feature on the international impac dublin literary award 's 2016 longlist , alongside bbc journalist kirsty wark 's debut the legacy of elizabeth pringle .
on tuesday , first minister peter robinson urged the prime minister to suspend the northern ireland assembly .
and , on emerging relatively unscathed from the deep space experiment , what wu shiyun thought was that he would very much like a hot bath and some seafood .
the politics is also apparent in the newspaper sales figures for the first half of the year .
pernod ricard , which is based in france , is the second biggest distiller of scotch after diageo .
edward furneaux , 74 , died after crashing his car into a tree in kewstoke road , worle , on the morning of 19 january .
the papers , showing drafts of the poems unluckily for a death and into her lying down head , were bought by swansea university at an auction in new york .
media playback is unsupported on your device
what should government do when things turn out to be rather different from what was expected ?
fedrwch chi ddad - sgramblo ' r lluniau a darganfod p - wy sydd tu ôl i ' r ŵy ?
in the yemeni capital , sanaa , where the threat of attack is considered greatest , the uk , france and germany have also shut their embassies .
haigh , who had been set to become chief executive following cellino 's takeover , had been on the board since gfh took over at elland road in december 2012 .
antonio conte 's side delivered an impressive statement of intent as they cut city apart on the break after going behind to gary cahill 's own goal on the stroke of half - time , when he diverted jesus navas ' cross beyond keeper thibaut courtois .
the paralympic discus champion , 24 , beat his mark of 15.93 m set last year .
paulo dybala and mario mandzukic gave the visitors a commanding 2 - 0 lead at the former olympic stadium , now known as the london stadium .
inspectors criticised darul uloom school when they saw a ` ` female governor sat out of sight of the male governors in an adjacent room '' .
the drama , which chronicles the boston globe 's investigation into child abuse in the catholic church , features an all - star ensemble cast including rachel mcadams and michael keaton .
the dscpa say two individuals attempted to ship the puppies from dublin port to holyhead port in north wales .
board members are believed to have wanted bigger cost cuts and more focus on the investment bank 's performance .
the ftse 250 company said this was due to customers switching less between savings and current accounts because of low interest rates .
dasilva , 19 , is yet to play for chelsea but impressed in 10 appearances for the addicks at the end of last season .
the car owner contacted the aa after the cub was seen darting under a wheel arch and up into the engine bay of the audi sq5 .
25 october 2015 last updated at 15:02 gmt
the former army officer promised to be ` ` even more dangerous than when i was in uniform '' .
steven maclean bundled home the opener five minutes before half - time .
but mikel , 25 , has been charged by the fa with misconduct following his involvement in the incident .
the bbc two production comes from the same team as the award - winning hollow crown series and will be directed by dominic cooke .
he played a key role in advancing the northern ireland peace process , including the 1994 ira ceasefire .
marquinhos , who has signed a five - year deal , joined roma from corinthians a year ago for # 3.9 m , although the brazilians will now earn another # 2.3 m.
the measure guarantees a majority of seats to the party that wins the most votes in an election .
the teenager suffered a serious leg injury in the fall at devil 's cave in chellow dene , near bradford , on friday night .
brothers jason russell , 28 , and darren , 26 , and their friend daniel hughes , 36 , were trekking in a remote area when the quake struck .
police now have a dna profile for the mother of the girl whose bones were discovered by a member of the public at washlands nature reserve in wakefield .
he vowed to form a federal police unit to deal with violence against women .
the birds caused ` ` extensive damage '' by making holes in parts of the spire made of cedar at st mary 's church in headley near epsom .
walter bartram was prospecting in dusty terrain in coober pedy , about 750 km -lrb- 466 miles -rrb- north of adelaide , in 1946 when he staked a claim to what became called the fire of australia .
it looks pretty likely that the cross - party amendment on giving parliament a final vote on the brexit deal will be pushed to a division .
the incident happened in september as ms bishop was travelling to the united nations general assembly in new york .
turia pitt received burns to 65 % of her body and was told she would never compete again after the 2011 ultra - marathon in western australia .
the italian 's first season in charge , following an appointment greeted with a wave of indifference , ended with a success that defied history , logic , the odds and the game 's natural financial order , as he turned a leicester team that narrowly avoided relegation into champions .
both sides had one defeat and a draw from the opening two league matches but arsenal 's impressive first - half performance earned them three points .
a witness described seeing a ` ` flash right across the sky '' as the aircraft came down in a field off burrows lane , in the middle stoke area .
girlguiding uk found they needed a new vow that includes non - religious members and those who follow other faiths .
police were called to oxlow lane , dagenham , at 23:00 bst on saturday after reports of a street fight .
alex baptiste punished the hosts for failing to clear an early corner , prodding home from close range .
ian toothill said he believes he is the first cancer patient to scale the world 's highest mountain .
the company reported a pre - tax profit of # 7.2 m last year on the back of a 20 % jump in sales to # 948.9 m .
the child was critically injured in the incident and later died in hospital .
media playback is not supported on this device
now a group of walkers is re - tracing his steps .
the Â # 21.5 m castle mill development at port meadow , by the river thames , has been widely criticised as ugly and spoiling the view of oxford 's skyline .
the lowland league champions , 3 - 0 up after the first leg .
appearing on bbc scotland 's ask the leader , she defended her mandate for a second independence referendum .
the early birds will all be vying for the prime camping spots next to the main stages where foo fighters , radiohead , stormzy and lorde will perform over the weekend .
it took 72 firefighters five hours to extinguish the fire in trebovir road , earl 's court , after being called at about 21:45 bst on sunday .
she left after her gcses to work in a factory but the money was poor , as were the conditions .
traffic and pedestrians have been banned from deerness bridge , between ushaw moor and new brancepeth .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 24-year - old from runcorn became britain 's first champion in the event 's 17-year history in 2016 .
the oil and gas technology centre will partly fund the work while also acting as a bridge between small tech firms and the big oil producers .
pc james burns was found not guilty of common assault and two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm against michael stanley , 28 , in penrhyndeudraeth , on 10 april 2016 .
baa said the problem had been caused by a hardware fault which saw the check - in desks and boarding screens fail for almost three hours .
steve whitmire has supplied kermit 's nasal tones since 1990 , after the death of muppets creator jim henson .
the phab2pro 's sensors allow it to make sense of objects and close - by spaces , allowing graphics to be intelligently added to real - world views .
homeowners hit by the flooding in december can apply for up to Â # 5,000 from the government 's future flood prevention funding scheme .
george hamilton was speaking to mps on the northern ireland affairs committee .
one head teacher decided ` ` all reading can be done on ipads , '' a delegate told the association of teachers and lecturers ' annual conference .
at one point in his final round of 67 , ramsay looked like he might take his challenge to the wire , closing to within a single shot of the eventual champion , alex noren , following a run of four straight birdies in his opening six holes .
labour mp for bassetlaw , john mann , a leave campaigner , said people voted to leave because of immigration , zero - hour contracts and job prospects and said a ` ` divide in britain '' had been exposed .
mep nathan gill said he ` ` could not stay in a party that suddenly represented all the things that for 12 years i said it did n't represent '' .
overturning a 2013 ruling , the judges did not , however , halt the programme but urged congress to take action .
correspondents said the atmosphere at schools was subdued and many pupils had not returned .
they were evicted from the british overseas territory in the 1960s to allow the uk government to lease diego garcia to the us to use as an airbase .
speaking on bbc radio 4 's world at one programme , general lord dannatt said it was wrong to ` ` talk up '' the incidents .
emergency services were called to bell lane near the delves in walsall at 22:20 gmt on monday as a car hit two brick walls and ended up across the gardens .
the addition of permian , who was successful in the dante stakes at york , and last week 's goodwood winner khalidi , means the total purse for the classic on 3 june will be # 1.625 m .
after an initial spot - kick , teams each take pairs of kicks in an attempt to reduce the pressure on the side taking the second kick in a shootout .
clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so they are available for testing at all times .
` ` this is definitely not the oscars , '' said 22 jump street star jillian bell on the red carpet in los angeles .
the 24-year - old has agreed a two - year - deal and will arrive following his commitments with the stormers and western province in south africa .
media playback is not supported on this device
john lahiff , 75 , told local media that he disturbed the crocodile while looking for a ball in water at the course in port douglas , queensland .
william johnston , of walsham - le - willows , suffolk , admitted dumping the rubbish , described as building material and household waste , last april .
for all that it may sound attractive to the scots , welsh and northern irish to have greater influence over their respective economic destinies , presumably that would be less desirable if at a stroke they became poorer .
the 35-year - old former west ham and derby man was approaching the end of his contract at the club .
the units in north tyneside and northumberland have been shut between midnight and 08:00 since december .
ancient sites like palmyra have suffered destruction , and it is feared that hundreds of precious valuables have been smuggled out of the country to be sold on the international art market .
it may seem strange to measure the impact of a presidential visit to the eu institutions and nato simply in terms of faux - pas avoided and false steps not taken but somehow that 's the way it is for mr trump .
the firm said market conditions ` ` continued to be challenging '' but that they anticipate a return to growth in 2014 .
the interim report into integrated care 24 -lrb- ic24 -rrb- , which runs non - emergency 111 and out - of - hours services in norfolk and wisbech , found deficiencies in call handling and a shortage of gps .
but this was far from the first time bungling contractors have been left with red faces .
they were on board an anti - piracy vessel , the seaman guard ohio , which was detained in october , 2013 .
the 33-year - old , who is the younger brother of harlequins number eight nick , joined sale in 2011 after six years at northampton .
in a telephone call , us secretary of state john kerry told chinese foreign minister wang yi the us had ` ` strong concerns '' over recent developments .
the event , remembering , forgetting and moving on , was organised by cardiff university 's school of journalism .
two years down the line , jones has now become a mother - and says this has given her a new awareness of what mum - of - one gemma foster went through .
the shooting appears to be the latest murder in an on - going gangland feud .
biologists studied a group of sydney octopuses off australia 's east coast and observed a range of behaviour that may indicate complex social signalling .
they have remained flat due to rising inflation and fuel prices , according to asda 's income tracker .
the hosts were on course for the second highest chase in women 's twenty20 internationals before rain intervened .
ashley brace , from ebbw vale , blaenau gwent , could not compete at the commonwealth games because of her kickboxing past .
castle maclellan foods will receive the support for its kirkcudbright base from parent company kavli .
that phrase hinted both at an ideal flexible arrangement in the future and an ideal shared approach from both the uk and irish governments , together stressing to the eu the paramount importance of doing nothing that might constitute any kind of risk to the political progress made over recent decades .
evans gave the bantams the lead with style early on as he curled home from 20 yards into the bottom corner .
it will be available to 1.7 bn people on the platform worldwide via rooney 's and the manchester united facebook pages .
lorenzo insigne 's deflected 25-yard shot gave the hosts the lead six minutes before the break .
sherwood took over in february with villa in the bottom three and led the club to premier league safety and 17th .
karma khayat and her tv station al - jadeed are accused of contempt of court for revealing details about witnesses .
the hole , which opened up in grays , essex , on wednesday afternoon , also caused a gas leak .
betsi cadwaladr health board has suggested downgrading services at one of the area 's three district hospitals due to a staffing shortage .
amy pope and sam paterson are the first recruits to the holywell monastic community on an estate in abergavenny .
foredowne boarding kennel is facing allegations about how dogs , seized by devon and cornwall police and placed there , were kept without exercise .
andrew sleat , 43 , of blackfold road , crawley , was also fined Â # 300 at crawley magistrates ' court after he was convicted of drinking and driving .
the aurora australis had broken free of its mooring lines on wednesday following a severe blizzard .
posting on facebook , the comic said his dad was out of work after losing his job at the local crown court .
magistrate alicia g rosenburg signed a seizure warrant for the ` ` fingerprint on iphone device '' of paytsar bkhchadzhyan , of los angeles , on 25 february , while she was in police custody .
some residents of james turner street in birmingham complained that they had been misled before appearing on the programme .
the england skipper hit a run - a - ball 92 at headingley , with james taylor and ben stokes both scoring 41 .
the away side had the first chance of note , but joe healy sent his long - range thunderbolt wide 12 minutes in before andy cook found the side netting from liam ridehalgh 's cross at the other end .
although 14 candidates are contesting the election , these two men are the frontrunners with most eyes on them .
haydn harwood , 33 , says the black spiders are in ` ` every nook and cranny '' of the outside walls of his house and garage in llanedeyrn .
the bung was left in place after the procedure at northampton general hospital .
vicente del bosque 's european champions had 64 % possession in alicante , as full - back mario gaspar scored a stunning acrobatic goal .
hawick knitwear , which employs more than 230 staff , has also increased its production of sweaters to meet demand .
the 67-year - old was attacked outside his gateshead home on 25 january and suffered a broken collar bone .
she said she was ` ` so proud and excited '' about her new role , describing it as ` ` a dream come true '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
the stricken robot , made by knightscope , was spotted by passers - by whose photos of the aftermath quickly went viral on social media .
frenchman christophe borgye 's remains were found at a property in ellesmere port , merseyside , in 2013 - four years after he was reported missing .
rovers made a positive start and took the lead in the seventh minute thanks to liam noble 's deflected free - kick , but the hosts were soon back on level terms .
the victim , named by police as ali nasrollahi , 22 , was found collapsed in barnet on tuesday afternoon .
he said that mrs clinton would put liberal justices on the supreme court if she wins the presidency in november , threatening gun ownership rights .
she will talk about her life outside of politics , including television appearances on strictly come dancing and doctor who .
the body of omar omran was found at an apartment in the riverside complex , kimmage , on monday evening .
arsenal beat notts county in the last eight on friday , the same side they overcame in last year 's final .
the 25-year - old claimed her maiden able - bodied national title on sunday and won team gold with england at the 2010 commonwealth games .
the party is to set up a task force that will consider how to implement the plans - expected to be outlined at the party conference next week .
the conservative peer became ill last month and spent 18 days in intensive care , he confirmed on twitter .
the program - called vital - will vote on whether to invest in a specific company or not .
william stuart , 10 , from etchingham , east sussex has autism and a condition called global developmental delay -lrb- gdd -rrb- and can not speak .
prime minister david cameron announced the deal as he started a jamaica visit .
the northern irishman , twice a winner of the european tour 's season - finale , stumbled to a three - over - par 75 to lie joint 55th in a 60-man field .
dup leader , first minister arlene foster , has resisted both calls to step aside and calls to resign over the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
mccann is ` ` delighted '' with the seven new faces he has signed in recent weeks , but admits it has been tough .
it 's part of the show 's 30th anniversary week , so two good reasons for a party .
general jonathan vance , canada 's top soldier , has opened an investigation into the weekend incident and has called it ` ` deplorable '' .
european space propulsion -lrb- esp -rrb- limited blamed disappointing sales for going into liquidation .
kevin mcguigan sr was shot dead at his home at comber court in the short strand on wednesday .
esposito was presley 's professional assistant and a member of his inner circle , known as the ` ` memphis mafia '' .
the citizens advice scotland -lrb- cas -rrb- study found 15 % of people said it happened ` ` most of the time '' or ` ` always '' .
the 21-time grand slam champion was questioned on the issue after her 48-minute 6 - 2 6 - 0 wimbledon semi - final victory against elena vesnina .
and yet , according to the islamic society of nevada , there are six mosques and around 30,000 muslims in this oasis of neon .
the argentine - born film - maker died in hospital in sao paulo on 13 july after a heart attack , denise winther of babenco 's hb films said .
the clogher rider took a narrow victory over compatriot alastair seeley after 10 laps , with dublin 's jack kennedy fourth and david allingham in sixth .
authorities believe 19 gourma elephants have been killed for their tusks in the past month .
cancer research uk said the number of females diagnosed with the disease had climbed 97 % since 1975 .
they may not think they have any data worth stealing but even the smallest company can be custodian to information that represents hard cash to criminal gangs : credit card details , customers ' names and addresses , or the designs vital to an innovative start - up - all have a ready criminal market .
natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- said the impact on sites of special scientific interest -lrb- sssis -rrb- ` ` could not be fully mitigated '' .
but the study says there is no clear evidence of academic improvement for pupils using tablet devices .
police were called to the a35 at bloxworth , near wareham , at about 09:10 bst after they were discovered by a dog walker .
leigh - anne mahachi , 22 , was discovered at a property in spotswood close , in gleadless valley , on tuesday , but died later in hospital .
media playback is not supported on this device
the first node in the network is a telecommunications satellite that was launched from baikonur , kazakhstan .
oscars 2017 : full coverage
jung won aboard sam , who was a late replacement when fischertakinou contracted an infection in july .
so far troops have rescued 150 people from the worst - hit site in central kegalle district , but hopes are fading for another 134 still unaccounted for .
it hit crowds watching the krewe of endymion parade in the mid - city district early on saturday evening .
the 29-year - old spent the majority of last season on loan with wolves , making 19 appearances in all competitions .
a special unit was waiting for the man inside the shop passeig de gracia , barcelona 's biggest shopping street .
colin green , a professor of water economics , says thames water will make at least # 100 m a year if it goes ahead .
while music fans around the world mourned the loss of artists like david bowie , prince and leonard cohen , two important local voices were also silenced .
ahmed awad bin mubarak was handed over to a delegation of tribal leaders .
for weeks he has come under pressure to step down as investigations continue into allegations that his wife was paid large sums of public money for a job she did not do .
we welcome your comments , stories , pictures and feedback on our output .
the exercise was overseen by north leader kim jong - un , said the kcna state news agency , who called on the military to be ready to ` ` ruthlessly '' destroy the government in south .
officers were called to lowe street in whitmore reans , wolverhampton at 17:00 gmt on thursday when a 17-year - old boy was found with stab wounds .
a message on luton councillor aysegul gurbuz 's twitter feed claimed hitler was the ` ` greatest man in history '' .
from thursday , payments for some benefits will be limited to the first two children in a family .
fergus ewing said it meant 16,521 farmers had now received their common agricultural policy payments .
the 62-year - old , who scored almost 15,000 runs for derbyshire between 1977 and 1988 , will rejoin the team in june , a month before the t20 blast begins .
met commissioner sir bernard hogan - howe told an audience at the royal united services institute -lrb- rusi -rrb- that firearm officers needed greater public support .
it was always going to be a highly charged farewell , after 112 years , to this football bastion of east london and the one consolation was that at least no - one was seriously injured .
police said the 14-year - old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment .
prof colin riordan , the chair of universities wales and vice - chancellor of cardiff university , said the policy of paying the majority of welsh students ' tuition fees has to change .
the business was owned by john and karen blisard and began operating in 2007 .
media playback is not supported on this device
gary neville , from cupar way , belfast , raised Â # 930 at a charity fundraising music night he organised last year .
the 26-year - old will join wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer for a fee believed to be # 10 m .
it is a talent that helped him move from being bankrupt , aged 32 , to becoming a multimillionaire by the time he was 48 .
the warning has been made by the royal college of emergency medicine in its weekly update of a&e performance .
terence brannigan , chair of the maze / long kesh development corporation , was speaking after roads around the former prison site were congested on the first day of the event .
jemma beale , 25 , claimed she was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six , all strangers , in four encounters spanning three years .
jamie robinson , a medical researcher , told the bbc 's world have your say programme that passengers were abandoned by the staff , who ran and locked themselves away in a service room .
team brewster beat the olympic silver medallists skipped by david murdoch 7 - 2 9 - 5 at perth 's dewars centre on sunday to clinch the men 's spot .
arlene foster added her voice to the campaign after meeting a group of people affected by the drug at stormont on monday .
the vessel , thought to be just 20 m -lrb- 70 ft -rrb- long , capsized at midnight local time in libyan waters south of the italian island of lampedusa .
media playback is not supported on this device
police said the firework was dropped through the doorway of a fish and chip shop by an ` ` unknown male '' .
operators such as uber and grabtaxi will now have to register with the country 's land transport authority .
chelsea , the reigning premier league champions , losing at home to burnley -lrb- that 's burnley , the team that won once away in the whole of 2016 - 17 -rrb- on the opening weekend of the premier league season .
emmerson whittel may need surgery on his jaw , while the club alleges player josh lynam was also bitten on the ear .
the ibrox club ripped up its contract with mr ashley after it was alleged rangers only received about 7p in every Â # 1 spent on club products .
inspectors found staff at complete utilities ltd were not fully trained to operate plant vehicles , and the work site was ` ` chaotic and disorganised '' .
former manchester united player and coach phil neville explains what louis van gaal has learned from his first season in the premier league and why his team are not far away from being title contenders again .
a number of homes were inundated in gorleston and nearby bradwell on sunday .
speaking to the new york times , mr trump said the us would only come to the aid of allies if they have ` ` fulfilled their obligations to us '' .
the two are anthony allen , 43 , of hertfordshire , england and anthony conti , 45 , of essex , england .
mr lewandowski is charged with simple battery over his encounter with former breitbart reporter michelle fields .
i think i ' ve only ever had one or two hugs from ivan - once after i lost my first wimbledon final against roger federer , and maybe also when i won the us open final .
west yorkshire fire service said half of freeston academy in normanton , near wakefield was ablaze at one point , leaving the building badly damaged .
northampton 's north has a hamstring injury while leinster 's henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle .
but with no private company yet to get a craft with passengers onboard into orbit , or even sub - orbit , how can you best endeavour to lead an industry that is still very much in an embryonic state ?
fox has spent the last five years as chief commercial officer at premier league rivals arsenal and replaces paul faulkner , who left villa park in july .
grace taylor , who was backpacking , had been uncontactable since 16 february , her mother sam taylor said on facebook .
a crane was used to lift the scanner into place and the operation took several hours to complete .
the princeton review survey also placed abertay ninth in the world for its postgraduate gaming courses .
gunners joseph rowbottom , 27 , from wrawby , north lincolnshire , and albert venus , 22 , from hull , died on 24 may 1915 during the second battle of ypres .
it took $ 36.4 m -lrb- # 26.7 m -rrb- , trouncing melissa mccarthy 's latest comedy , tammy , which took $ 21.2 m -lrb- # 15.6 m -rrb- .
media playback is not supported on this device
ben hooper started his 2,000-mile -lrb- 3,200 km -rrb- swim from dakar harbour in senegal , west africa .
a spokesman said both men were in their 60s , but gave no further details .
the young woman and her diving buddy were exploring the wreck of sunken cargo ship near lochaline .
sir steve webb , director of policy at royal london , wants the government to encourage more people to claim them .
the addicks dropped into the relegation zone following tuesday 's 3 - 0 defeat at home to preston .
the kemp 's ridley turtle was one of two found on beaches near formby , merseyside , and cumbria 's walney island on 22 december .
the group says it has 1.5 terabytes of the company 's data and has posted episodes of ballers and room 104 online .
7 october 2016 last updated at 18:17 bst
the video of bailey matthews showing him abandoning his walking aid to cross the finish line has been viewed on facebook more than 27 million times .
coffins representing two men and two women who resisted the nazis in world war two were carried through the french capital before being interred .
kelly mahon , of john broad avenue , arleston , was arrested after the infant was reported missing from his home on 24 february .
fears have been expressed by some in the industry that a breakdown in the current agreement could result in more cash machines charging a fee .
they own the boundary wall along the river arun at arundel , west sussex , which gave way in january after high tides and heavy rainfall .
hughes was carried off on a stretcher at the sydney cricket ground after he was struck on the top of the neck by a short - pitched delivery from sean abbott , 22 , during a sheffield shield game against new south wales on tuesday .
the station , based in toxteth , was set up as part of a government initiative three years ago and has been supported by money from the bbc licence fee .
four - month - old ted visits wales twice a month to see his grandparents in carmarthenshire and the tv star hopes he will be brought up to be bilingual .
many students smuggled in textbooks and notes into the examination centres despite tight security - and parents and friends were photographed scaling the walls of test centres to pass on answers to students during the current secondary school examinations .
the scandal began in may when the payslips of top managers at the state insurance company were leaked to the media , showing they were receiving very generous salaries .
until now agencies such as the fbi had not needed a warrant to use machines called cell - site simulators that track the locations of phones in the area .
media playback is unsupported on your device
` ` rodrigo was nurturing the dream of being a professional footballer .
the prime minister has said curbs on eu citizens ' freedom of movement in the uk would be a red line for her and she has ruled out a points - based system .
the euro 2012 co - hosts took the lead when yarmolenko seized on goalkeeper samir handanovic 's unconvincing punch .
the blast tore through the crowded jameela market in the predominantly shia district of sadr city .
researchers at the university of sheffield said the tumours were effectively ` ` fertilising '' the bone to help themselves grow .
taylor already knew he was through before his 7 - 5 win over adrian lewis as dave chisnall could only draw against james wade .
the new college of policing guidance is designed to help officers prosecute without relying on victims ' evidence .
the center for disease control -lrb- cdc -rrb- said 45 people had been infected with a strain of e. coli , 43 of whom reported eating at a chipotle restaurant .
lynn davies , 58 , from neath , was given a deal by cardiff crown court judge patrick curran qc in october and given six months to repay the cash .
elderly world war two veterans lead the crowd .
` ` in full co - ordination with the government of iraq , we 're deploying a specialised expeditionary targeting force to assist iraqi and kurdish peshmerga forces , '' mr carter said .
up to a dozen a-29 super tucano aircraft would be sold to nigeria to help fight islamist militant group boko haram , unnamed us officials said .
ryan watson was taken to wishaw general following an incident in wilson street on 11 august but later died .
margaret fleming , 36 , was last seen at her home in inverkip by her two carers at about 17:40 on friday 28 october .
julia knight , 56 , had denied trying to kill irene robson , 81 , but admitted administering the insulin at horton hospital in banbury in october 2014 .
media playback is unsupported on your device
inflation , as measured by consumer prices index -lrb- cpi -rrb- , rose to 0.1 % in may , up from -0.1 % in april .
media playback is not supported on this device
merlin entertainments group -lrb- meg -rrb- , which runs the attraction , filed an application in 2014 to build lodges which was rejected by the council .
mark dornan , 22 , was arrested after officers from the uk border force intercepted a parcel sent from belgium .
in 2014 , the largest colony of the rare seabirds was at winterton , near great yarmouth , norfolk but the birds have since moved north to sea palling .
they have occupied a floor of the university 's administration building .
the sculpture , in his hometown of barnsley , has become a magnet for revellers who have hung condoms and pants from it .
in a facebook posting , collins claimed ` ` a close mutual friend '' said mitchell ` ` is walking , talking , painting some , doing much rehab every day '' .
wayne maycock , paul bromwich and admi headley were last seen at hmp leyhill at about 16:45 gmt on sunday .
morgan geyser and anissa weier have been charged with attempted murder over the attack .
baxter , 24 , played the last of his 93 league games for united in february , with the ex - everton trainee then banned for an unspecified reason by the club .
the northampton hooker is expected to be named skipper by new head coach eddie jones on monday .
ms palin is the only republican in recent history to demonstrate the kind of star power that has elevated mr trump to the top in the race for the 2016 republican presidential nomination .
the office for nuclear regulation -lrb- onr -rrb- has also warned devonport in plymouth might need enhanced monitoring until 2020 unless improvements are made .
church members have voted to raise the cost of a wedding from # 296 to # 415 and for a funeral service from # 102 to # 160 from january next year .
but the design , for a new apartment complex in south korea , has sparked a furious response from critics who say it resembles the collapse of new york 's world trade center after the 9/11 attacks .
wandsworth inmate neil moore was on remand when he used an illicit mobile phone to create a fake email account .
previously , mr jones warned wales was ` ` unlikely to consent '' to a deal unless certain conditions were secured .
on saturday , the british medical association -lrb- bma -rrb- announced it would be asking members in england about whether they wanted to take action .
the 31-year - old scored just twice in 36 appearances in the dons ' maiden league one campaign last season .
it 's rare that the company delves too far into how the ` ` magic '' - as they call it - works .
media playback is not supported on this device
regulator ofgem said there were 3.8 million switches in the first six months of the year .
william and kate are entering a once - isolated land .
he told the bbc the eu was ` ` broken '' and ` ` undemocratic '' and told the sun many labour councillors would ` ` shock '' westminster with their referendum vote .
the incident involving a black ford ka happened on st fillans road at about 21:00 on saturday .
the hull 2017 culture company said fundraising had exceeded its public target of # 18 m , raised with investment from 61 partners .
american wambach , the world 's all - time leading international goalscorer , was arrested on saturday for drink - driving .
13 april 2016 last updated at 20:41 bst
jade ali , 28 , said she had been ` ` left in the dark '' about the search for partner christopher huxtable , 34 .
the fares freeze was a significant promise made by mr khan during this year 's mayoral election race .
euro 2016 winners portugal will now face chile in the last four on wednesday -lrb- 19:00 bst -rrb- .
the bodies of kenneth and rita boughey were discovered at their home in the abbey development on thursday night .
the country 's government has deemed him worthy of the grand cross of the order of civil merit for his bravery .
another 130 people were wounded in what authorities said was a ` ` premeditated , violent terrorist attack '' .
the republican party is too badly divided .
maj gen james johnston was faced with 40,000 prisoners at the bergen - belsen camp and set up a hospital to treat them for typhus , tb and starvation .
the vector v40r powerboat flipped over and hit a buoy in the solent in may last year .
the office of rail and road -lrb- orr -rrb- said it had safety concerns over the west coast railway company -lrb- wcrc -rrb- .
the mercedes driver did a sensational lap to beat title rival sebastian vettel of ferrari , who was on top form himself , by 0.242 seconds .
in a statement , the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons -lrb- opcw -rrb- said the declaration was submitted three days ahead of schedule .
27 november 2015 last updated at 17:38 gmt
an investigation by northampton borough council discovered 21 homeless people in the town , including ` ` a significant proportion of european migrants '' .
city led through daphne corboz 's tap - in after nikita parris hit the post .
the city council says 500 self - service bikes will be located across the city from april 2017 .
fields around organic farms have more types of wild plants , providing benefits for wildlife , say scientists .
in may , punch taverns halted its plans for the corn exchange , in crickhowell , after protests which led to villagers launching their own bid to buy it .
england won by six wickets after a pakistan batting collapse featuring three run - outs in sharjah on tuesday .
it is not the done thing to interfere in the internal affairs of a member state after all and britain is still a member state - just about .
a heavy shower on friday afternoon brought out the wellies , ponchos and umbrellas and created puddles on site .
james chester scored the decisive penalty with vale 's richard duffy the only man to miss from the spot .
the capital has had a representative in super league since its inception in 1996 but london 's side has never won the league title or the challenge cup .
the ` ` black box '' of the su-24 jet was officially opened in moscow on friday in front of journalists and diplomats .
mr osborne cited ` ` tentative signs of a balanced , broad based and sustainable recovery '' , but stressed it was still the ` ` early stages '' and ` ` plenty of risks '' remained .
kemp , who last played grant mitchell in 2006 , said it would be ` ` a brief return '' .
five - time world champion o'sullivan came from 3 - 0 down to level the match before fellow englishman holt took the deciding frame with a break of 76 .
the stretch of road on the a890 was closed following rock falls last month , before it was later partially reopened .
the 22-year - old was one of six men arrested as part of an investigation into spot - fixing by the national crime agency and bailed until april 2014 .
she died peacefully , aged 87 , on monday the 8th of april 2013 .
the latest stage of the government 's auto - enrolment programme has seen a 95 % compliance rate among small businesses .
each evening cardiff bay will become the venue for a world music showcase festival featuring a tapas of world music from around the world .
sam cooke , 22 , from manchester , arrived at his house to find two cards on his doormat .
assistant nurse emilie telander , 26 , cheers as one of the day patients at svartedalen 's elderly care home in gothenburg manages to roll a six in a game of ludo .
the sign outside chimes cafe in machynlleth , powys , says : ` ` the more you weigh , the harder you are to kidnap !
10 february 2016 last updated at 14:11 gmt
dr ben clark , 40 , was one of three air ambulance staff to be honoured at the pride of britain awards for treating victims of the alton towers smiler crash in june .
the dutch sunweb rider began tuesday with a two minutes 41 seconds advantage but stopped temporarily 33 km from the finish to deal with ` ` stomach problems '' .
watson , world ranked 110th , was beaten 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 2 -rrb- 6 - 2 by the estonian anett kontaveit , who is the world number 99 .
duns , hawick , peebles and selkirk saw numbers rise with a regionwide increase of 1 % last year compared with 2015 .
their remains were found in a single grave in coghalstown , county meath , in the republic of ireland in june .
the teenager was arrested outside a takeaway in heywood in august 2008 for being disruptive .
judge aaron persky has been heavily criticised for giving student brock turner six months for assaulting an unconscious woman last year .
the former manchester city man , 30 , won 61 caps for england after making his senior debut in 2009 .
the 18-year - old will provide cover for luke daniels , who starts a three - match ban for his red card in the opening day defeat at burton on saturday .
it follows on from the hugely successful first movie , reuniting stars including robert downey jr as iron man and chris hemsworth as thor .
` ` the us is an extremely diverse society and attitudes toward lgbt people differ hugely across the country , '' a travel advisory from the uk reads .
the swans dropped back into the bottom three after losing to tottenham hotspur on wednesday - their third defeat in their last four games .
the red - throated diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in a remote part of north uist .
a ` time to go , massimo ' poster appeared on an advertising board outside the east stand on thursday .
welsh language minister alun davies told ams it would help efforts to reach that goal stay on the right track .
but for one group of passengers - those who use wheelchairs - flying often turns into an upsetting and nerve - wracking experience , whatever the time of year .
the 23-year - old , whose brother sam has returned to the rabbitohs after a spell in rugby union , said in may that he was keen to play in the nfl .
the 36-year - old was taken to a london hospital in a critical condition at about 03:45 after he became unwell at an address in carshalton road , mitcham .
konstandinos erik scurfield , 25 , an ex - royal marine from barnsley , died near the syrian city of qamishli on 2 march , kurdish officials have said .
media playback is not supported on this device
clwyd west tory mp david jones said he backed proposals for ` ` english votes for english laws '' but it was important to define clearly what those issues were .
just like its aquatic inspiration , the robotic tentacle has no rigid skeleton ; it can bend , stretch and switch between flexible and rigid states as required .
graham keddie told the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- that tourism ireland needed to change its work in northern ireland .
lon snowden told journalists in moscow he felt ` ` extreme gratitude that my son is safe and secure and he 's free '' .
the disorder at hmp erlestoke began on saturday when two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff .
syrian state media says toxic gas was contained in shells that rebels have been firing at government - held areas in the divided city .
gales and heavy rain swept across large parts of the uk , causing devastating flooding in cumbria and lancashire , as well as parts of southern scotland .
cameron stewart missed a great first - half chance for linfield but they had to battle hard to repel pressure from the home side in the second period .
abels shipbuilders at albion dockyard on bristol 's floating harbour is to cease trading because its owner is retiring .
it will house the town 's library , a cafe , community space , and anglesey 's local history collection .
researchers discovered it after looking back at some fossils found in the late 2000s in morocco , north africa .
that left him having to raise some of the less well - known taxes .
the move comes as the scottish government continues its investigation of tower blocks in scotland .
with her adorable charm and blonde curls , she was one of the most popular stars of the 1930s , in hit movies like bright eyes and stand up and cheer .
the group all stars has just released a peace song entitled dafa dafa which means revenge in the local arabic .
the night wolves had planned to enter next week as part of a ride across europe to commemorate the 70th anniversary of world war two .
five - time world champion o'sullivan took the first three frames and won 4 - 1 after white had beaten ryan day without losing a frame .
last summer ministers said they would invest an additional # 143 m in the services this financial year .
they show emissions in 2015 were 41 % below the levels for 1990 , a benchmark against which targets are set .
mountazar drissi said there were numerous cases of multiple voting , while people were bussed in from the countryside to vote in cities .
` ` it 's surreal , man , it really is , '' said gennett , the first reds player to achieve the feat and who also tied a club record with 10 runs batted in .
dumfries sheriff court was told that the dangerous contraption could have caused damage , a fire or injury .
assistant boss david weir and sporting director frank mcparland will also depart the bees , who are currently seventh in the championship table .
archaeologists are racing against changing tides to record and excavate the find in peat at borth , which gives a snapshot of a time when the shore lay further west .
she said the games would bring ` ` honour and pride '' to the country .
the fishermen aboard the st apollo escaped into their life raft during the incident early on monday .
pink dot has been held every year since 2009 .
items including chinese jade and rhino horn were stolen in cambridge , durham , norwich and lewes , east sussex .
parents and carers at camau bach in aberystwyth were told someone trespassed into its green room from the outside play area .
a director of the chartered trading standards institute said that local authorities are forced to make a ` ` wicked '' choice between what services they provide because of austerity .
the head of the mission , peter graaff , met the ghanaian president to thank the country for hosting the agency since it was set up in september last year .
the 28-year - old was arrested following an investigation by the queensland crime and corruption commission -lrb- ccc -rrb- .
some commentators feel the new constitution will further divide egyptian society and may lead to more chaos .
john kelly , whose brother michael was killed in the 1972 atrocity , said the march was a ` ` deliberate insult '' to the people of derry .
initial signs suggested andrey malanin , 55 , died of natural causes , but police said they were investigating the death .
thousands of children have been examined every 10 years since 1973 .
the grimsel car took only 1.513 seconds to reach 100kph -lrb- 62 mph -rrb- - slashing about a quarter of a second off the previous record time .
the newspaper has been widely boycotted in the city because of its accusations following the hillsborough disaster .
a truck is said to have exploded as it was off - loading butane cooking gas in the town of nnewi in anambra state .
the cameras will go live on the northbound and southbound carriages of the m74 between hamilton and the east of glasgow from monday .
lewis , 19 , signed a three - year contract with the english premier league club on friday , having played three fa cup games for them last season .
the two men in their 40s went missing on tuesday as they climbed the 4,248-metre -lrb- 13,937 ft -rrb- mont blanc du tacul .
singer bono said : ` ` we ' ve lost a family member , '' adding , ` ` he was n't just a legend in the music business , he was a legend in our band . ''
the accusation comes days after the us and taiwan said china appeared to have deployed surface - to - air missiles on a contested island in the region .
the systems , at kentucky methodist hospital , chino valley medical center and desert valley hospital , california , are now running normally again .
the flight search engine website reported revenues of Â # 120 m for 2015 , up 28 % on the previous year .
while ministers claim their psychoactive substances bill reflects the findings of the experts , i am told that the hand - picked committee was divided on whether low - harm substances like amyl nitrate -lrb- poppers -rrb- and nitrous oxide -lrb- laughing gas -rrb- should be included .
if found guilty on the charge of negligence , she could be jailed for up to 10 years .
once again , it was only celtic who were able to pay substantial sums in transfer fees and , even then , manager neil lennon 's focus in signing leigh griffiths and stefan johansen was not so much on results in the second half of the season but on preparing for next season 's assault on the champions league qualifying rounds .
the Â # 42 m mv loch seaforth made its first passenger sailing last month but is still in a ` ` test period '' and not fully in service .
bendtner required oxygen as he was carried off the field on a stretcher , having landed awkwardly in a collision with blues defender michael morrison .
the two music stars have been arguing ever since falling out over some backing singers three years ago .
matt shepherd scored 15 points for the duchy to end a run of two successive final defeats by the red rose county .
manchester city climb from fifth to third after a 2 - 1 win over swansea city , with liverpool dropping one place to fifth after a 2 - 0 defeat at lowly hull city and manchester united remain sixth after a 3 - 0 win at leicester city .
skn heritage museum is showing the type of belongings brought by african - caribbean immigrants in the 1940s and 50s .
captcha checks typically ask people to complete a puzzle that a computer would struggle to complete correctly .
18 march 2014 last updated at 09:22 gmt
joyce watson , labour am for mid and west wales , backs a fingerprint i d system of cashless payments to help poorer children .
that compares with just 300 people in the largest trust area , belfast .
cassells , 22 , and scrimgeour clocked six minutes and 29.63 seconds to finish ahead of denmark and china .
the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- said jacqueline oakes , of birmingham , was let down by a raft of procedural errors and failings to identify the risk she faced .
aguirre was best known for his role in the long - running children 's tv series el chavo del ocho , where he played the teacher , professor jirafales .
bafana bafana are without a win in four games in group m and drew their latest games against cameroon 2 - 2 and 0 - 0 .
matthew todd miller , a 24-year - old us citizen , was sentenced to six years of hard labour on 14 september 2014 for what state media described as ` ` hostile acts '' against north korea .
sophie fearns said son charlie , of merseyside , needs to fly back to seattle , america for experimental treatment unavailable in the uk .
the 122-year - old victorian structure spanning the river thames last underwent refurbishment in 1970 .
the problems emerge because the six - digit codes booking systems use to identify travellers are easy to guess .
fr john sullivan -lrb- 1861 - 1933 -rrb- was one of 39 to be named in a decree signed by pope francis to be beatified - officially recognised as ` blessed ' .
a spokesman for the zoo said it was hard to predict a specific date for any cub being born , and that the breeding season can last until late september .
europe 's largest 10 km run had more than 35,000 runners last year and there will also be a half - marathon this time .
the call was made by scottish conservative mary scanlon and backed by snp msp mike mackenzie .
media playback is not supported on this device
the drone targeted his vehicle in a remote area of south - west pakistan , near the afghan border , on saturday .
` ` i ' m ok with myself , i sleep pretty good at night , '' casey anthony told the associated press , adding that she does not care ` ` what anyone thinks about me '' .
the wicketkeeper - batter , 26 , has been a key part of the england set - up since making her international debut in 2006 .
media playback is unsupported on your device
reading borough council had said it would need to spend Â # 700,000 to bring the arthur hill memorial baths up to standard .
another 30 on the bus were hurt and two of them were fighting for their lives .
media playback is not supported on this device
the sentencing of david gilroy , who killed edinburgh woman suzanne pilley , is due to take place next wednesday .
in an interview with newspaper die zeit , hitzlsperger said he was coming out to advance discussion of a topic that was ` ` simply ignored '' in german football .
the police allege 28-year - old nazrul , also called nazu , was the man who raped the 74-year - old nun .
it 's not natural labour territory .
julie sayles , 59 , of sewerby road , bridlington is alleged to have persuaded edith negus to change her will to benefit her .
it also warns that britain may have to allow eu - registered boats to fish in uk waters as part of an overall deal .
in january , the loyalist campaign of protest against belfast city council 's vote to limit the flying of the union flag to designated days only was still at its height .
shaun ingram from saltash booked his ford focus st in for a major service at halfords autocentre in plymouth in march .
australian ship ocean shield is first investigating a possible third signal elsewhere in the massive search zone .
bertrand traore , playing as a central striker , gave the blues the lead when he took nemanja matic 's pass , turned and fired home from 20 yards out .
the hosts dominated the first half as tries for charles piutau , rob miller and ashley johnson secured a 25 - 0 lead .
striker kashket scored one goal in 22 appearances for the o 's and has joined on a contract until 31 december .
the 10-year - old irish - bred horse collapsed after narrowly beating thistlecrack to win the cotswold chase at cheltenham 's festival trials day .
the flight from manchester airport to agadir in morocco , was diverted to london gatwick less than an hour after take - off on thursday .
the barn surgery in christchurch was criticised by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- following an inspection in may last year .
those words sung by frank sinatra for martin scorsese 's classic 1970s film were ones rotherham chairman tony stewart might have hoped to hear in the town 's streets in july 2012 as they moved in to the new york stadium , its name taken from that of the local area .
there have been calls for reform of the system , which often sees highly - paid council chiefs get extra payments of tens of thousands of pounds .
as first reported by the express , the settled community in the hovefields area of wickford reported hardcore - laden lorries arrive at the weekend .
flames could be seen shooting from the roof of scotway house , close to the city 's riverside museum , after the fire broke out on friday evening .
evidence of suspected match - fixing in elite tennis was revealed this week by a bbc and buzzfeed news investigation .
lancashire county council has earmarked land on the former glenburn sports college and skelmersdale college .
8 march 2016 last updated at 10:47 gmt
the world 's biggest clothing retailer posted net earnings of $ 1.26 bn -lrb- # 1.1 bn -rrb- in the six months to 31 july - up 8 % on the same period last year .
the incident was reported near junction 16 at johnstonebridge at about 14:20 .
` ` bonkers bruno locked up '' , was changed to ` ` sad bruno in mental home '' by the time later editions rolled off the presses .
oliseh , 42 , who stood down as super eagles coach in february 2016 , previously played for dutch giants ajax from 1997 to 1999 .
media playback is not supported on this device
` ` dependency on giving that only appears to be charitable must end , '' he said in a tweet ahead of this weekend 's african union summit in south africa .
transport staff are recording details of all travellers leaving by commercial air , sea and rail transport .
mccall said he and some of his players were goaded by supporters following their 1 - 0 loss to the lions at wembley .
everton supporter michael cullen , 50 , completed the 11-day challenge ahead of his team 's fa cup semi - final against manchester united on saturday .
the hosts took the lead with jake taylor 's stunning long - range strike but diomande equalised for the premier league side within two minutes .
the subsidies for job - seeking graduates and other state support for youngsters are worth $ 400 - 500 m -lrb- # 321 - 401 m -rrb- .
the kings , who play in port elizabeth , and the bloemfontein - based cheetahs are expected to join the league after losing their super rugby status .
asked about the allegations surrounding the late entertainer , mr cameron suggested that the removal of his honour might be an option .
katie milby , 13 , has morquio a , a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people in the uk .
media playback is not supported on this device
wednesday 's friendly against canada at easter road was sparsely attended and the crowd for sunday is expected to be well short of hampden 's capacity .
the 40-year - old former new zealand player is currently forwards coach at clermont auvergne and he previously held a similar position at leinster .
the accounts commission said there was a risk services could not be maintained without improvements in the way the council was run .
mark piper is jointly charged with murdering levi blu .
three first - half goals in the space of 10 minutes sentenced the o 's to a fourth successive defeat as crawley tasted victory for the first time in seven matches .
it was one of several measures european and african leaders agreed to reduce the flow of people into europe .
dylan mackin 's clinical finish was added to by scott pitman 's strike just before half - time as livi took control .
a crew from deeside was sent to the play park in sealand just before 13:00 gmt .
police were called to the unusual double parking incident at 11:40 on tuesday .
the ministers gave their opinion in a statement released at the end of a two - day meeting of g20 nations in china .
boyle struck the only goal in the 18th minute after lobbing over graham doyle following a moment of hesitancy in the wexford defence .
the breach happened 10 days ago when the council 's website service provider , which is based in england , was targeted by hackers .
kieren moss crossed twice to give the hosts an early lead at craven park before ben heaton scored the first of his four tries for the visitors .
spanish prime minister mariano rajoy called it a ` ` jihadist attack '' .
it was the famous fairfield yard which took the upper clyde to great heights and worldwide prominence .
brahamdagh bugti told bbc urdu his party could drop calls for independence if ` ` the baloch people agree '' .
these dinoasurs , including the diplodocus , were the biggest to walk the earth .
hebridean sea salt will have its product stocked in sainbury 's 360 uk stores .
the scot had already forged a successful karate career , spending six years on the international stage , and then came close to a 2006 winter olympic berth in bobsleigh , before winning rowing gold at the london 2012 paralympics .
they had no phone signal so were only able to contact the emergency services by using facebook .
barry joy , 56 and daniel timbers , 28 , died in a ` ` fierce fire '' following an explosion at digger bucket maker harford attachments in norwich in 2015 .
the gang were responsible for more than 35 thefts across lincolnshire , leicestershire , nottingham and yorkshire over 11 months in 2013 .
the cherries went down 2 - 1 at sunderland on saturday , becoming the first team to lose to the black cats in the premier league this season .
the suppliers , one making seats and the other parts used in gearboxes , have stopped delivering to vw in a contract row .
gillian triggs told a senate committee that she had been asked to resign and offered a new role .
ormsby had already agreed to join giants for the 2017 season , having made two appearances during a one - month loan spell with the club in april .
the portraits immortalised the founder of china 's communist party as a pop art commodity in the vein of warhol 's marilyn monroe and campbell soup .
shyam acharya is accused of stealing a doctor 's name and qualifications in india before moving to australia .
tommy roome , of rams grove , romford , has been accused of murdering mr hayden , 27 , who was stabbed outside his home in chadwell heath on 13 september .
premiership
matthew daley , 35 , denies murder but has admitted attacking 79-year - old retired solicitor donald lock claiming diminished responsibility .
thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the great pyramid .
pritchard , a former england under-21 international , has agreed a four - year deal at carrow road .
media playback is not supported on this device
the belgian , on loan from manchester united , picked up the injury during sunderland 's 3 - 2 defeat by crystal palace on saturday .
carbon is the key ingredient for all life on our planet .
after a dour first period , james constable 's driven effort gave the out - of - form away side a surprise lead .
one of the few women to receive a mention is marie curie , a physicist and chemist who basically discovered radiation and helped apply it in the field of x - rays .
private rents ` ` eat up '' more than 50 % of a family 's monthly earnings in 23 out of the capital 's 33 boroughs .
mr yarrington , who served as governor from 1999 to 2005 , had been on the run for almost five years .
scotland 's animal welfare charity was alerted after the bird was discovered at kingholm quay on monday .
the meeting , at mr putin 's summer residence in sochi , comes at a low point in bilateral relations over the war in syria and russia 's annexation of crimea .
the dons boss insisted he would not speak about ` ` speculation '' linking him with the job with his side 's scottish premiership rivals .
richards has not played since the 2 - 0 defeat by derby county on 27 september , but will return to training before the boxing day trip to brentford .
sarries beat clermont auvergne 28 - 17 at murrayfield on saturday to remain on course for an historic ` double - double ' of continental and english crowns .
real politics will inevitably mean concession and compromise after a campaign in which both sides seemed at times to suggest it was a choice between utopia and armageddon .
the # 15,000 prize was presented to london - born orr by woman 's hour 's dame jenni murray at a ceremony in london .
quinn , 30 , is available for sunday 's scottish league cup semi - final against celtic .
the swedish giant asked customers who bought any model of the mysingso chair to return it for a full refund .
researchers followed nearly 240,000 swedish men for 35 years .
several first - team regulars , including captain david gray , are out of contract this summer .
on 14 april 1945 , just a month before the end of world war two , 10 us servicemen and one woman died after their flying fortress bomber crashed in the isle of man .
science central , built on the site of the former scottish and newcastle brewery , has been hailed as one of the uk 's biggest regeneration projects .
the three - month tests of 137 island homes , 73 in guernsey and 64 in jersey , measured the level of gas in the walls .
the first incident saw a 71-year - old woman from sandyhills tricked by someone claiming to work for bt .
several fire appliances were called to the scene at carnsalloch house to tackle the blaze .
president omar al - bashir 's government likes to keep a tight rein over sudan 's media and cultural institutions , with state - endorsed competitions and publications trying to replace a once - thriving poetry scene .
mr katter is an independent country politician from north queensland .
mark bellamy , president of the intensive care society , told the bbc the problem of resistance would get worse unless new and effective antibiotics were developed .
9 february 2017 last updated at 15:00 gmt
the cambridge university library has housed the codex zacynthius since 1984 .
the 36-year - old man , arrested over penelope davis 's killing , can be held until about 19:30 bst .
however , it says it will still co - operate with its larger neighbour .
he held off a late charge by red bull 's daniel ricciardo in a nail - biting climax and leads his team - mate by eight points after hamilton took third .
there are pubs where they play music and then there are pubs where music takes a more prominent role .
ministry of defence figures show there are currently 81,700 full - time servicemen and women in the army , down from 102,260 in 2010 .
three girls , aged 10 , eight and five , and two five - year - old boys were taken to hospital following the collision on wentedge road , near kirk smeaton .
derek mackay was accused of ` ` showing contempt for parliament '' during a fiery debate on the budget timetable .
santner , 24 , broke his finger in only his second game for the county in 2016 .
media playback is not supported on this device
josh earnest said the closure of the cuban detention camp was a national security interest .
the x-47b jet is being designed by weapons manufacturer northrop grumman for the us navy .
ll camps in bushey , hertfordshire , was closed by ofsted last week and director ben lewis has been charged with possessing indecent images of children .
two - year - old hank was removed by dog wardens last month and taken for testing .
samuel armstrong , 23 , of copt hill , danbury , essex , is charged with two counts of rape and one of sexual assault .
an iod report , ultrafast britain , says the uk is lagging behind many european nations when installing fibre optic cables that enable the fastest broadband connections .
about 300 have already died at farewell spit , on the south island , in one of the worst such cases in the country .
according to reports , south korea sports minister do jong - hwan said north korea could host some skiing events .
the swiss bank is suspected of ` ` complicity in illegal sales practices '' , an official at the paris prosecutor 's office told the bbc .
the event , held at the world museum in liverpool , was streamed to thousands of schools where pupils simultaneously conducted simple experiments .
saturday 's incident involved an mv-22 osprey belonging to the us marines based in okinawa , japan .
second - placed brechin city and alloa athletic , who are third , also won against peterhead and stenhousemuir respectively .
the works on gdynia way near plymouth 's city centre have been in place since june to widen the road to three lanes .
police scotland were called to investigate at the end of june when annan athletic failed to receive an end of season payment from the league .
the 26-year - old samoan , who started his career with manly sea eagles , made six appearances for the nrl champions last season .
the environment department says what should be a carpet of blue at this time of year is now fringed with white .
the us - owned retail firm , which processes hundreds of thousands of online orders each week , could have put millions of transactions at risk , security expert paul moore estimates .
the friesians were found in dolwen , near old colwyn , on friday after eating poisonous tree clippings dumped in a farmer 's field .
the crucible 's production of show boat and its new musical flowers for mrs harris are both up for best musical .
its mother was among the first group of 20 relocated to mid wales from scotland in 2015 .
officers were called to derby road , enfield at 15:30 gmt on saturday after reports of a gun being seen in a car .
cosmetic lenses are available to buy on the internet , in novelty stores or at market stalls , close to hallowe'en .
kelly pearce , 36 , was found with fatal throat wounds in a flat belonging to witness joseph withers on canvey island , essex , on 19 november .
the # 1.2 m facility serving llandaff north and gabalfa has been created on the site of the area 's old library and day centre .
a senior chinese foreign ministry official is quoted as saying that the zambian authorities have failed to provide strong evidence .
the oil firm said revenues in the year fell 27 % to # 1.6 bn as the price of oil continued to fall in 2015 .
pop recs ltd hosted in - store gigs by acts from franz ferdinand to james bay .
last year serious floods hit north and mid wales , and one woman died .
the lib dem site was called ` ` may & co '' - the same name as a chelsea estate agent established in 1920 .
head coach warren gatland is leading the british and irish lions in new zealand and has named interim coach rob howley as part of his backroom team .
they warn that such internships without a salary , used as stepping stones into jobs , are a financial block to those who can not afford to work unpaid .
the german investment firm , jab holding will pay a 78 % premium to friday 's closing price to buy the company .
however , mr tillerson said the proposals provided a basis for dialogue leading to a solution of the crisis .
health secretary shona robison announced the funding as she addressed a gps ' conference in clydebank .
williams , 42 , was forced to qualify after he was defeated by mark selby on sunday in the final of the china open .
they say the arrests happened when protesters refused to leave land owned by the pipeline company .
media playback is not supported on this device
but when she walks down through the jagged stairs of the petare slum in caracas , she meticulously scans the different supermarkets and pharmacies where she may be able to buy one of the price - controlled products that are so scarce in venezuela these days .
the social democratic and labour party -lrb- sdlp -rrb- leader colum eastwood , who visited brussels this week , is in no doubt .
seven people have denied conspiracy to defraud at cardiff crown court after six insurance claims worth # 144,000 were made between 2009 and 2011 .
bill lord sets aside Â # 3,500 from his annual budget to pay for the extra holiday for everyone at long sutton primary school in spalding .
a canadian lancaster , currently on a uk tour , performed an engine shutdown during a flight in county durham .
gilmartin , 30 , has signed an undisclosed - length deal after leaving the hornets , where he failed to play a first - team game in three years .
overall , increased by 0.1 % to 43.1 % , after decades of decline .
kelly , 25 , returned late from a trip home to australia and was dropped for saturday 's qualifiers loss to leigh .
the move comes a day after a federal appeals court in san francisco lifted a ban that had been in place since 2008 .
the ex - middlesbrough assistant , who held the same post at hartlepool under colin cooper from 2013 to 2014 , succeeded ronnie moore on wednesday .
the russian foreign ministry acted against waclaw radziwinowicz because poland expelled a russian journalist .
the australian defeated 11-time world champion kelly slater , but fell out of the semi - finals to brazilian adriano de souza , who claimed his first wsl crown .
from april 2017 , 600,000 small firms will not have to pay business rates , while 250,000 will pay lower rates .
the girl 's account was given to police and the video recording of the interview was shown at the player 's trial at bradford crown court .
racism in football has hit the headlines at premiership level recently , but a bbc wales investigation indicates it 's also a feature of the amateur and grassroots game in wales .
carwyn jones told the guardian newspaper that people 's ` ` sense of disengagement with brussels '' could attach itself to london after brexit .
a few weeks ago we reported very real concerns about the choreography in the aftermath of the summit from eurosceptic cabinet ministers , worried that the pm would be setting the pace and terms of the debate in its vital early hours .
uefa 's executive will not allow their congress to discuss jersey 's bid as the island is not recognised by the united nations as an independent nation .
florida senator marco rubio said the rap star was unwise to pretend to shoot a clown dressed as the us president in the video .
the pedestrian was hit at the texaco garage on roman farm road , hengrove , on tuesday evening and trapped by the car until it stopped on creswicke road .
the ibrox club had two bids rejected by the canaries for the 30-year - old scot , who becomes pedro caixinha 's ninth summer signing .
the huts , and the luxury items inside , belong to dairo antonio usuga david , better known as otoniel , one of the most wanted men in colombia .
it 's been almost a year since the 26-year - old released her last single .
it is seen as a response to the growing threat from russian submarines which have stepped up their own patrols in these very same waters .
in his first spell he won the 2013 africa cup of nations but the deal was not renewed after the 2014 world cup .
welsh 's the blade artist , featuring the return of trainspotting character begbie , has been shortlisted for the fiction book of the year award .
the un bestowed the honorary title to the famed heroine , also known as princess diana of thermyscira , on her 75th birthday on friday , marking the launch of a year - long social media campaign to promote women 's empowerment and gender equality .
a winding - up petition was dismissed by the high court on monday .
the 37-year - old made 64 appearances for his country , including three at the 2006 world cup , and is poland 's most - capped goalkeeper .
the man had originally been charged with causing grievous bodily harm to paul colin morrison , 51 , from burton leonard , harrogate , on 1 november .
drew nelson said members have organised protests that will be controlled by the orange order and will be peaceful .
there are 56 cases involving 97 deaths .
he said he had been inspired by pope francis 's call for peace and dialogue .
the former rangers captain will join killie on a three - year deal to team up with boss gary locke at rugby park .
barbara and colin sellins , from southborough in kent , do not have any immediate family and wanted to make sure their funerals were paid for .
amber rudd told the bbc the manifesto was ` ` not going to be identical to the last one '' and said things had changed since 2015 because of brexit .
kallum watkins gave the bottom - of - the - table rhinos an early lead but willie isa 's first two wigan tries put them 12 - 4 ahead at the break .
the new network will see up to 21 us - style local tv stations in areas including belfast , edinburgh , cardiff and london .
jacob mcintyre 's body was recovered from the river ericht at cally bridge , near blairgowrie , at about 12:35 on sunday .
overall , the poorest pupils do worse in science and maths subjects in areas with selective schools , suggests research for the royal society , the uk 's independent scientific academy .
jeremiah regis , aged two - and - a - half , was found injured at an address in wolverhampton on november 20 .
delivering his judgement , a judge said it was for the stormont assembly , and not a judge , to decide social policy .
kvitova followed up wins over world number one angelique kerber and britain 's johanna konta with a 6 - 1 6 - 2 demolition of romania 's halep .
musicians are nominated for a grammy award by music companies , and the winners are chosen by the national academy of recording arts and sciences .
the 23-year - old younger brother of sunderland 's wes brown , had been on trial with the shakers .
16 january 2017 last updated at 13:09 gmt
as we drove through the first small villages on the way to the capital port - au - prince , we could see the damage the hurricane was still inflicting .
zuniga can play in either full - back position and has 62 caps for his country .
the ban , effective thursday , applies to officials with access to classified information , as well as ministers , mayors and country magistrates .
the new zealand fighter failed to impress against the romanian who took the bout at two weeks ' notice , winning a 119 - 108   117 - 110 117 - 110 decision .
the 35-year - old wing has signed for the mitsubishi dynaboars in division two of the japanese league on a one - year deal .
the 50 planes around the world were grounded due to battery malfunctions that saw one 787 catch fire in the us .
the tinkoff rider finished the 4 km time trial ascent of mont chery in the french alps in 11 minutes , 36 seconds .
two - year - old mandarin princess , trained by charlie mcbride , was declared winner of thursday 's 13:40 race at great yarmouth after beating fyre cay .
the song united we stand brings together ladysmith black mambazo from south africa and malian singer salif keita .
administrator frp advisory said a ` ` sustained deterioration '' since the eu vote had exacerbated rivington biscuits in wigan 's financial difficulties .
luis barcenas will be asked about documents published in el pais newspaper that allegedly show payments to leading pp members , including prime minister mariano rajoy .
leeds had the better of the first half , but the brewers came closest to opening the scoring when ben turner headed matt palmer 's free - kick against the bar .
the venture 's backers include tesla motors and spacex ceo elon musk , paypal co - founder peter thiel , indian tech giant infosys and amazon web services .
meanwhile , use of the drug spice remains a ` ` blight '' within hmp erlestoke leading to ` ` frequent life - threatening emergencies '' .
sixteen men and eight women competed in the world gravy wrestling championships at the rose ' n ' bowl pub in stacksteads , lancashire .
he is known for frank - some would argue brutal - descriptions of sexuality and alienation .
media playback is not supported on this device
the message from david cameron was clear - there needs to be ` ` a big cultural change '' towards sport in schools with a return to the ` ` competitive ethos '' in school sports .
the us national highway traffic safety administration closed its investigation after it found no evidence of a defect in the vehicle .
media playback is not supported on this device
the red kite was discovered by a member of the public at daintry wood near toddington .
the 10 men and three women , aged from 22 to 54 , are from lincolnshire and west yorkshire and are due to appear in court next month .
the outgoing vice - president spoke during a state dinner and took the opportunity to praise america 's northern neighbour .
you never said that , but all your friends on facebook think you did because a profile claiming to be you has said it .
healthcare workers are visibly struggling , the response to the outbreak has been damned as ` ` lethally inadequate '' and the situation is showing signs of getting considerably worse .
that is the eye - catching accusation in the guardian , following a report in a trade publication , the bookseller .
eugenijus tulauskas , from lithuania , was up to four times over the maritime limit when arrested in september last year .
shana grice ended her relationship with ` ` obsessed '' michael lane who stalked her when she started up a new relationship , lewes crown court has heard .
putnam county sheriff deputies believe the toddlers probably teamed up to work the pedals and steer the wheel before crashing it in a ditch .
the celebrated us fashion designer was found dead in her new york flat on monday , in an apparent suicide .
defender elphick , 28 , first sustained the injury during the 4 - 3 win against west ham in august .
neil aspin 's promotion - chasing hosts have not lost in nine national league matches while adam lockwood 's side are unbeaten in five .
according to three separate analyses , a flood of automated comments to the federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- was detected over the weekend .
titan arum produced a bud several weeks ago , which has recently been growing at several centimetres a day .
french firm edf , which is financing most of the # 18bn hinkley point project in somerset , approved the funding at a board meeting .
currently britain does not have a national bird , but ornithologist david lindo believes that should change .
posh took a sixth - minute lead when ryan sweeney failed to clear a cross from gwion edwards and marriott pounced to fire home from close range .
she had been contemplating the 50 hours she 'd just spent crushed inside a tiny cupboard , hidden beneath a pile of clothes , with nothing but a bottle of body lotion to try to quench a raging thirst .
they arrested 57 people in barcelona , valencia , san sebastian and las palmas in the canary islands .
former carrick boss haveron was appointed glens supremo this week and could not have asked for a more high - profile first match in charge .
that bargain could have backfired in a way that was neither good for his golf nor his social standing .
media playback is not supported on this device
governor jerry brown said the fires , which have left one person dead , destroyed and threatened buildings in the napa and lake counties .
next was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate - booster .
fifty lodges from around ireland , along with visiting orangemen and women , attended the event .
nathan smith 's overhead kick hit the bar and bounced in off luckless keeper dean snedker 's back to give the gulls an early lead before nathan blissett 's towering header doubled the advantage .
linton bridge , over the river wharfe in west yorkshire , was damaged in the christmas floods .
the grey seal was found at cruden bay on tuesday .
cardiff and vale university health board confirmed it had shut the mental health wards to prevent further spread of the virus .
three years ago , swedish software consultancy crisp decided that the answer was no .
firefighters dealt with blazes on friday overnight at garage forecourts in salisbury and durrington as well as in residential areas of amesbury .
one of the first out of the blocks is a touring production of all my sons by black - led theatre company talawa .
la albiceleste are fifth in the 10-team south american qualifying group , with only the top four assured of qualifying for the tournament in russia .
the championship side are willing to allow the scotland international to leave on a free transfer , but they are also willing to consider a loan move .
the fbi has ordered the tech giant to assist it with unlocking an iphone used by san bernadino gunman syed farook .
a judge at the high court in london ruled in favour of environmental lawyers clientearth .
the company said it was looking at the possibility of adding services between sandown and southsea .
the latest picture was taken by the rover at ` ` buckskin '' , which is the seventh rock target on its mission .
the northern irishman 's win in the tour championship , which also saw him land the $ 10 m -lrb- # 7.7 m -rrb- fedex cup prize , was his second victory in three weeks .
paramedics were called to attend a sudden death at joe 's bar in dungiven at 06:00 bst on 6 october 2014 , limavady magistrates court was told .
the bird and wildlife charity was due to unveil its new sites at snape and hollesley later .
the coventry festival of motoring , which attracted 40,000 visitors in 2014 , has had ? ?
thames water said it was called out 101 times on christmas day 2010 to deal with blockages .
wells , 23 , impressed in the t20 blast last season , scoring 373 runs at 28.69 - with a strike rate of 138.66 .
more to follow
media playback is not supported on this device
mr cairns said it would be ` ` completely wrong '' to remain in the eu 's single market as both major uk parties told voters they wanted to leave .
this time , charlotte in north carolina is a focal point of unrest , after a black man was killed by officers this week .
the japanese firm expects net profit in the year to march of 1.7 trillion yen -lrb- $ 15.1 bn ; Â # 12.1 bn -rrb- , compared with a previous forecast of 1.55 trillion yen .
a firmer dollar in the aftermath of the first clinton - trump presidential debate helped send gold prices lower .
tandridge district council leader martin fisher gave planners a shortlist of five areas for such a scheme .
the military reaction force was the subject of a bbc panorama programme last november .
but his killing in an air strike is a grievous strategic error - militarily insignificant but diplomatically disastrous .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 3 january and 10 february .
seven firms , including major supermarkets such as ntuc fairprice and ikea , have been asked declare they are not doing so within a week .
michael coe , 35 , saw the two 16-year - olds hugging in the street in newham , east london , in april and demanded to know if they were muslims .
joseph fox photographed the mudlarkers who comb the shore of london 's river thames .
20 november 2015 last updated at 14:22 gmt
seven members have not yet turned up , allegedly because of transport issues .
the petition.parliament.uk site is designed to help people get issues on the political agenda and open up a ` ` new dialogue '' with mps and ministers .
sakho , who is currently on loan at crystal palace , tested positive for the fat burner higenamine in march 2017 and served a provisional 30-day suspension .
university college london researchers found just 51 % of the 6,500 children they monitored achieved the recommended hour of physical activity each day .
if you leave your mobile phone somewhere do you worry you will not be able to check it ?
steve , who presents deadly 60 on cbbc , says ` ` it 's pretty crazy that the word ` bullying ' was bandied around . ''
he was charged after catching west ham 's winston reid with his left arm as they waited for a free - kick in saturday 's 0 - 0 draw at old trafford .
the owners said their planned # 80 m development at the site in bewdley , worcestershire , would create between 300 and 500 jobs .
luke durbin , 19 , of hollesley , suffolk , failed to return home after a night out in ipswich on 12 may 2006 .
matching models in london describes itself as ` ` an international temp agency for beautiful and talented people '' .
while 7 % of people underpay and could be fined , 13 % are paying too much .
the woman , 37-year - old wu shuoyan , is alleged to have been killed last may simply for refusing to hand over her phone number to cult members .
andreas von knorre and elton hinz pleaded guilty to entering a train depot and spraying graffiti on a train .
his signing follows the news that the stags could be without injured striker alex fisher for four weeks .
knight frank found transaction volumes in the granite city fell from over # 600 m in 2014 to only # 55 m last year .
it comes in a shake - up of uk military buildings and resettling of regiments .
there have been incidents reported at scenic spots where public conveniences are lacking or have been closed down .
he argued that only another ` ` stable and strong '' coalition involving his party could save the country from a re - run .
media playback is not supported on this device
the public services union said yvette cooper was its second choice .
they are young and clever , and they want to change the world - one bus at a time .
there has been continued sniping from ministers about the level of reserves held by higher education institutions .
hibs controlled much of the opening half , but fell behind to michael gardyne 's goal after he broke free of mark oxley and liam fontaine .
the wing of an american airlines plane clipped the tail of a southwest airlines plane , while both were on the taxiway .
the bbc will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of coverage , including 550 hours of television on bbc one and bbc four .
an older generation of practitioners had traditionally relied on a long - established formula , performing illusions that were often mysterious but lacking in spontaneity and humour .
he defied the odds at every stage of his career , conjuring impossible victories at the ballot box and outmanoeuvring his political opponents with a trademark blend of mischief and guile .
media playback is not supported on this device
samuel ward scored a goal either side of half - time to set up the victory , before henry weir made sure of the result in the final quarter .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , is charged with 30 counts related to the bombings , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 in april 2013 .
defence ministry spokesman lt gen sergei rudskoi said the syrian army was poised to defeat is militants there .
the party won 33 seats on thanet district council , kent , in may , making it the first authority in the uk to have a ukip majority .
tettey , who scored a ` ` toe - poke '' against manchester united last month , side - footed home to give norwich a 1 - 0 win .
bianca nikol roberson , a recent school graduate , was driving near west goshen when her car veered off the road .
the one - year - old was handed in to the dogs trust near darlington in december after being found wandering the streets as a stray .
the street & arrow food truck , in glasgow 's partick , is to take on additional trainees by march 2017 .
the 24-year - old , played stormtrooper finn in star wars : the force awakens , and was a member of theatre peckham 's company from age nine to 14 .
the 400-member santee sioux tribe already runs a casino , hotel and ranch and hopes the resort will be a new revenue generator .
all 108 mlas met to sign the roll of membership , with 29 newly - elected members doing so for the first time .
` ` i genuinely believe that being on death row for 22 years ultimately saved my life .
bristol sport ltd , which owns the football club , wants to replace two stands to increase capacity .
mr farage had previously said he would stand down after failing to win a seat in last week 's general election .
london 2012 olympian andrew lawrence scored 14 points while nba player ben gordon added 13 .
england 's win over south africa on sunday secured the twenty20 series .
the 25-year - old canadian lost to 17-time grand slam champion federer in three sets in last year 's final .
the yougov poll for the times suggests that in the final round of voting , mr corbyn would get 53 % of support , six points ahead of andy burnham .
richard broughton , 37 , died on sunday after he was knocked down by a car in elsecar at around 19:00 gmt on friday .
wolverhampton city council said in 2014 the authority faced the prospect of ` ` becoming insolvent '' , unless it made ` ` very deep and very fast cuts '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
clive weatherhogg 's counsel told appeal judges that prosecutors now conceded there had been a miscarriage of justice over the coercion charge .
borth animalarium said 32 dragons , which were cold and not moving , were left in a cardboard box on the counter by a friend of a disabled man who could no longer take care of them .
24 july 2017 last updated at 08:25 bst
the woman , who has not been named , was operating a paramotor - a motorised paraglider - when she had a ` ` very close encounter '' with an airbus a400 m near andover , hampshire , in july , the uk airprox board -lrb- ukab -rrb- said .
a masked man holding a gun approached him at about 10:35 bst in a car park in glenarm on sunday and demanded the man 's car keys .
the a344 next to the monument was shut in june to ` ` restore the dignity '' of the stone circle as part of a Â # 27 m project .
the election will take place at the sdlp 's annual conference in november .
research suggests women will not earn as much as their male counterparts until 2069 , nearly 100 years after the equal pay act was introduced in 1970 .
the scores were level at the break with theo fages and matty smith crossing for the visitors and alex mellor and patrick ah van going over for widnes .
prime minister narendra modi scrapped 1,000 -lrb- Â # 11.8 -rrb- and 500 notes in a surprise move last week as part of a tax evasion and corruption crackdown .
two armed men wearing masks broke into the 44-year - old victim 's house in meadowbank terrace at about 00:50 .
it follows the first formal talks since carwyn jones and leanne wood were tied 29 - 29 in a senedd vote on wednesday .
the animals , which include a leopard , two lynx and two ring - tailed lemurs , were found at borth animalarium , near aberystwyth .
hull city 's chester , dummett of newcastle united and celtic 's matthews missed march 's 3 - 0 win in israel because of injuries .
as part of our fight against this , we have a very much underutilised tool - food .
ann clwyd criticised cardiff and vale university health board , claiming owen roberts died ` ` like a battery hen '' .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the singer told the sun he had performed 10 concerts in ` ` agony '' on his european tour before he called in doctors .
the 29-year - old world number 21 took the first game 12 - 10 after an impressive trick - shot between his legs with the scores tied at 10 - 10 .
the evacuation of the jet2 plane at east midlands airport was hampered when one of the escape chutes did not work .
winners of the cup competition earn a place in the europa league .
the man known as kazu , or ` king kazu ' by some fans , will stay with the second division side past his 49th birthday .
speaking to the bbc , thomas thabane said he would return from south africa , which surrounds lesotho , ` ` as soon as i know i am not going to get killed '' .
menzies said rectifying ` ` operational issues '' at the airport would cost an extra Â # 6 m in the second half of 2015 .
the higher education sector largely supported remaining in the uk and since the vote , has voiced concerns about the financial implications of leaving .
diamond , 47 , says some internationals could join sale at the aj bell stadium in time for next season .
bernard hender , 19 , and doug mctavish , 39 , died in the blaze above a funeral director 's office in llanrwst , conwy county , in october 2014 .
the stowaway was identified by chinese media as a 16-year - old boy from sichuan named xu .
the two - time masters champion , 38 , carded a six - under - par 66 , which included an eagle and five birdies , before play was suspended .
lawnmowers , a scarifier and a turfer were taken from the lockerbie site some time between 09:00 on thursday and the same time on friday .
hend , 43 , carded a one - over - par 73 to finish on nine under after the third round at wentworth .
media playback is not supported on this device
in 2013 a working group , set up by the scottish government , recommended eligible couples should be offered up to three treatments .
as hillary clinton and bernie sanders clashed in their first one - on - one debate it was the senator from vermont who started to trend worldwide .
but if ordinary greeks retain faith in democracy - their vote is all they have left , in the considered words of one struggling cafe - owner i met in thessaloniki - they are rapidly losing trust in europe .
the south american country will be the first in the world to legally sell the drug over the counter for recreational use .
the labour authority voted in favour of changing 2,700 contracts from 52 weeks to term time - only .
education secretary john swinney launched the ` ` intense '' three month consultation last september .
18 may 2016 last updated at 16:15 bst
the gravitational pull of the eight - week festival draws some of classical music 's brightest stars into its orbit .
in a letter to mark zuckerberg , the group accused the social network of ` ` disproportionate censorship of facebook users of colour '' .
this is the full statement to the inquests from his niece , ms natalie tennant , on behalf of his brother , peter copoc :
the nikkei 225 closed down 0.4 % at 18,916.02 , although the index had been as much as 1.6 % in earlier trade .
the banking standards commission wants the government to ` ` electrify '' the fence so banks wo n't try to ` ` game '' the rules .
officers on patrol in the drylaw area observed a green light coming from marine drive just before midnight .
the german - based team , which won le mans 13 times between 2000 and 2014 , finished third in 2015 and 2016 , with both races won by porsche .
as adept at crafting concert films and documentaries as he was with thrillers , comedies and emotional family dramas , his list of credits shows him to be versatile as well as prolific .
the package will offer concessional loans at interest rates pegged at 3.2 % .
media playback is unsupported on your device
it happened at about 00:30 on sunday and both men were taken to hospital for treatment .
el mundo said it had original ledger entries handwritten by the former treasurer of the governing popular party -lrb- pp -rrb- , luis barcenas .
irek ilgiz hamidullin - believed to be about 55 - faces 12 charges including the attempted murder of a us citizen .
federico fazio lashed them into the lead with dzeko setting up mohamed salah 's lobbed second .
on friday 's show , journalist camilla long made claims about how often mr farage had visited thanet south , where he is standing for election .
the transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- trial follows the success of its ` ` baby on board '' badge for pregnant women .
the winning image , by hadi asadi from iran , shows the us president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning yellow hair .
the train was suspended last week after two incidents in which passenger doors opened mid - journey .
its parliament approved the sending of a formal invitation , which he has to accept before ascending to the throne .
but what 's brewing in this new crop of commercial meaderies - as they are known - is lot more refined from the drink that once decorated tables across medieval europe .
the jobless rate in the 17 countries that use the euro rose to 10.7 % in january , while december 's figure was revised up from 10.4 % to 10.6 % .
elizabeth timar , 18 , was last seen near blackpool sands at 19:45 bst on monday .
19 april 2017 last updated at 17:21 bst
a 20-year - old man was with a male friend in old rutherglen road when another man attacked him with a weapon at about 13:05 on 22 september .
the government has confirmed that the communications infrastructure which links smart meters to energy suppliers will now not be ready until the autumn .
10 october 2015 last updated at 17:42 bst
a couple of superb blocks by home captain emma mcmaster helped northern ireland hold out before lucia garcia put spain ahead on 30 minutes .
the hydrus group , an oil and gas service company , has started work on a specialist manufacturing base at the brechin business park .
public health wales -lrb- phw -rrb- said 21 of the 35 residents at the unidentified home had been ill since 10 april .
the flag was raised beside stormont house on friday morning to mark belfast 's pride festival on saturday .
malorie bantala , 21 , was 32-weeks pregnant when she was assaulted by two people in peckham on 15 june .
media playback is unsupported on your device
according to radio - canada , officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show cavalia were staying on 14 july .
he was driven to pretoria 's kgosi mampuru prison where he is expected to be housed in the hospital wing .
laura turner sent a series of lewd messages to one of her co - workers while on duty , the health and care professionals council tribunal heard .
processed meat has been modified to either extend its shelf life or change the taste and the main methods are smoking , curing , or adding salt or preservatives .
the first 18 of 59 fibreglass moths , each about 5 ft -lrb- 1.5 m -rrb- wide , have been placed across the city to mark the 75th anniversary of her death .
youngsters are returning to school this week in scotland , with parents in other areas of the uk preparing children for the next academic year .
the boy , 17 , shocked passengers on board the copa airlines flight from panama city as he flung the door open before leaping out on tuesday .
the flying scotsman took to the north yorkshire moors railway -lrb- nymr -rrb- heritage line after a decade - long , # 4.2 m refit .
he says that he 's found the engines from the apollo 11 space rocket - the craft that carried the first men to the moon in 1969 .
his brother glyn confirmed the death on twitter , saying his ` ` big brother and hero '' had died in new york city .
we got a foretaste a couple of weeks ago when europe minister david lidington delivered a commons statement on the government 's demands for a renegotiation of britain 's eu membership .
robert mcnab was sentenced to almost three years in jail for downloading indecent images of children , sharing them and sending offensive messages .
the normal body tissues show up as green , while the cancer comes out as intense red spots .
27 august 2016 last updated at 12:34 bst
clapham said his position had become ` ` untenable '' following criticism in the media and on social media .
responsible travel , based in brighton , specialises in wildlife holidays and says keeping animals in zoos is inhumane .
miriam briddon died after the collision involving her fiat punto and a volkswagen golf driven by gareth entwhistle near ciliau aeron .
media playback is unsupported on your device
here are some milestones in the parallel lives of two of the world 's most recognisable figures .
cornwall ran into a 20 - 5 lead after 30 minutes thanks to two tries from billy searle either side of a neilson webber score , as matt noble replied .
alves , 33 , joined from sevilla and won three champions leagues , six la liga titles and four copa del rey trophies .
the find , which spans adjacent blocks operated separately by the two companies , has been flow - tested at a maximum rate of 5,350 barrels per day .
the easter road side have lost their last four league games and seen falkirk open a six - point gap in second place .
in mid dorset and north poole , conservative michael tomlinson beat vikki slade - a seat which had been held by lib dem annette brooke .
it is a tale of billions of pounds for schools , hospitals and transport projects .
collymore , 46 , expressed an interest in the role at a meeting with forest owner fawaz al hasawi on tuesday .
st elijah 's stood on a hill near the northern city of mosul for 1,400 years .
grimsby pressed to break the deadlock when pat hoban struck from range and andy monkhouse headed wide .
the stand - in captain faced 535 balls across two innings , moving from 174 not out overnight to end 219 not out in surrey 's first - innings score of 483 .
the us navy said on 8 april that the carl vinson strike group was travelling to the korean peninsula amid tensions over pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions .
the centre - back , 30 , left the pitch just before the end of wednesday 's 2 - 1 efl cup victory over swansea .
the coronation fountain , a landmark in welwyn garden city , had to be turned off due to the hosepipe ban .
the result was further embarrassment for michael o'neill 's side after their 3 - 2 defeat by luxembourg last month .
switzerland has been investigating malaysia 's scandal - hit 1mdb fund since last year .
the oil painting was commissioned by royal northern sinfonia , which wants to challenge the austrian 's ` ` chocolate box '' portrayal , ahead its new season .
the items have been highlighted during recent sonar scanning of the waterway in an effort to locate the remains of 11-year - old moira anderson .
media playback is not supported on this device
the new world was found beyond our solar system , 100 light - years away .
at least 44 more have been injured in the crush , which was reportedly triggered by a road accident .
mr de mistura said the agenda would include the formation of a transitional administration and elections .
norman rimmington , also known as ` ` rimmo '' , signed with barnsley in 1945 , earning # 3 a week as a goalkeeper .
research by the local data company -lrb- ldc -rrb- and the university of stirling found the average retail vacancy rate dropped from 14.5 % to 13.7 % .
john morley , 29 , of deanstown , finglas west , is alleged to have carried out a sustained weekend attack at the chimney corner hotel in mallusk .
lib dem lord oates accused labour of being prepared to ` ` concede everything '' , and the opposition 's leader in the lords , baroness smith , responded that his party was giving people ` ` false hope '' .
acting taoiseach enda kenny of fine gael and micheál martin of fianna fáil hope to avoid a second election .
scientists found that even the lowest expected levels of warming could decimate populations .
mr kim was speaking after twin tests on wednesday of the hwasong-10 missile , known internationally as the musudan .
hamdi alqudsi , 42 , was found guilty of violating australia 's foreign incursion laws for making travel arrangements for a group of would - be jihadists in 2013 .
about 568,000 people have backed a petition calling on the tycoon to be barred for comments he made about banning muslims from the us .
the 12-year old was snatched by the crocodile while swimming with friends in a water hole in kakadu national park , in the northern territory .
prisoner distress , self - harm and suicide attempts are too often seen as signs of manipulation , rather than vulnerability , research by the centre for mental health and the howard league for penal reform found .
nhs tayside had the highest number followed by nhs lanarkshire and nhs greater glasgow and clyde .
fay , 33 , should win a record 185th cap when scotland play slovenia in their opening euro 2017 qualifier on tuesday .
security experts warn that african governments and commercial online services are vulnerable to criminals , who have the potential to disrupt critical infrastructure .
kirsty parkes , who was a history and english teacher at a school in west lothian , can not apply to be re - registered for one year .
gerry mcgowan , michael toner , stephen crumlish and gerard kelly were all teenagers when they were accused of killing lt steven kirby in 1979 .
14 january 2016 last updated at 07:55 gmt
jon schueler , who died in new york in 1992 at the age of 75 , created many of his pieces from a studio in mallaig in the highlands .
together with her business partner joan murphy , each jogged with their toddlers in front of them in pushchairs .
he told mps the uk would never be a world - beating economy unless young people were better educated .
a wallabies win will knock england out of the world cup and send wales , who beat fiji 23 - 13 on thursday , through to the quarter - finals .
the white garden , at kensington palace , was planted to mark 20 years since princess diana died in a car crash .
richard duffy fired vale in front after neil collins headed down a corner for the defender to coolly latch onto .
those banned are believed to include general secretary of the eu council uwe corsepius , and former british deputy prime minister nick clegg .
the richard iii society branded the decision as a ` ` monumental mistake '' which would be ` ` humiliating '' to the king .
the spain international has scored five goals in his last six games to help the swans pull five points clear of the relegation zone .
poysden and mellor , both 25 , have committed to the bears until at least the end of the 2018 season after five championship games each this summer .
megan bannister , 16 , from leicester , was dead before the collision between a car and a motorbike in enderby , leicestershire , on sunday , said police .
there were 5,423 assaults on prison staff in the 12 months to the end of march - a rise of 40 % on last year , the ministry of justice said .
mr gustafsson , 42 , is being flown back to sweden from africa , sweden 's foreign minister margot wallström said in a statement on monday .
the pledges are included in the party 's five - year plan for government .
the project has been partly funded by american football 's professional league , the nfl .
police said he was armed with a stolen gun and they had been tracking him .
georgia says russian troops installed signs marking the ` ` state border '' of the breakaway region of south ossetia further inside georgian territory .
watson , 22 , was seeded eighth in the tournament but lost 7 - 5 6 - 2 to the world number 101 in seoul .
alasdair dudgeon was killed near the kincardine bridge on 6 january 2013 when james sneddon knocked him off his bike in the early hours of the morning .
winstone , who will play the eastenders and carry on actress in her 20s , said : ` ` i. .
celia castedo told bolivian media said she had warned that the plane had barely enough fuel to reach the destination in colombia .
the industry group said sales of the fish leapt more than 50 % by value - to # 186.7 m - and 13 % by volume .
ryan totten , 7 , and ian mckinley found themselves barred from playing rugby in ireland because of eyesight problems .
oil prices suffered a second year of steep losses and are expected to take at least another year to clear as the international surplus continues .
brenda wardle - who denies the charges - is accused of pretending to be a practising attorney and offering to represent a convicted murderer .
police used tear gas on tuesday to end three days of unrest sparked by the death of an iranian asylum seeker .
the love actually star will have a supporting role in the spy film , according to the hollywood reporter .
the dane , cardiff 's top scorer last season , had seen an early effort ruled out for off - side and then found burton keeper stephen bywater in fine form .
police said the elderly man was spotted in the water at leith at about 22:00 on wednesday .
aaron lewis , 26 and from toxteth , was shot three times outside anna jungs in grosvenor road , wavertree at about 19:00 gmt on wednesday .
lukasz robert pawlowski , 33 , stabbed himself before haverfordwest magistrates on 11 january .
the female dog was discovered ` ` dumped like rubbish '' in the overton area of lancaster .
one of their own was coming home to be given the freedom of the burgh after achieving what was something akin to the moon landing of its time .
england , chasing 273 for victory , collapsed from 100 - 0 to 164 all out as bangladesh claimed their first test victory over the visitors .
sandwell councillor mahboob hussain is accused of six alleged council code of conduct breaches , according to solicitors gowling wlg .
a 9 mm self - loading pistol , ammunition , four enfield pistols and a rifle component were found at albert patterson 's house in hereford , the hereford times reported .
the organisation said that councils stood ` ` ready , willing and able to take at least 2,000 refugees '' .
the chancellor will meet finance minister wolfgang schaeuble to set out more details of the uk 's bid to renegotiate its eu membership .
it was the 30-year - old 's first triumph since a stage win on the 2015 vuelta a castilla y leon and his team 's first grand tour stage for two years .
let 's not forget the traditional argument with your other half about whose job it was to buy all the batteries for the children 's new toys - which are currently a source of tension because nobody can turn them on .
crews were called to a building site in bloomery circle , llanwern , at 21:15 bst on wednesday .
27 january 2015 last updated at 14:30 gmt
according to parent company liberty global , virgin media originally said it had connected 465,000 new premises in the uk and ireland in 2016 .
media playback is not supported on this device
22 may 2017 last updated at 07:13 bst
sterling dropped 0.5 % against the dollar to trade at $ 1.2872 , while it also shed a similar amount against the euro to 1.1844 euros .
jamie cox attacked viktoria gribovskaja at her home in lambeth , south london , in july last year .
ben flynn , 24 , enticed the boy to his home in droylsden , greater manchester , with promises to use his playstation and offered to pay his bus fare .
officers fired tyre - deflation rounds at the raiders ' mercedes after they tried to ram a police car to escape .
six are charged with attempted murder , accused of setting fire to newspaper with which the man had covered himself .
coleman senior died in 2014 after his son 's first campaign in charge of wales had ended with the failure to qualify for the world cup in brazil .
after intervention from the chinese ambassador , it is also now the litmus test for anglo - china relations under the new regime at number 10 .
media playback is unsupported on your device
he told the hollywood reporter he was ` ` super excited '' and wanted ` ` to put a different spin on it '' , but did not expand on what role he would play .
competitors aged 14 to 19 are hiking distances of up to 55 miles -lrb- 89 km -rrb- visiting 10 nominated tors over two days .
nama sold its entire northern ireland portfolio to cerberus , a us investment fund , in 2014 .
project director david climie told msps that any bad weather could still make it ` ` challenging '' to hit the target , but said that ` ` everything that can safely be done is being done '' .
a survey of 2,750 11 - to 18-year - olds found one in 10 admitted checking their mobile phones for notifications at least 10 times a night .
since regaining its independence with the collapse of the soviet union in 1991 , estonia has become one of the most economically successful of the european union 's newer eastern european members .
walter palmer from the state of minnesota is believed to have paid about ? ?
mr odinga , who was defeated by incumbent uhuru kenyatta , has accused the electoral authorities of fraud tantamount to ` ` democracy 's slaughter '' .
the restore justice campaign , spearheaded by paul staines who writes the guido fawkes political blog , calls for the death penalty to be brought back for child and police officer murderers .
the 23-year - old from kinross finished second behind kenyan faith kipyegon in four minutes , 19.12 seconds .
his firm , hong kong - based hutchison whampoa , already owns the three mobile network , and combining it with o2 would create the uk 's biggest mobile group .
collins , 66 , who has difficulty walking following back surgery , suffered a severe gash near his eye after falling on the way to the toilet .
the financial services firm said new rules , coming into effect next may , could see fines soar to 20 m euros -lrb- # 17.4 m -rrb- or more .
a leave vote was always seen as more likely to generate significant disturbances in the financial world .
the slovenian club has knocked hibernian , rangers and celtic out of europe in recent seasons .
james alabi netted for the blues early on after taking elliott durrell 's cross with a deft touch before turning and rifling home .
ministers had been criticised for scrapping mytravelpass , which gave 16 - 18 year olds a third off bus travel .
the washington post demanded impeachment , followed by a senate trial .
cole , 22 , has agreed a two - and - a - half year deal at the silverlake stadium , having joined staines from barnet in february 2016 .
there were 69 claims against peacekeepers in 2015 , up from 52 in 2014 was 66 in 2013 .
rooney , 28 , is considering an offer that would make him the highest paid player in united 's history .
a row erupted after council proposals for new contracts for more than 2,000 staff that would result in wage cuts of up to 23 % .
tara hudson , 26 , from bath , was jailed at the all - male hmp bristol for 12 weeks after admitting assault .
hm revenue & customs said the plant , on the outskirts of the city centre , could have cost taxpayers nearly Â # 138 m a year in lost duty and taxes .
the pair stood accused of committing manslaughter and sexual violence against the exchange student .
former staff sgt clinton romesha , 31 , led a battle against hundreds of taliban fighters four years ago .
the ` ` call for sites '' forms part of the second stage of a comprehensive review of the island 's planning strategy .
it means the number of nursing homes and nursing beds has fallen for the first time in five years .
co - operative energy has already paid most of the compensation after customers were affected by a new it system in march last year .
the weir , built as a permanent wooden structure to catch fish as the tide ebbed , was found by chance on the shore of southampton water in 2005 .
staff in jobcentres , banks , building societies and utility companies in england could also be trained to spot - and counsel - vulnerable people .
club director emilio butragueno confirmed fifa had asked the spanish federation for documents relating to transfers over the last five years .
asad khan , from bradford , died three weeks after starting at beckfoot upper heaton school in the city .
the 4.4-metre - long -lrb- 14-ft -rrb- cloth is on show until 24 june .
a party spokesperson said the timing made it ` ` impractical '' to put together and finance ` ` a meaningful campaign '' .
the man , who is in his 50s , also sustained a suspected broken leg in the first attack on castle street at about 18:45 bst on saturday .
ties have sharply deteriorated in recent years , and the government in warsaw has sharply criticised russia 's conduct in ukraine .
a lot has changed since all saints first charged onto the scene in 1997 .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the bodies were found by police and paramedics after they were called to the house on station road in shirebrook at about 22:10 gmt on friday .
a team of the anti - drug smuggling unit searched the 27-year - old 's home in port louis and found 22 doses of heroin and a further one gram of the drug .
home secretary theresa may said the change - from april 2016 - would help cut the number of non - europeans and their dependants granted settlement each year from 60,000 to 20,000 .
as flames neared the seaside resort of calampiso , fishermen and boat - owners were drafted in to aid the evacuation .
justin welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the anglican communion in canterbury .
the 25-year - old midfielder had received approaches from scottish premiership rivals dundee united and inverness caledonian thistle .
rowe , team sky 's road captain , broke a rib in a crash on the opening stage but rode on to support team leader froome .
motv is a paid - for video on demand app about hunting , shooting and fishing , and was launched in the us in 2016 .
andy butler opened the scoring before further goals from liam mandeville and matty blair gave rovers a commanding half - time lead .
o'connell , who led ireland at the world cup , retired from international rugby this year after the tournament .
aweys faqey , from north london , was arrested at the airport , north - east of london , on 23 may .
the league one side are hoping to construct a new stadium at mill hill in medway , opposite their training ground .
keith towler said there was little regulation and control of bullying on social networking sites .
the 29-year - old joined the u 's on a free in may 2015 but has made only six appearances for the league two side .
the iron have lost three of their last six league games , but are still second in league one .
llanberis mountain rescue was called out a record 43 times to wales and england 's highest peak in august - an increase it called ` ` unsustainable '' .
the uprising is now regarded in kenya as one of the most significant steps towards a kenya free from british rule .
out among the stars comes out in march and features 12 tracks by the american singer , recorded for columbia records in 1981 and 1984 .
the idea of the uk paying for tariff - free access to the eu 's internal market has been mooted in recent days .
the 28-year - old 's contract with korona kielce in his homeland had expired and grzelak has also played for wisla plock , dolcan zabki and podbeskidzie bielsko - biala .
1 june 2016 last updated at 07:33 bst
the team needed to finish in the top three to secure a spot at next year 's pyeongchang qualification tournament .
the drugs -- 0.04 g of cocaine with a street value of about # 3 -- were found in a bag in a glove compartment .
that was the promise made by the prime minister at the weekend .
damon smith is accused of unlawfully and maliciously making or having in his possession an explosive substance with intent to endanger life or cause serious injury to property .
in their strongest statement yet on the issue , scientists say acidification could increase by 170 % by 2100 .
parent company mondelez says it plans to bring all cadbury lines under its existing in - house fair trade scheme , cocoa life .
customers who pay via direct debit often receive bills based on estimated meter readings .
the wales air ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash at pandy on the main road between abergavenny and hereford at about 15:10 bst .
the fashion designer had told yahoo that casting directors dressed hadid in a poncho for a fashion show because she was not as thin as the other models .
the 58-year - old , who will leave his england post , has managed bournemouth , doncaster rovers , crawley town , nottingham forest and bristol city .
pars goalkeeper sean murdoch denied jamie adams in a first half of few chances before two quick fire goals put the visitors in control .
here are the best bits we heard backstage at the royal albert hall in london .
the government introduced fees in 2013 to reduce the number of malicious and weak cases , but that led to a 79 % reduction over three years .
the teenager was detained at riverside retail park in coleraine earlier on thursday .
media playback is not supported on this device
sally chidzoy said she was targeted after raising concerns when an mp appeared to convince a senior colleague to drop one of her stories .
australian businessman david prior said he hoped to double production at bladnoch distillery , near wigtown .
immigration , healthcare and outreach to latino voters dominated the debate , which disintegrated into long periods of shouting and personal insults .
the 31-year - old had publicly revealed she was expecting her third child during a concert in may .
all glass and concrete beside a fast - flowing stream , the longford town centre was to be a cathedral of commerce - now it stands as a monument to the end of the celtic tiger and the republic of ireland 's economic crash and burn .
many women have questioned the safety of the implants , which are used to treat incontinence , after suffering debilitating side effects .
doctors realised maia collingswood needed the transplant after her father dan revealed he also had the procedure in 1997 .
after both sides missed chances in a goalless first half , natasha harding headed wales in front five minutes after the break in haverfordwest .
after seeing the canadian astronaut chris hadfield performing with his guitar or scott kelly of nasa doing airborne somersaults , many might wonder if the iss has a serious point .
at least two missiles were fired at a house in north waziristan tribal region early on wednesday , the deadliest drone attack in pakistan this year .
government limits to teachers ' pay and ` ` real terms cuts '' to school budgets risk undermining standards , they warn .
strachan would not be drawn on his future following last week 's 3 - 0 defeat by england .
there have been calls for carroll , 27 , to make an international return after his recent hat - trick against arsenal .
universities minister jo johnson has announced plans for ` ` better targeting '' of disabled students ' allowances .
accountancy firm pricewaterhousecoopers -lrb- pwc -rrb- said security has been beefed up at the residences of brian cullinan and martha ruiz following the mistake .
the ` ` freital group '' , named after the suspects ' hometown near dresden , consists of seven men and a woman .
south wimbledon and queensway stations will be the first to see their staff moved from ticket offices into ticket halls and on to platforms .
tourism ni said it expects a strategy to be in place by early next year .
a yougov survey suggested low name recognition of councillors across the uk , with 79 % of east midlands residents unable to name a single representative .
sir martin moore - bick sent the letter late on thursday following weeks of discussion with survivors .
the clause backing ` ` common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange '' , was scrapped under tony blair in 1995 .
in an open letter to the girls , she criticised nigeria 's authorities and the international community for not doing enough to secure their release .
rezgar zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his 25-year - old victim in argyle street before raping her at a flat in cessnock on 10 december 2006 .
at the paris climate summit last december , governments agreed that they would ` ` pursue efforts '' to keep warming below this figure .
the # 570 m project to extend the chilwell and clifton lines began in march 2012 .
despite calling it a ` ` gimmick '' , labour backed the charter for budget responsibility , saying it was ` ` fully consistent '' with its approach .
the woman told sheffield crown court she was just 12 when she was picked up from a children 's home and abused by basharat hussain and two other men .
but after losing their opening home fixture , 40 overs of play were possible before the weather closed in .
mostly made up of narrow streets , date trees and mud houses , the paramilitary frontier corps have a strong presence here as they do in the rest of the province .
if confirmed by the senate , james comey will replace outgoing director robert mueller iii , serving for 10 years .
denis o'brien obtained the injunction to stop rtÉ from reporting details of his personal finances and relationship with former anglo irish bank .
media playback is not supported on this device
labour 's jeremy corbyn said there was a ` ` disconnect '' between the government 's rhetoric and its actions and that hmrc 's budget had been cut .
a late first - half goal from quinn saunders helped st peter 's into a 1 - 8 to 0 - 5 interval lead at inniskeen .
highlands and islands fire and rescue service recorded the acreage of several of the most serious of the 73 heath and grass fires its crews have tackled .
edward alexander lee , 34 , was sentenced to three years on probation at belfast crown court on wednesday .
denis o'brien was granted a high court injunction in may to stop rtÉ reporting details of his personal finances .
the local government information unit said 94 % of the 131 councils it spoke to were intending to put up bills , with their finances at ` ` breaking point '' .
the buglife conservation charity says the recent period of damp weather has seen the numbers of bees , wasps , moths and butterflies shrink in 2012 .
patrick mcginley , 46 , and his son william mcginley , 27 , of lisfarrell , edgeworthstown , county longford are accused of murdering bernard mcginley .
beauly will be the only representatives of the lower leagues in the semi - final draw at bbc scotland 's pacific quay on monday 11 july .
corrie mckeague , 23 , based at raf honington in suffolk , vanished after a night out in the town 11 days ago .
it says the overnight operation took place in nowzad district in helmand province .
neil trotter admitted taking pictures of women at edinburgh 's waverley station and glasgow 's buchanan galleries between june and september 2014 .
on monday , mr robinson , who now advises the economy minister , denied any family links to the renewable heat incentive .
forfar are seven points clear of arbroath , who move above elgin city by beating them 3 - 2 .
elgan varney , 33 , was accused of raping hannah stubbs , who was a student at keele university , in staffordshire .
the olympic champion , 29 , was third overall at the end of a promising first day - traditionally her strongest - with a score of 3,928 points .
mr trump broke a long - held tradition by not releasing his paperwork during his presidential campaign .
around one in four births in the uk is by c - section , while in cyprus the figure is 52 % and in sweden 17 % .
jodie whittaker was announced as doctor who 's 13th time lord - the first woman to be given the role .
derek bruder was giving evidence as the inquests focused on the final movements of 15-year - old kevin williams .
eleven people were killed when a vintage hawker hunter jet crashed into traffic on the a27 on 22 august .
the strategic defence and security review in october revealed hms ocean or aircraft carrier hms illustrious would be scrapped .
dave walsh , president of liverpool trades council , said the council should not be afraid of setting an illegal budget .
the latvia international , 24 , made just three appearances in all competitions last season for the royals in an injury - affected campaign .
the accident happened shortly before 22:00 gmt on the new lodge road on tuesday .
the fountain commemorates those who took part in operation anthropoid , a successful mission to assassinate nazi police chief reinhard heydrich .
the area around green park , which also has a large business park , is notorious for its long traffic queues , particularly on match days .
for the fifth time in six years , it earned the buckinghamshire golfer a place at the open championship - no mean feat for a young man who does not turn 25 until october .
the neighbours entered the burning property in milford drive , on sunday afternoon in an attempt to rescue two cats , police said .
from september , it will offer the language to students also reading international business and politics .
flames tore through newsome mills , a four - storey former textile mill in huddersfield , following a suspected arson attack on thursday .
it means the wales international is free to play in the grand final should wigan make this season 's showpiece .
carlos ghosn , renault 's chairman and chief executive officer , also hinted the company 's relationship with red bull is likely to end this year .
wenger , 67 , was charged with verbally abusing and pushing fourth official anthony taylor after being sent off .
dunfermline made a strong start and twice went close through joe carle and michael moffat .
dr adesina said providing millions of farmers with seeds and fertilisers was vital to boost development .
matt bullivant , 36 , fell 4.5 m -lrb- 15 ft -rrb- through the balustrade just 20 minutes after arriving at chellowdene guest house in falmouth , cornwall .
a judge dismissed the charge against the retired sportsman after identifying inconsistencies in tina wallace 's evidence .
a member of the public alerted the emergency services to the discovery at about 21:00 on sunday .
she 's told newsbeat that she 's written a couple of songs for gwen stefani 's new album but would n't reveal any more information .
the writer 's work tells the story of a nigerian woman who moves to the us to pursue a college education .
it comes 12 years after their first , when jose mourinho 's 2004 - 05 side stormed to glory , 12 points clear of nearest rivals arsenal after having lost just once , to manchester city , all season .
the cookery expert and writer is to be replaced by saturday kitchen regular andi oliver on next year 's show .
the dudley muslim association has offered dudley council # 325,000 to drop court action in a dispute about the site where the mosque is to be built .
ex - french minister for health and sport roselyne bachelot said nadal 's seven - month absence in 2012 was ` ` probably due to a positive doping test '' .
the force said paedophile hunter activities can hinder investigations and lead to offenders walking free .
the court upheld a chilean prison sentence for hartmut hopp , a german citizen in his seventies .
with england 's 2016 fixtures completed , captain heather knight is heading to australia , and another season leading hobart hurricanes in the women 's big bash league .
people had gathered on the bridge to watch emergency services rescue a man who had jumped into the sanvordem river in curchorem .
barnsley 's ryan kent almost caught keeper chris maxwell out at the near post with an inswinging corner .
the times educational supplement -lrb- tes -rrb- says measures to guard against grade inflation were not appropriate for this year 's english exams .
ten protestant workmen were killed when their minibus was ambushed in the south armagh village in january 1976 .
the 39-year - old , who won silver in beijing in 2008 , sustained a back injury in training .
the 23-year - old crowdfunded her way to rio to compete in the women 's single sculls , but finished 20th in the finals last saturday .
mr evans joined the civil service in 2010 and is currently deputy permanent secretary to the welsh government .
ibrahim halawa , the son of the most senior muslim cleric in the republic of ireland , was arrested during a siege on the al - fath mosque in cairo in 2013 .
media playback is not supported on this device
aston villa 's jordan ayew opened the scoring on 62 minutes , curling the ball past ley matampi in the leopards goal .
the football association , known simply as the fa , is the organisation that looks after all football in england .
demolition of the existing buildings is still subject to a bat mitigation licence being granted by natural england .
in may , qatar vowed to improve the rights of migrants in the gulf state amid growing alarm at their treatment .
karl and donovan demetrius , both 29 , jaydene parsons , 23 , and james ireland , 23 , were charged with assisting an offender earlier .
caerphilly council has been accused of lacking ` ` christmas cheer '' by the opposition plaid cymru group .
the imf 's steering committee , made up of 25 of the world 's largest economies , said the global outlook was fraught because of weak trade and a series of risks including a uk exit from the eu .
dean owens , from leith , knew that his great great grandfather ambrose salvona was buried somewhere in inverness .
police probed reports hounds filled a street in macclesfield , cheshire , in february and allegedly killed a fox .
the new brand , arket , will provide ` ` simple , timeless and functional designs '' including clothes for adults and children , and household products .
for 70 years , my father has lived with the shame of what happened to his ship , hms hebe , in june 1940 .
some argue that africans have never had so much artistic freedom , with a proliferation of books , paintings and films since the advent of multi - party democracy in the 1990s , and the huge advance in technology which has allowed anyone with a smartphone to publish their views across the world .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning has been issued for late thursday into friday for the western and northern isles , highlands and argyll .
former liverpool and chelsea striker fernando torres scored the pivotal goal on 72 minutes as atletico moved within eight points of leaders barcelona .
the item was sold to a private irish collector .
patrick bauer and nathan byrne helped karl robinson 's men complete a perfect smash and grab , cancelling out zach clough 's free - kick .
the procession to calvary , completed in 1602 , will remain on show at nostell priory in west yorkshire .
the pop legend lost his cool during his performance at gloucester 's kingsholm stadium on sunday .
landlord mr jones , 46 , died at the blossoms public house in holyhead on friday afternoon .
air accident investigators have been briefing families ahead of official publication of their final report .
the hemel hempstead - born 37-year - old succeeds fellow briton ian poulter , who hosted the 2015 event at woburn .
most msps on the equal opportunities committee endorsed the marriage and civil partnership bill .
prime minister haider al - abadi 's programme was pushed through without debate , according to parliamentary speaker salim al - juburi .
media playback is not supported on this device
the success of anti - austerity campaigns is viewed as a blow to german chancellor angela merkel , who lost a key political ally in france 's nicolas sarkozy .
the pair shared a partnership of 187 after nick compton and stevie eskinazi fell in quick succession .
the serie a side reacted by vowing to ban anyone identified with the songs .
like 20 million other people in bangladesh , most of them women , ms rani had turned to microcredit in an effort to lift herself out of poverty .
jordan edwards , 15 , died after officer roy oliver fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party in the dallas suburb of balch springs .
jockey james best edged ahead on the neil mulholland - trained seven - year - old -lrb- 25 - 1 -rrb- and held on to finish half a length clear .
jolie , whose directorial debut is set in bosnia 's 1992 to 1995 war , received a standing ovation as she picked up the honorary heart of sarajevo award .
mark spencer , the conservative mp for sherwood , in nottinghamshire , said people in the midlands give more than a quarter of the uk 's total licence fee but only receive 2 % of its investment .
the phoenix tent will also host new york indie pop outfit the pains of being pure at heart .
some 69 % of those asked said they had worked when unwell , the report by aviva uk health claimed , with many fearing a mountain of work when they returned .
the charges include numerous counts of rape and conspiracy to rape and relate to eight victims , south yorkshire police said .
sam gould said the proportional representation element of the assembly electoral system would give ukip ` ` six or seven '' seats , if it repeated its general election performance .
speaking on tv , maria zakharova said jews had told her they donated both to mr trump and hillary clinton .
joseph brown - lartey died as his vehicle was split in half by a car driven by addil haroon in rochdale in 2014 .
the spaniard , who won the title in 2009 , came through 4 - 6 6 - 3 6 - 7 -lrb- 5 - 7 -rrb- 6 - 3 6 - 2 in four hours and six minutes .
lisa bridgett , of pwllheli , had been using the phone after the ariana grande concert on monday when the explosion caused a steel nut to hit her .
tom rogic , who levelled in extra time for celtic , missed the vital spot - kick , blazing high and wide .
glory and grounding .
it struck this morning between the capital city of kathmandu and another city , pokhara .
the sri lankan shared a second - wicket stand of 187 with opener rory burns -lrb- 80 -rrb- as surrey reached 394 - 5 at stumps .
the 21-year - old told bbc sport last year that he was considering an approach from algeria .
o'leary had taken the claim to fifa following his dismissal in april 2011 , one year into a three - year contract .
it is believed to be the first time teachers would have been given a special legal protection in this way .
his side beat cheshire on sunday to retain the title they won last year .
the duo are the first robins players to agree to join guernsey fc since the clubs agreed a partnership deal earlier this week .
the labour mp , who was shot and stabbed after holding an advice session for her constituents in west yorkshire , had campaigned for britain to remain in the eu and championed the contribution of immigrants to british society .
media playback is not supported on this device
the boys , then aged 10 and 11 , lured their victims to a ravine and carried out a ` ` sadistic '' attack in edlington , near doncaster , in 2009 .
police said that at least eight carriages jumped the tracks near muzaffarnagar , about 130 km -lrb- 80 miles -rrb- north of the capital delhi .
it is expected to be wet and windy later , with the possibility of flooding in places from heavy rain and melting snow .
athens ' benchmark atg index , which fell 5.9 % on friday , was down 5 % in trading on monday .
the ex - villa player and nottingham forest boss , 51 , quit his role as chris hughton 's number two prior to friday 's 1 - 1 draw between the two sides .
mohammed haji sadiq denies committing 15 child sex offences over a 10-year period .
its green budget , which looks at options and issues ahead of next month 's budget , says the uk 's finances still have ` ` a long way to go '' .
the
dunelm house was built in the 1960s and although fans believe it to be a prime example of the architecture , it has not been given listed status .
on wednesday , the electric carmaker reported a first quarter loss of $ 282 m -lrb- Â # 195 m -rrb- up from $ 154 m last year .
officers received a report of an attack on a woman , 19 , at gorsedd gardens near cardiff civic centre at 04:30 bst on thursday .
eight houses on the a3055 undercliff drive on the isle of wight were evacuated in 2014 .
ramunas macnoris is charged over separate gun attacks in newry , county down , early last thursday when two men , both aged 32 , were shot in the legs .
the specialist , dr howard kornfeld , was unable to make it from california to minnesota immediately but sent his son .
this is the first assault by jihadists in the west african state , raising fears of more instability in the region .
the man , who was 31 , was shot by police on francis street at around 09:35 gmt .
the chinese firm said it was pursuing its south korean rival in two courts - one in california , the other in shenzhen .
7 august 2015 last updated at 23:21 bst
the boy identified as che labastide - wellington , from harrow , was at a party in belvedere way , kenton , on saturday evening .
ander herrera 's first - half strike gave united a lead they deserved in a game low on intensity with both teams already assured of places in next season 's champions league .
the dons made an offer for the former st johnstone forward , 24 , in june but the deal was delayed after a managerial change at the championship club .
japanese - owned chemical firm sekisui alveo said production at its merthyr tydfil industrial park plant will end by march 2018 .
lindahl , 33 , who has been with chelsea since december 2014 , won olympic silver with her country in rio in 2016 .
from nightclubs to sports grounds to television studios , it seems almost everyone 's had a dip at doing the dab .
the royal stoke university hospital has been designated as a ` ` gym '' where players can train their characters and fans have been seen roaming the site .
an adventure in space and time , written by mark gatiss , will tell the story of the formation of the sci - fi drama in the early 1960s .
police said a boy on the bank saw his father 's boat capsize on the river wey in guildford at about 13:10 bst on monday .
john coyle tried to rob a scotmid store in glasgow 's easterhouse , but left empty - handed after the worker shouted to her mother who also worked there .
that 's the prospect facing parents in knowsley on merseyside .
indongo , unbeaten in 21 fights prior to this unification contest , forced his fellow 34-year - old on to the back foot for much of the fight .
university of brighton student janet muller , 21 , from eastbourne , was found by fire crews in a volkswagen jetta in ifield , west sussex , on friday .
eric bikubi , 28 , and his partner magalie bamu , aged 29 , have been convicted at the old bailey of killing kristy bamu after accusing him of being a sorcerer who practised witchcraft .
russian president vladimir putin said the su-24 was hit by air - to - air missiles fired by turkish f-16s while it was flying over syrian territory .
no - one is absolutely certain it will happen , but most people i ' ve spoken to assume it 's coming .
the ex - bury player scored from close in , just as the visitors looked set to hold on for an unlikely point .
the most rev justin welby told worshippers at canterbury cathedral that the attacks risked ` ` causing us to act fearfully , to see a world in which fear triumphs '' .
mcdonald 's planned to open a two - storey restaurant in fishponds in 2014 .
they were conceived in 1944 at a conference in bretton woods , in the us state of new hampshire .
wenger , whose club contract runs to the summer , has been linked with the job .
seren bernard , 14 , took her own life while living with foster carers in pembrokeshire in 2012 .
choupo - moting , 28 , is their fourth signing of the summer after darren fletcher , kurt zouma and josh tymon .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
robert lewandowski 's penalty gave the german champions the lead before thomas muller swept home on his 27th birthday .
a barrister for christian - run county antrim firm ashers said if they lost the discrimination case there would be wide - reaching consequences for shop owners .
the woman had withdrawn her pension from a bank in altrincham on monday before heading into the iceland store .
fisher , 60 , who played princess leia in star wars , was taken ill on a flight from london to la on friday .
the lib dem leader said the tories would have to cut 10,000 police officers , 28,000 carers and 25,000 military personnel to pay for the tax cuts promised by george osborne .
for jenny tay and darren cheng , both undertakers , death played a ` ` central and important part '' in the photo shoot , taken for their upcoming wedding in october .
police said it was found in a private residence in blanchardstown on friday night .
hmp hewell in worcestershire was last year highlighted by hm inspectorate of prisons for its high levels of assaults and drug use .
the city was brought to a standstill on 15 december last year when a gunman held 18 hostages for 17 hours .
it is the third confirmed diagnosis of the h5n8 strain of avian flu in lincolnshire in about four weeks .
his comments come on a day marking the first anniversary of a project to protect all of the nation 's mangroves .
an early build of the new os , known as android n , was released on thursday for app developers to test .
john bieniewicz , 44 , was struck on sunday during the game in a park .
officers from the environment agency found 20,000 tyres when they visited the site at seacoast road , bellarena , near limavady , last year .
the study by napier university found those on benefits were anxious that changes to their circumstances would push them into ` ` crisis situations '' .
the 20-year - old had been named in the nigeria squad for the first time , having played at youth level and helped to win the 2013 under-17 world cup .
speaking during a parliamentary debate , philip hollobone said individual fireworks are extremely dangerous .
edinburgh will also provide the venue for the european challenge cup the same year , but the host stadium has yet to be chosen for that event .
stocktrade is being transferred to the dundee - headquartered firm for # 14 m in cash .
but the belgian capital remains on the highest alert level , with hundreds of armed police and soldiers on patrol .
andal ampatuan junior is accused of orchestrating the murder of 57 unarmed civilians , who were ambushed , killed and clumsily buried in a mass grave in the southern province of maguindanao last november .
they were among four people who were on irish coastguard rescue 116 helicopter when it crashed on tuesday .
dale merza , 20 , is charged with misdemeanour hazing after the alleged attack last october on andrew seely , 19 , at central michigan university .
the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- made a number of recommendations including ensuring nursing staffing levels were safe at sandwell general hospital and city hospital in birmingham .
a monitor report published in february called for the closure of acute services including the a&e department .
the future of the outdoor pool in milford haven was uncertain after the county council voted to cut its Â # 1,000 annual budget .
the imf said the mainland should reduce foreign exchange intervention .
striker nelson , 19 , went off injured just minutes after being introduced as a substitute in saturday 's 1 - 1 draw with plymouth argyle .
robinson led the club back to the premiership in may , ending their seven - year stay in the championship .
the sofa was seen perched in the boot of the toyota celica on the a140 in long stratton , norfolk , on saturday by traffic officers , police said .
matthew daley , 35 , denies murder but admits attacking donald lock , 79 , in findon , near worthing , last july , claiming diminished responsibility .
if you have a picture you would like to share , please see below the images for details on how to submit yours .
media playback is not supported on this device
he welcomed taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny 's comments on a possible referendum on irish unity .
on friday , shane long 's first - half goal looked set to give the hosts victory before luuk de jong 's late equaliser .
weston played 19 league and cup games for the chairboys last season after signing from southend in june 2016 .
services were halted near woking , surrey , on thursday night following a signalling problem caused by a possible attempted theft of cable .
moderate exercise increased the size of the hippocampus , an area of the brain that makes memories , in 120 volunteers .
the firm , which controls two - fifths of the scotch whisky industry , reported scotch sales down 5 % by volume .
reverend irene wilson was leaving holy trinity church in hull at 13:30 bst on 7 august when her vehicle was targeted .
mr trump said mr obama had learned well before the 8 november poll about the accusations and ` ` did nothing '' .
mitchell won the women 's 5,000 m title as she clocked 16:27.08 to finish over eight seconds ahead of letterkenny 's annmarie mcglynn .
the two small eels were found in a routine fish survey on the river tud , a tributary of the wensum in norfolk .
first , though , the german has to negotiate one of the most intense weekends of the year .
the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- said the man , named as josh pitt from leighton buzzard , died from a single gunshot wound .
last month , the 32-year - old left league two side luton town by mutual consent to return home .
ahead of talks with his us counterpart james mattis , sir michael said too few of the 28 members were meeting nato 's annual 2 % defence spending target and countries needed to ` ` raise their game '' .
naming rights are among the powers set to be devolved in the wales bill now going through the uk parliament .
voters here have yet to make their choice in the regional election .
the holiday inn express in picardy place was put up for sale in november after its aberdeen - based owners , the european development company -lrb- edc -rrb- , ran into financial difficulties .
the tram , which currently serves the nottingham area , would also run to east midlands airport and the proposed hs2 station at toton .
the streatham mp said labour should not be ` ` screaming at the electorate '' after its poor general election performance .
tadashi ishii said he would tender his resignation at a january board meeting .
the announcement of the coaching changes at surrey on the day of the australia - sri lanka champions trophy game at the oval meant juggling meetings and phone calls with stints in the commentary box for test match special .
a batch of pills with the superman logo containing the chemical pmma may still be in circulation according to the police .
the 24-hour strike , on 1 february , comes as part of a row over conditions .
after a dour first hour david jones was caught in possession and substitute gary madine 's low cross was slotted home from close range by liam feeney .
cassells won the title with fellow coleraine man peter chambers last year .
natalia wilkanowska , 50 , disappeared in 2003 after travelling to visit her ex - husband gerald doherty in luton .
the ex - bury and sheffield united player was abused while at crewe alexandra from the age of 11 to 15 .
the french government proposed senior diplomat laurent stefanini for the post in january but the vatican is yet to respond to approve the choice .
a letter from an nhs england official to managers and gps in one region suggests vulnerable practices could be left to ` ` wither by the system '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
honda racing team bosses have confirmed that martin 's highly anticipated return to the event is not to be .
walters , 33 , has signed a two - year deal after spending seven years with the potters , scoring 62 goals in 269 appearances .
spain 's veronica boquete , germany 's nadine kessler and scotland 's kim little are joined by brazilian forward marta and liverpool and nigerian youngster asisat oshoala .
` ` i am most grateful for the many digital messages of goodwill i have received and would like to thank you all for your kindness , '' she wrote .
newsbeat has been finding out how the shops will be trying to drive sales .
guy tomlinson , 37 , was being chased by officers when his car hit a tipper truck in leicester on 9 march 2016 .
it could lead to new ways of diagnosing the condition and of testing the effectiveness of new drugs .
mrs dewani , 28 , died after the car she was travelling in with her husband , shrien , 31 , was hijacked in cape town .
dr martin thom was called to treat a man who had collapsed in the street in fraserburgh , aberdeenshire , in may last year because an ambulance was not available .
the settlement was reached in a compensation claim against the northern health and social care trust .
a day after breaking the all - time record for pole positions , hamilton was in total control at monza , leading team - mate valtteri bottas to a one - two .
as part of the welsh government plans , councils will need to have a ` ` public toilet strategy '' .
sgt mark wright was injured in february 2012 while restraining a ` ` dangerously out of control '' man armed with two knives .
the 33-year - old arrestee was injured while grabbing onto a toilet at colchester police station on 1 may .
the new plan is for training to be split across three different sites .
banbury 's horton general has been trying ` ` very hard '' since april to recruit new obstetricians .
berlusconi told an italian daily that americans had chosen mr trump , ` ` now let him go to work '' .
charlie flanagan met ni secretary james brokenshire and also talked to some of the parties at stormont on wednesday .
police are investigating events linked to the funeral and wake of the mother of inla man patsy o'hara , who died in the 1981 hunger strike .
research shows europeans are a mixture of three major ancestral populations - indigenous hunters , middle eastern farmers and a population that arrived from the east in the bronze age .
officers were alerted to the find just south of porth neigwl -lrb- hell 's mouth -rrb- , near abersoch on the llyn peninsula , at about 16:00 gmt on sunday .
for almost 60 years tom bravin dressed up as father christmas to distribute presents to over 4,500 underprivileged children around the city .
most incidents came during the cold war , when the us and the soviet union battled for influence across the continent .
media playback is not supported on this device
that question is even more pertinent as labour and plaid cymru talk about what they can and can not agree on .
gayle -lrb- 75no -rrb- and pollard added 65 off 25 balls as the windies racked up 205 - 4 , the highest score of the tournament .
the mental welfare commission found elderly patients stuck on wards for months at the royal edinburgh hospital because of a lack of care home places .
the game was given the go - ahead after several pitch inspections , and justin tipuric 's fine try put ospreys 7 - 0 up at half - time .
another 10 police officers also charged in the case have already died .
the death of virgil runnels , which was his real name , was announced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
rolo , a chocolate labrador , was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an rnli lifeboat were called in , near brixham .
rangers won their quarter - final against dundee 4 - 0 on saturday at lunchtime before united claimed a dramatic 3 - 2 win over ross county .
the seminars will be run by the association of school and college leaders -lrb- ascl -rrb- in major english cities .
the american city , linked to sportswear firm nike , was given the event by the iaaf without a bidding process , a decision being investigated in france .
richard brittain , a former champion on the tv programme countdown , travelled from england and used facebook to find paige rolland , 18 , at her work .
the frontier is shut but turkey has said it is prepared to feed and shelter the refugees .
yanagihara 's novel , the story of four college friends seeking fame and fortune in new york , is tipped to win by bookmakers william hill and coral .
in the footage , which has been widely shared on social media , the policeman headbutts , slaps and kicks the driver as they quarrel beside the lorry .
erfan ali was just six years old when he was attacked by his neighbour 's rhodesian ridgeback called tyson .
the regulator has agreed to increase the amount of weight graphite bricks at the core of the reactor at dungeness b in kent will be allowed to lose .
the council is consulting on shutting bodlondeb in penparcau , aberystwyth , with the loss of 33 jobs .
in catholicism , abortion is viewed as such a grave sin that it warrants automatic excommunication .
a 59-year - old teacher from london received # 185,000 after she slipped a disc in her back after she was knocked to the ground by two unruly pupils .
the announcement was made on friday by alex jones and chris evans on bbc one 's the one show .
gosport borough council says it brought in the # 100 fines to combat dog mess and poorly controlled dogs .
that steady stream of stories has led to the launch of a major public inquiry into their activities .
the company says the new overhead compartments will allow passengers to store more hand luggage on its side .
kengo kuma was given a tour of the site where construction of the museum 's curved inner walls is underway .
a total of 112 high street banks have closed since july 2015 - with a further 33 due to close their doors within the coming months .
mohammed salah had twice been denied by munir mohamedi , but prior to the goal morocco missed a host of good chances .
scolari , 65 , won the tournament in 2002 but the hosts could only finish fourth at this year 's event .
mostly they land upright with a reassuring thud on the crash mats .
aj macginty landed four penalties and cross - code star denny solomona traded scores with kai horstmann to leave the visitors 19 - 5 ahead after 34 minutes .
bids have been submitted by abellio , arriva , keolisamey and mtr for the next wales and borders franchise .
backbench mps can speak relatively freely about their views , and mr corbyn took full advantage of this inside and outside parliament .
gurpal virdi , 56 , of hounslow , west london , was acquitted by the jury at southwark crown court .
media playback is unsupported on your device
weaker commodity prices and consumer spending , together with a slowdown in its key trading partner , china , has hurt growth .
coventry university 's scarborough campus has been built on the town 's former weaponness park and ride site .
ben , from sheffield , was 21 months old when he disappeared from near a farmhouse in iraklis on 24 july 1991 .
the net benefit is about # 257 m each year and takes into account the impact on public services such as the nhs .
the 33-year - old is wales ' most - capped number nine , playing in 94 tests before retiring from internationals in 2015 .
ingeborg rapoport -lrb- then syllm -rrb- finished her medical studies in 1937 and wrote her doctoral thesis on diphtheria - a serious problem in germany at the time .
topps ' products include star wars , disney 's frozen , top gear and the uefa champion league .
british transport police said the man , 22 , from birmingham , was arrested on wednesday and had now been bailed after being questioned by detectives .
fire brigades union -lrb- fbu -rrb- members walked out at 18:00 gmt on friday and are due back on 4 november .
the firm successfully completed operational trials of the train 2 unit ahead of it receiving shale gas ethane from the us this autumn .
karlovic , 35 , served 21 aces as the world number one struggled to control his ground strokes in high winds .
speaking to the bbc at the paris airshow , mr bregier said the aircraft manufacturer was committed to its 16,000 employees based in the uk .
a fabian society report said the party was ` ` too weak '' to take power without support from other parties .
the ` ` learning from mistakes league '' rates 120 trusts outstanding or good , 78 with ` ` significant concerns '' and 32 with a ` ` poor reporting culture '' .
they 're not the usual topics for a top 40 chart act , but that 's exactly what alt - pop band everything everything have been writing about over the past year .
she is in possession of wta ranking points once again after proving too strong for roberta vinci in her first match since a 15-month ban for taking the banned drug meldonium .
` ` we are lucky to have him as six or seven other clubs would ' ve liked him to join them , '' the manager said of thomas .
the firm regularly gives away free toys via the paper , but said there would be no more ` ` in the foreseeable future '' .
pennock , 46 , was placed in charge until the end of 2016 - 17 following justin edinburgh 's departure on 3 january .
built in the 13th century , it overlooks aleppo 's old city and is part of a un - listed world heritage site .
mr maduro said the room would be kept intact and a wing of the presidential palace turned into a monument to mr chavez 's ` ` bolivarian revolution '' .
john stollery , 58 , a social worker from nottinghamshire , was one of 30 uk holidaymakers killed by a gunman near sousse last year .
the 96-year - old announced his retirement in may , after decades of supporting the queen , as well as attending events for his own charities and organisations .
media playback is not supported on this device
the top seed was hampered by an ankle knock at the start of the second set but fought back from 5 - 3 behind to win in straight sets .
powell , 22 , scored 12 goals in 41 appearances for championship side wigan during a loan spell in 2013 - 14 .
the sum , covering january 2013 to october 2014 , included money spent on in - house staff , third party companies and advertising agencies .
the judge in charge of the case rejected the request by prosecutors to drop the charges against the striker .
omari mwanahamisi put tanzania ahead after only 26 minutes and she doubled the lead just before half - time .
if , and when , their big day comes , it could be an expensive business covering the cost of hotels , caterers , photographers and florists , not to mention clothes , rings and a honeymoon .
media playback is not supported on this device
this afternoon , the labour leader returned to the stage - in shirt sleeves this time - to face questions from his audience .
the women , aged between 18 and 29 , have been recruited on social media .
japan 's shares rose despite a central bank survey showing firms expect inflation to rise 1.4 % a year from now , casting doubts on the bank 's pledge to hit 2 % this fiscal year .
the cheetham hill asda living store will turn off escalators , screens and music for an hour on saturday 7 may .
mcclaren , who led the magpies to six wins in 28 premier league matches , was replaced by benitez in march , but the spaniard could not prevent them from being relegated to the championship .
at least two have been treated for symptoms of poisoning after being walked near a cricket pitch in fordham heath , colchester , the rspca said .
he collided with a black vauxhall insignia on the junction of wian street and london road in holyhead shortly before 12:30 bst on 3 june .
the pound started to rise just before the first results came in as traders predicted a win for the remain side - eventually hitting a high of over $ 1.50 .
for fahad bin mohammed al - attiya , it is the nightmare scenario .
on friday , the florida jury ruled gawker had violated hogan 's right to privacy , awarding him $ 115 m -lrb- Â # 79 m -rrb- for economic damage and emotional distress .
electrons are negatively - charged elementary particles which orbit the nuclei of atoms .
media playback is unsupported on your device
an international team of maritime archaeologists are diving , excavating and recording the wreck of dutch ship the rooswijk off the kent coast .
sean earle snatched the bag of linda clarke , who had cut her wrists and walked out of hospital before sitting on a ledge over the m602 in salford .
a group of about 400 people , made up of the 15-year - old 's friends , relatives and neighbours , took part in the wear pink for paige walk on saturday .
the 6 ft 5 in star had been diagnosed with brain cancer and was in intensive care in new york before his death on wednesday .
the body of andraya lyons , 39 , was found in drew street , swindon at 05:40 gmt on saturday .
the amateur international boxing association has said pro boxers will compete in rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month .
daron dylon wint , 34 , who had previously worked for the victims ' family business , was detained late thursday in the us capital .
derby fans were left with a sinking feeling despite seeing the end of their goal drought at the ipro stadium , while an england under-19 keeps banging them in for bristol city .
the labour leader has outlined his party 's business manifesto , which includes a promise to ` ` return britain to a leadership role '' in brussels .
electricity north west said about 680 customers in bury and 480 in rochdale were still cut off .
his arrest over the death of model reeva steenkamp has stunned the country where he is considered a national hero .
daimler , which owns the luxury car maker , has been under intense pressure from police and prosecutors .
more than 60,000 vials , said to contain anabolic steroids , were recovered in an operation by garda -lrb- irish police -rrb- , customs and a medicine watchdog .
it comes after a bidder to run university hospital of hartlepool 's fertility services was rejected , despite already running services there .
gosport 's hms sultan and fort blockhouse are among 91 ministry of defence sites now set to close - 35 were previously earmarked .
the aid package , worth 500 m euros -lrb- # 365 m -rrb- , was announced at a meeting of eu farm ministers in brussels .
they ran in seven tries to finish second in pool three and book their british & irish cup quarter - final spot .
the incident occurred in the 84th minute of wednesday 's confederation cup match between sudan 's al merreikh and kawkab marrakech of morocco .
home captain karen carney had the best chance of a goalless first half but her volley was saved by hedvig lindahl .
both blasts went off on thika road , a busy highway north - east of the city .
the east riding of yorkshire council refused planning permission for the scheme at north ferriby , near hull , in may 2013 .
the vote held on friday was for 68 seats out of the 290 in parliament .
ball made just one replacement appearance after a rib injury picked up in october restricted his chances .
the wasps player - manager has been named league one manager of the month for february after three wins and a draw and his side sit second from top .
simone sorensen scored the crucial spot - kick after austria missed their first three penalties .
john key said the toll was expected to rise further , adding : ` ` we may be witnessing new zealand 's darkest day . ''
the ministry of peshmerga affairs said blood samples from about 35 fighters revealed traces of sulphur mustard .
the final is due to start on friday in ghent , 35 miles from belgian capital brussels , which is under the country 's highest security alert .
peter gillespie , 64 , from hertfordshire , was part of a # 4.7 m plot to bring two million doses of counterfeit drugs from china to the uk .
hamilton said he was drawing on ali 's famous ` ` rope - a - dope '' victory over george foreman in 1974 as he seeks to close the 29-point gap to the german .
police have charged a 32-year - old norwegian man over both attacks .
rhiannon smith , 21 , was involved in a collision between a black range rover and a grey toyota yaris on the a48 between newport and chepstow , monmouthshire , on 16 march .
just minutes after leaving harbour , the ferry capsized .
the 22-year - old told his 3.6 million subscribers , as well his followers on twitter , in a six - minute video called coming out .
the comedian used insulting language on the channel 5 dating show , suggesting the essex resort is filled with ` ` single mothers '' , the sun reported .
the 26-year - old fly - half has agreed a new deal which could keep him in wales until the 2019 world cup .
pictures of men kissing the figure , holding her hand and touching her chest and crotch have gone viral on facebook and other social media .
in a town north of paris , the two brothers suspected of carrying out the attack on charlie hebdo magazine had been holed up at a printing warehouse .
there may be clashes , but a series of deals between labour and the government have defused most of the big problems in advance .
it said it plans to replace them with less obtrusive surveillance .
the general court of the european union said there were ` ` internal inconsistencies '' in the commission 's 2010 decision .
the public vote , which is called a referendum , will happen on thursday 23 june 2016 .
rother district council said the temporary rnli lifeguard service would ` ` reassure the public and advise on safety '' at the east sussex beach .
it will add an extra 600 seats a day for commuters into the welsh capital after being criticised for having too many overcrowded trains .
berahino , who apologised on friday for threatening to go on strike , scored the third in a 3 - 2 win over crystal palace .
raqqa is being slaughtered silently -lrb- rbss -rrb- said ahmad mohammed al - mousa was killed by a group of masked men in the rebel - held city of idlib on wednesday .
mudassir hussain of gladstone street , derby , pleaded guilty to preparing acts of terrorism .
the 25-year - old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the u 's last season , but has not played a game this term .
2 december 2016 last updated at 18:32 gmt
the work shows that dna and its chemical cousin rna are not unique in their ability to encode information and to pass it on through heredity .
the group , who set off from the canary islands on 20 december , took 47 days to complete the 3,000-mile row to antigua .
they say it is to avoid people calling in sick , turning off their phones or simply failing to turn up for work .
the 31-year - old scot was development driver this year but her position will be expanded in 2015 to include two runs in friday practice and two tests .
media playback is not supported on this device
david mcgoldrick volleyed in his first goal since august to put ipswich ahead .
the list , topped by scottish first minister nicola sturgeon identifies women who have had an ` ` exceptionally large impact '' .
the briton finished more than two minutes ahead of poland 's anna harkowska in nottwil , switzerland .
the secretary of state was , by all accounts , a member of the ` ` remain campaign '' lobbying against a us withdrawal from the paris agreement .
gary carter , who was in london to cover the england v new zealand rugby league match , was found with head injuries in bethnal green early on friday .
south wales police officers were called to an address in pencoed , bridgend , at 17:30 bst on saturday .
centre o'driscoll had been a doubt because of a calf problem while fly - half sexton limped out of the australia defeat with a hamstring injury .
the discovery was made during work to extend the castle 's main shop and ticket office .
shankaracharya swaroopanand 's comments came two days after the shani shingnapur temple in maharashtra state let women into the inner sanctum .
the 37-year - old american has been hired as a linebacker coach for pre - season by cardinals head coach bruce arians .
both 48-hour and 24-hour strikes have already been held on seven shell - operated platforms .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the 27-year - old will not need surgery after breaking his leg in an innocuous clash with reds winger raheem sterling .
demba ba leapt to put the blues ahead with a deflected shot and eden hazard added a second before the break , following up when ramires hit the bar .
the board of community health councils -lrb- chcs -rrb- is refusing to say why chief executive tony rucinski was suspended .
they began the third day 75 runs behind with five first - innings wickets in hand .
the raids by 19 raf lancaster bombers destroyed two strategically significant german dams and damaged a third .
the device was towed by a navy bomb disposal team to a detonation site in the solent , where a controlled explosion was carried out at 08:45 bst .
the baby was found alone and abandoned at about 15:30 local time on friday on steelstown road .
mr chand died in a hospital in chandigarh after suffering a heart attack on friday , his son anuj saini told afp news agency .
the 37-year - old , who had already quit one - day and twenty20 cricket , will finish his international career on home soil , in the second of the three - match test series against india in august .
about Â # 11 m will be spent on the upgrade at the hearts ground .
colin lochrie , 31 , targeted the aircraft on 28 november 2013 , causing the pilot to take evasive action .
the airline had suffered years of financial losses even before it was hit by two major disasters in 2014 .
rafael esquivel admitted receiving bribes in connection with the sale of marketing rights to tournaments .
as three - time african champions , the first african nation to win football gold at the olympic games and the most successful country at the fifa u-17 world cup with five titles , nigeria have trophies to back up the claim .
a team from glasgow university studied recorded speech of glaswegians from the early 20th century to the present .
we received that question from drew who is planning a trip to new york in december .
he declared nato was ` ` no longer obsolete '' and dropped his pledge to declare china a currency manipulator .
forestry officials say a survey , using hidden cameras , counted 106 tigers in the wild on the bangladeshi side of the world 's largest mangrove swamp , and about 74 on the indian side .
louis kayes , from moodiesburn in north lanarkshire , called the club to tell them he was sorry he had not made it to saturday 's game against motherwell .
derbyshire police said the taxi driver might have ` ` crucial '' information .
blades goalkeeper george long saved kyle vassell 's first - half spot kick .
wearing boxing wraps around their palms and seated on a bench inside a gym in the eastern indian city of calcutta , two players match moves while huddled over a chessboard .
the boy is from northern ireland , but his family do not want him to be named to protect his identity .
the nottingham - born actress told the graham norton show the incident happened in 2015 after a ceremony in the city to unveil the tram .
that 's hardly a surprise .
the 76-year - old , who received the Â # 25,000 prize for squint -lrb- 19 -rrb- at liverpool 's walker art gallery , was one of the shortlisted artists in 1991 .
all saints day , 1 november , is when catholics remember the saints and their own deceased family and friends .
the prime minister told mps the plan must be treated seriously , but also ` ` tested out properly '' to ensure it was not a ` ` delaying tactic '' or a ` ` ruse '' .
activists say about 35 pro - government fighters were killed and some medical staff taken hostage .
it is not binding on the government , which said it would be a mistake to give guarantees to eu nationals in the uk without similar concessions for uk nationals living elsewhere in the eu .
derek penman said the oversight of the project was inadequate and made 30 recommendations .
kyle clarke , 27 , died when he was hit by a car in hengrove , bristol in january and was dragged along under the vehicle for 600 m .
wayne madsen -lrb- 70 -rrb- batted well before the innings stalled in the twilight , as the pink ball swung more .
second - quarter gross domestic product grew faster than expected , up from 0.4 % growth in the previous quarter , the office for national statistics said .
exeter chiefs boss rob baxter also says a ` ` sacking culture '' comparable to football is creeping into rugby union .
uk anti - doping figures reveal players from wales make up 33 % of all sportsmen and women serving drugs bans .
company sgt maj nelson carter , 29 , was awarded a posthumous victoria cross for his bravery in the battle of the boar 's head , in which he died on 30 june 1916 .
the amount is broadly in line with market expectations of 60bn euros , and follows so - called stress tests of 14 spanish lenders .
united took the lead on the night and in the tie when henrikh mkhitaryan drilled in a low finish in the 10th minute but anderlecht equalised when sofiane hanni scored after 32 minutes .
of 151 drivers stopped by thames valley police , 137 were using their phone .
the hour - long session featured questions on brexit , steel , devolution and the severn crossings .
comparisons will inevitably be made with the legendary centre and former irish captain .
the treasury has agreed to make the money available over a five - year period for a proposed new historical investigations unit and other bodies .
the equipping scotland for the future report was published by the institute for public policy research scotland .
earlier this month , a series of character posters and the film 's trailer provoked uproar on social media for their predominantly white cast .
` ` i have just been to see her majesty the queen and i will now form a majority conservative government .
finance secretary mark drakeford said the idea was ` ` attractive '' and could help tackle poverty and inequality .
surrey 's six - wicket victory in front of a crowd of 2,250 at the oval consigned diamonds to their second defeat in two games since the competition started .
the somerset mill , owned by dublin - based c&c group whose brands include gaymers and blackthorn , has 127 staff .
the accident happened as the train was departing leuven station at a slow speed heading towards the capital .
the bayern munich player was not hurt but appeared shaken after the incident early in the second half , which forced play to be stopped for several minutes .
richard tyler , 44 , saw the hawker hunter jet go up in a loop and come down again as it crashed onto the a27 on 22 august .
gotabhaya rajapaksa is charged with allowing a private firm to establish a floating armoury .
it comes after swansea city fc 's american owners revealed they are in talks with the council over increasing capacity at the ground .
the ` ` bemusement park '' at a derelict seaside lido in weston - super - mare attracted thousands of visitors when it opened last summer .
the australia opener is being investigated over claims of an attack in the early hours of sunday morning , leading to him being dropped from wednesday 's champions trophy match against new zealand .
the 34-year - old has recently returned from a spell with atletico kolkata , where he won the indian super league .
20 july 2016 last updated at 12:06 bst
matt groening told smithsonian magazine
steven walters , 48 , pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault at stafford crown court in september .
these are the close - up views provided by academics from mosul , who have maintained covert contacts linking the city with the outside world .
domenico scala , who heads up fifa 's ad - hoc electoral committee , is swiss - italian - as is gianni infantino , one of the five presidential candidates .
four constituents raised the action under the representation of the people act 1983 .
the iridis4 has state of the art coprocessors which can each perform a trillion calculations per second - a measurement known as a ` ` teraflop '' .
bayern were dominant early on as thomas muller struck from dante 's pass before mario gotze scored following a corner .
sinn fÃ © in 's martin mcguinness said his mother peggy was ` ` traumatised '' to learn the truth .
ministers are to publish draft laws they say are a ` ` landmark '' in prohibiting the substances ' production , distribution , sale and supply .
vale took a deserved lead when aj leitch - smith converted byron moore 's cross .
he is the first american secretary of state to visit the city .
the film , caste on the menu card , was the only film among the 35 sent to india 's information and broadcasting ministry to be refused clearance .
wales have not beaten the all blacks in 26 matches since 1953 and the world champions are undefeated at eden park since 1994 .
it was due to be held at queen 's university in belfast in june .
the call came after ` ` significant human remains '' were found at the site of a former home in the republic of ireland .
they say the star spent more than $ 75 m -lrb- # 59.6 m -rrb- on 14 homes and needed 12 storage facilities to house his collection of hollywood memorabilia .
the 32-year - old recorded a time of 34.259 seconds in szeged in hungary , improving on the 35.197 that won gold in rio last year .
charlie alliston , of trothy road , bermondsey , was 18 when he allegedly hit kim briggs while going 20 mph in central london in february 2016 .
police said three armed men took a five - figure sum from the vehicle in the city 's sauchiehall street on monday at about 21:45 .
the party 's anna mcmorrin polled 26,081 votes with the tories ' craig williams on 21,907 .
the speed of change , development and growth in asia is staggering , particularly when you compare it to the inability of washington dc to get anything done at all .
firefighters across the uk who retired between 2001 and 2006 received lower lump sums than they should have because of an error by the uk government .
west australian fire authorities said it is too late for some residents in waroona area who have not yet evacuated to leave .
naseby battlefield project -lrb- nbp -rrb- wants to build the centre at the northamptonshire site of the decisive battle of the english civil war .
you might forgive laura trott and jason kenny for leaving rio rather full of themselves .
helio hermito zampier neto , a 31-year - old defender for chapecoense , was in a stable condition , doctors said , after surgery on a lung , a knee , a wrist and his head .
it comes after a jury concluded the death of a man from st austell was suicide , while undergoing care 140 miles from where he lived .
bethany hill , 20 , was found dead with neck injuries in stratford - upon - avon on 3 february last year .
the conditions endured by chainmakers and their demands for a minimum wage caused a national scandal and in 1910 they held a strike .
in july , the authority earmarked # 38 m to the scheme as part of a package of works totalling more than # 100 m .
police were called to jackson road in clacton at about 21:10 bst on tuesday .
the 80 signatories include leading figures in the asian hospitality industry and award - winning gospel singer rachel kerr .
mahmoud amir alagha is working in four dimensions to capture digitally the way partial paralysis affects people 's expressions .
they range from extra responsibility for off - street parking , through to tourism .
` ` the most scared i ' ve ever been , '' says scotland 's open - side flanker .
sales volumes increased by 1.7 % in november from the month before , the office for national statistics said .
the national assets management agency -lrb- nama -rrb- is the republic of ireland 's ` ` bad bank '' , set up to deal with toxic loans after the 2008 property crash .
the singer - songwriter tweeted on sunday that he had given his ` ` whole wardrobe -lsb- to -rsb- a bunch of charity shops '' in suffolk .
jhanvi ahuja was visiting the india gate monument in delhi on the night of 28 september with her parents and other relatives when she disappeared .
footage showed the workers rescued through a hole cut in one of the glass windows of one world trade center .
prof jacquie mcglade said the uk was shifting away from clean energy as the rest of the world rushed towards it .
former dons midfielder sheerin , 39 , has been player - manager at the red lichties since 2010 and replaces neil cooper at pittodrie .
ramirez blocked a shot and picked up the loose ball in his own half before he ended a storming run into the bournemouth penalty area by cutting inside andrew surman and side - footing home .
he had an initial spell with the vikings between 2008 and 2013 and was named one of its 50 greatest players .
stuart hamilton , 37 , was last seen by his friends and family two weeks ago .
23 october 2015 last updated at 18:33 bst
michael robson , 44 , who is serving a prison sentence for manslaughter , absconded from hatfield prison in doncaster on thursday .
he was trying out a 45 m -lrb- 150 ft -rrb- high zip wire at victoria park , where the games are being shown on big screens .
zanzibar , which is officially part of tanzania but has its own government , was given unanimous approval at the confederation of african football 's general assembly in march .
as part of the bbc 's so i can breathe series , a week of stories exploring some of the different ways the world is seeking to reduce air pollution , people have been sharing their tips on how to improve the air around them .
media playback is not supported on this device
15 february 2016 last updated at 15:37 gmt
the show features 19 exhibits around the 105-acre garden in derbyshire .
he was taken to the royal sussex county hospital following the incident just before 06:00 bst on saturday .
the writer 's political play this house has just transferred to london 's west end , four years after it premiered at the national theatre .
the wainwright society , formed after his death in 1991 , has chosen fix the fells as its main beneficiary for 2017 .
media playback is not supported on this device
the red rose , on the brink of defeat by surrey this week , have lost two and drawn five of their previous seven county championship games .
but with the foxes now languishing near the foot of the table and one hotelier claiming the impact of richard iii is slowly wearing off , is the journey over ?
the figure was even higher , at 45 % , when athletes at the 2011 pan - arab games were asked the same question .
media playback is not supported on this device
abdul hafidah , 18 , died in hospital from a stab wound to the neck after the attack in moss side .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 6 and 13 january .
stephen o'brien said the agencies had been told to leave by friday , and several international non - governmental organisations -lrb- ngo -rrb- by saturday .
up to a million people still needed to complete their tax credit renewals in the final week before the deadline .
it wants to redress the balance from the university 's walls being lined with pictures of ` ` dead white males '' by adding more women and ethnic minorities .
duffy 's document also supports calls for the all - ireland senior football and hurling finals to be moved forward two weeks as part of a calendar overhaul .
he faced questions from mps as the uk government published a white paper , setting out its approach on brexit .
this is the full statement to the inquests read by his son , stephen clark , on behalf of his mother jacqueline gilchrist :
mr trump 's transition team said he and tsai ing - wen noted ` ` close economic , political , and security ties '' in a phone call .
more than 110 members of the unite union , based in weymouth and bridport , are set to walk out from 04:00 on monday until 03:59 bst on saturday .
the shutdown - the first for 17 years - has left more than 700,000 employees on unpaid leave since 1 october and closed national parks , tourist sites , government websites , office buildings , and more .
the french manager has yet to say whether he will sign a new contract to stay beyond this season , but believes the spirit he has created in 20 years at the club can live on without him .
the 335 ft -lrb- 100 m -rrb- victorian structure , which closed last year , is one of the uk 's shortest piers .
the us firm has struggled with hefty losses that have thrown its japanese parent into a crisis , putting the conglomerate 's future at risk .
the 34-year - old full - back spent last season with napoli in italy 's serie a , making 18 appearances before being released at the end of his contract .
the doctors ' union said patient care was undermined when gps were forced to see as many as 60 patients a day .
in the corner of a busy hospital ward , tucked behind a curtain for our arrival , lies joshua davies .
an ornate roman coin , medieval silver pennies , a copper figurine , a thimble , window glass and a key were unearthed .
defending champion spieth , 22 , had a quadruple - bogey seven on the par - three 12th as danny willett became the first englishman since faldo in 1996 to win .
homs governor talal barrazi said the evacuation of al - wair was part of an existing deal with community leaders and would take six to eight weeks .
the vigilantes were celebrating a successful operation with the military against the islamist militants .
the save oxfordshire children 's centres campaign ` ` baby blockade '' is against oxfordshire county council plans to cut the number of centres to save Â # 8 m .
more than 3,600 firefighters are battling the king fire , 60 miles -lrb- 97 km -rrb- east of sacramento .
born eric lubbock , he became liberal mp for orpington in 1962 when he won a by - election with a huge 22 % swing from the conservatives .
lyth hit two sixes and 13 fours in his 116 not out and shared a third - wicket stand of 150 with skipper andrew gale .
chelmsford prison told residents there had recently been ` ` numerous incidents '' of packages being hurled over the wall .
janet jordon , 48 , her daughter derrin , aged six , and her partner philip howard , 44 , were found in a house in vicarage road , didcot , on 23 may .
president xi jinping said china 's ` ` territorial sovereignty and marine rights '' in the seas would not be affected by the ruling ` ` in any way '' .
sredojevic , who on sunday lead the cranes to their first africa cup of nations finals since 1978 , complained on social media about not being paid .
helder costa marked his first start with the opener , and set up jed wallace for wolves ' second seven minutes later .
the 23-year - old batsman has set himself two goals ; scoring 1,000 first - class runs for the first time in his career and breaking into the county 's one - day team .
that report was never written , but the murdered opposition politician 's colleagues , led by his close associate ilya yashin , have since worked to finish it .
he was responding to reports beijing has deployed surface - to - air missiles on a disputed island in the region .
northumbria police said the pair were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images .
healthcare improvement scotland -lrb- his -rrb- visited the stranraer site in november last year and again in january .
the decision was announced at a meeting in the german city of bonn after the un 's cultural committee spent more than a year considering its nomination .
the second instalment of the drama has already begun filming in australia , with elisabeth moss reprising her role as detective robin griffin .
the miner said it would sell 27 billion shares at 1p per share .
gordon smith , 44 , was found dead on lake road about 400 m -lrb- 0.2 miles -rrb- from his home on church street on 1 july .
the ` ` bio - glue '' is incredibly strong , moves with the body and crucially , sticks to wet surfaces .
the lion , called sylvester , crawled under an electric fence after heavy rains dislodged earth , according to a karoo national park spokeswoman .
president raul castro said ` ` attempts to destroy the revolution '' would fail .
they have identified a range of viruses , called bacteriophages , that can be used to kill common pig infections .
the winning proposal will be ` ` connected to '' the university of chicago , although the site has not been decided on yet , nbc in chicago reports .
peter ward , 54 of barnstaple in devon and richard hiley , 30 of tividale in the west midlands were sentenced at birmingham crown court on monday .
thieves stole a 5 m -lrb- 16 ft 4 in -rrb- flagpole - complete with union jack - at some point over the weekend .
her praise of menstrual leave - and suggestion that all women should be offered it - prompted a fiery debate among readers .
duffy , 37 , has joined the third - placed championship side on a one - year contract after leaving swinton lions .
at least 290 people were killed and hundreds more injured when the 6.2-magnitude quake struck in the early hours of wednesday , 100 km -lrb- 65 miles -rrb- north - east of rome .
chris matheson becomes mp for the constituency , with conservative stephen mosley losing out by just 93 votes .
less county championship cricket , a change of numbers in the two - division structure , a more attractive school summer holidays time slot for the t20 blast and a lord 's one - day knockout final in july are the key outcomes .
customers are being charged up to # 200 for exceeding their time slot by as little as half an hour .
a review of research for the reading agency says reading for pleasure does much more than boost educational outcomes among adults and children .
prof sir venkatraman ramakrishnan says eu scientists working in britain could leave amid a climate of uncertainty .
thomas hunter , 58 , of mansfield road , mansfield , was arrested after the crash on the a34 at hinksey hill , oxford , on 25 august .
lotto soudal 's greipel , 34 , won the 100.5-mile stage from glasgow to castle douglas ahead of australian caleb ewan and dutch rider ramon sinkeldam .
but with their complete silence as nicky morgan walked on stage , low cries of rubbish and then loud outraged laughter as she answered questions , head teachers here at the naht conference in birmingham made clear quite how disillusioned they 're feeling .
the scottish national party had argued that its commons leader enjoyed the support of more mps than labour leader jeremy corbyn .
mani dad was living with his polish mother leyla dad in kielce , poland , when he disappeared early this year .
michael lane denies killing shana grice , 19 , who had her throat slit and her bedroom torched .
mooboo bubble tea - which sells the taiwanese drink topped with tapioca balls - was attacked on social media and by campaign groups .
the defendants allegedly used ` ` unofficial '' company credit cards for luxury purchases , unconnected with their duties as board members .
the move mirrors an update by apple in september that allowed ad - blockers to be installed as extensions for the safari browser .
the charity said tests confirmed all of the cats near victor avenue , in melton mowbray , leicestershire , had ingested the toxic substance .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 10-year - old son of crown prince frederik was saved last thursday by a lifeguard on the popular gold coast strip , 7news reports .
harry whitlam died after gary green , 51 , of bradburn road , wakefield , reversed the vehicle into him at swithens farm , rothwell , near leeds , in august 2013 .
after their scrum had won a penalty try , two fine scores from the backs saw tigers stretch clear in italy .
brown accused referee dean whitestone of a number of ` ` really poor '' decisions .
the 18-year - old has established himself in the wycombe team this season , making 17 appearances in league one .
ab de villiers smashed 71 off 29 balls and hashim amla an unbeaten 69 off 38 as the hosts chased down 172 with 5.2 overs to spare in johannesburg .
the former nova centre in prestatyn will be given a new gym , cafe and pool - side changing rooms as part of the Â # 4.2 m revamp .
brunon kwiecien , 48 , was convicted of planning a terrorist attack , illegal weapons possession and inciting two students to carry out an attack .
the tour players were also given an option to scrap the tournament after last month 's controversy in watford .
870s - first norse settlements on iceland .
the 22-year - old animal , called cheeky , received 16 puncture wounds to both hind legs , the abdomen and neck at greenmeadow community farm , cwmbran .
they said that poor conditions at an overcrowded camp in moria presented a ` ` serious risk '' to at least 3,000 migrants living there .
the 39-year - old was installed among the favourites to succeed mark warburton at ibrox after resigning as boss of league two clyde on sunday .
the minimum prison term has risen from 20 to 40 years .
cerys yemm , 22 , was killed by matthew williams , 34 , in november 2014 at the sirhowy arms in argoed , caerphilly county .
media playback is not supported on this device
scocco , 29 , known as ` ` nacho '' , arrived on a two - and - a - half year deal in january for # 3.2 m as one of gus poyet 's four transfer window signings .
media playback is not supported on this device
the furcast group says the 90-minute podcast went out without its knowledge and it is ` ` deeply sorry '' .
katie locke , 23 , was found dead at theobolds park hotel in waltham cross , hertfordshire .
the who also took to twitter to offer their ` ` condolences to the family and friends '' of the british guitarist .
23 may 2016 last updated at 18:35 bst
the 42-year - old man was discovered in wetland at the medmerry nature reserve , in earnley , on tuesday by coastguards .
every week bbc radio 1 plays a countdown of the week 's top songs , based on downloads and online streaming .
the 32-year - old was attacked in st george 's gardens shortly after midnight on wednesday 12 july .
the letter - published in the guardian - said the coalition 's approach has been characterised by broken promises , cuts and destructive legislation .
researchers said field experiments showed that severe droughts could trigger dieback of forests in the near - term .
the hoard includes red and yellow pigments , shell containers , and the grinding cobbles and bone spatulas to work up a paste - everything an ancient artist might need in their workshop .
office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- figures show 3.7 million workers travel for two hours or longer every weekday .
in one test , nearly half the subjects gave themselves mild electric shocks during 15 minutes of quiet time .
the australian author died in the coastal town of byron bay in new south wales state surrounded by family .
it is showcasing the huge amount which can be achieved by adults with learning difficulties and children with complex needs .
the health board said the man did not access to the woman 's medical records .
glamis hall hosted a lunch club , including a three - course meal and activities , at its wellingborough home .
tumours in the ovaries are hard to detect in the earliest stages meaning it can be too late to treat them effectively by the time they are found .
the 28-year - old left rovers after their national league promotion final defeat by grimsby earlier this month .
jung , 33 , had already won at burghley and kentucky and completed the treble with a flawless showjumping performance in sunday 's final event .
hamilton described the change as ` ` too drastic '' and the ` ` worst - looking '' modification in formula 1 history .
a grant of Â # 1.25 m was provided in 2013 to encourage authorities to install equipment in council chambers to allow them to broadcast meetings online .
a period of uncertainty over political leadership after the announcement that david cameron would quit has not made the mandarins ' lives any easier .
the scottish and uk governments have been locked in talks about a financial deal , with deadlines pushed back due to disagreements over key terms .
a formal complaint has been made to the european commission by a group of italian consumers ' organisations .
sir neville started his musical career with the london symphony orchestra .
the former sun and daily mail writer and sports editor for the observer had been suffering from oesophagus cancer .
the city council has proposed that owners face harsher fines for dog fouling and is asking the public to take part in a consultation .
the 19-year - old will now be eligible to play against barnsley in the football league trophy final on sunday .
police were called to the area at about 20:30 bst on thursday and the child was pronounced dead at the scene .
he has been named as scott greene , a 46-year - old man from urbandale , a suburb of des moines .
creator or arbel told technology news site techcrunch the app was having ` ` security issues '' .
5 january 2016 last updated at 08:38 gmt
his career high came in the 1970s and included the anthemic baker street and stuck in the middle with you , recorded with his band stealers wheel .
media playback is not supported on this device
mr murray will step down later this month after four years in the role .
aged 19 , jack evans is working in one of the country 's oldest and most nostalgic industries - the steam railway .
mr tsilikin , 54 , was found on thursday evening after friends and family had been unable to contact him .
research on 1,500 women aged 64 to 95 found those who spent many hours sitting and exercised for less than 40 minutes a day had cells that were biologically eight years older .
the blast happened in a cafe in the town of velez - malaga at about 17:00 gmt during a local festival .
15 september 2016 last updated at 12:38 bst
the closure of the tunnel near linlithgow in west lothian will mean rail services between edinburgh and glasgow will be severely hit .
darren grayson has stepped down from the east sussex healthcare nhs trust , which runs the conquest hospital in st leonards and eastbourne district general hospital -lrb- edgh -rrb- .
it thought the most likely of its two so - called ` ` good '' outcomes was a labour - led government supported by the snp and the liberal democrats .
in a statement seen by the bbc , his wife said he had been out drinking with another man in the city of yangon on friday night before his death .
another six people died when a minibus was hit elsewhere in donetsk .
elizabeth passmore 's final report before retirement complains admissions are too often ` ` unnecessarily complex '' , ` ` unfair '' or unclear .
stephen archer , 51 , of victoria street , openshaw , manchester , was convicted on thursday at manchester crown court of murdering his sister julie , 49 .
the candystripes can not now be caught for fourth place as they cemented their grip on third spot with leaders dundalk beating shamrock rovers 3 - 0 .
avni metra , 53 , came to britain in 1998 , one year after he killed two brothers in his native albania .
the 23-year - old , who spent three years at the spireites , has penned a two - and - a - half - year deal .
microsoft has just launched its first wearable health gadget , the band , in the us ahead of its global launch .
more than 16 million drivers are set to take to uk roads , with four million travelling on good friday and 4.5 million on easter sunday .
lewis hamilton was the fastest of the silver cars , despite a mistake - strewn final lap on a weekend when penalties mean he will start from the back .
the mariners , back in league two after a six - year absence , looked nervy early on and former england striker darren bent twice went close for the rams .
syed ali attacked the teenager in sunderland 's mowbray park on 8 december last year .
the tayside outfit lost both their games on their maiden outing at the showpiece finals in nottingham over the weekend .
the annual celebratory march , now in its 43rd year , stopped for a minute to remember the victims shot dead in a gay nightclub in orlando .
the hammers were last week accused of sex discrimination by stephen hunt , chairman of the ladies ' club .
truetube , an educational platform , has been named a contender for three awards in total , including best drama and secondary learning .
kieran ridley , 32 , poured petrol onto a nearby bin and lit it , the high court in edinburgh was told .
the proposed tourist development would also include a visitors ' centre and hotel , with a restaurant overlooking the water .
the government said 19 of the 24 bills outlined in the speech will apply in whole or in part to scotland .
2 may 2017 last updated at 18:30 bst
media playback is not supported on this device
but the frenchman 's situation remains ` ` challenging '' and the 25-year - old is in a critical but stable condition .
media playback is not supported on this device
the prince visited the mants ` ase children 's home in maseru , lesotho .
olly martins said the force , which has to save Â # 7.5 m over the next two years , spends Â # 3 m a year on its buildings .
brandon lewis said he asked avon fire authority to commission an independent inquiry into the claims , which the authority refutes , on at least two separate occasions last year .
edwards , 23 , has scored three goals in 127 games for the shrimps since joining from blackburn rovers in may 2014 , with two in 50 appearances last season .
the 53-year - old man , identified as ramu chavan , was accosted by traffic police after they received multiple calls from people who saw him .
the league one side have been under the embargo since november because of a # 300,000 bill with hm revenue & customs and fees owed to other clubs .
sarries will begin the defence of their domestic title against worcester in the london double header at twickenham on saturday , 3 september .
the rare tyrannosaurus bataar , 7 m long -lrb- 23 ft -rrb- , was bought by an anonymous bidder for more than $ 1 m -lrb- Â # 630,000 -rrb- in new york .
they said they had received an anonymous threat , two days after the killing of five police officers .
a former field marshal , three generals and six admirals say the loss of ark royal and its fleet of harrier jets has damaged britain 's defence capabilities .
she was hurt when the mr-01 race car she was driving hit a support truck at duxford airfield in cambridgeshire on tuesday .
it is the second time the swiss curator has topped artreview 's annual power 100 list , having also done so in 2009 .
sir anthony hooper said this would have a major impact on people who needed lawyers with specialist expertise .
the red sand boa is a protected species , and looks like it has two heads , because its tail is shaped like its head to help it defend itself .
a small crowd cheered and applauded as the skyline went dark .
the team dimension data rider , 33 , timed his push perfectly on the final climbs of the 194.5 km stage from bradford to fox valley near sheffield .
media playback is not supported on this device
ming jiang , 43 , was in debt and being chased by creditors but his friend and fellow chinese national yang liu , 36 , could afford to gamble , the jury heard .
remains of a man aged between 30 and 49 , were found close to the m54 motorway in shropshire , in august .
the officer was attacked after stopping a peugeot van in westmorland avenue , cleveleys on 2 november last year , lancashire constabulary said .
the labour leader said the election was ` ` not a clash of two nations but a clash of two visions '' .
simeone , 44 , has led atletico to a host of trophies since becoming coach in 2011 , including last season 's la liga title and the 2012 europa league crown .
nearly 25,000 signatures - 10 % of cardiff 's voters - are needed to force a vote on the issue .
media playback is unsupported on your device
anderson , level with darren gough on 234 before the game , took the wicket of mitchell marsh to move past the former yorkshire seamer 's old record .
leeds , 15th in the championship table , looked vulnerable at the start of the season , particularly at set - pieces .
peter bunyan , 53 , of brooklands road , cosby , pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility at derby crown court .
burberry rose 2.81 % on speculation that the company could be takeover target for a us private equity firm .
lord mcconnell was in the african country to discuss the importance of electricity at the time .
media playback is not supported on this device
police were called to an address in holland street at about 16:15 on wednesday where they found the body of james chadwick , who was from the city .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
veterans with amputation - related medical issues can now attend a clinic at the surrey - based unit 's defence medical rehabilitation centre -lrb- dmrc -rrb- .
after jonny bairstow made 64 and alex hales 51 , the tourists slipped from 116 - 1 to 211 - 9 - both eoin morgan and jos buttler were out first ball .
media playback is not supported on this device
faull was part of the famous british and irish lions side who beat new zealand in auckland in 1959 .
chris weir said she and her husband colin were ` ` tickled pink '' when they realised they had scooped tuesday 's jackpot .
the 21-year - old had been at hednesford town on loan this season , but has experience in the fifth tier with southport and wrexham .
in there , they can read books , watch television and play computer games .
pakistan 's 42-year - old test captain misbah - ul - haq and 40-year - old batsman younis khan complete the list .
ms glass , mp for north west durham , has been shadow minister for europe and a shadow junior education minister .
they are accused of kidnapping , torturing , and killing left - wing activists under the country 's military rule between 1976 and 1983 .
it will take a while for supporters and other leaders of the all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam party , or aiadmk , to come to terms with the huge void created by the death of jayalalitha , one of india 's most flamboyant and controversial leaders .
the next public consultation in the greater manchester spatial framework -lrb- gmsf -rrb- scheme was due in september but may not be published until summer 2018 .
st helens clinical commissioning group -lrb- ccg -rrb- in merseyside could suspend all non - essential hospital referrals for four months during the winter .
adrian ismay , 52 , was seriously hurt after a booby - trap device exploded under his van in belfast on 4 march .
performers from the comic opera l'elisir d'amore gathered outside the bow street venue in full costume at 20:30 bst , alongside members of the audience .
they ' ve kicked up a stink with their council , who ' ve decided to use the liquid to kill weeds around the city .
the lancastria troopship was carrying between 6,000 and 9,000 people when it was sunk by german dive bombers on 17 june 1940 .
rochus misch was the last survivor from hitler 's bunker in berlin .
the animal charity said there were 297 convictions last year in wales , a rise of 20 % , following an increase in the number of animal welfare cases reported .
the increase of 15,000 seeking work was precisely matched , according to the office for national statistics survey , by the fall of 15,000 in the number of scots seeking work at some point during the spring months .
the france player 's emoji was shown on advertising boards around the pitch in his side 's 1 - 1 draw with liverpool .
the woman , named only as uzma , was escorted across the wagah border by indian high commission officials .
lance corporal joseph scott pemberton was convicted of killing jennifer laude in a hotel room in olongapo city , north - west of manila , last year .
sir christopher pitchford , the inquiry 's chairman , said he recognised the public interest in proceedings being ` ` as open as possible '' .
when adidas , gazprom , hyundai - kia , mcdonald 's , budweiser , coca - cola and visa signed their deals , they would have envisaged seeing their brands beamed into millions of households around the world .
the draft guidelines propose that two doctors rather than one should make the assessment .
the 20-year - old was shot in malvern road in kilburn , north - west london , on friday night and later pronounced dead at the scene .
they include 14 olympians , four of them gold medallists , along with two rio 2016 paralympic champions .
the 47-year - old kerr , who presently coaches stirling university 's lowland league men 's side , will take over from finland - bound anna signeul in june .
india 's greatest leader had moved to a village called segaon two years earlier .
gino asquith was born on 9 november 2014 , but died three days later .
jack sexty , 25 , from bristol , bounced non - stop on the spot for 10 hours 21 minutes at an event in philadelphia .
charity twelves company , based in devon , said it had turned away 112 people seeking support in 2015 .
us researchers say the slow - is - more - accurate rule generally applies .
news agency afp said 10 people have been affected by e. coli in bordeaux .
land and housing minister anna tibaijuka had not shown ` ` due diligence '' when she took the money , he said .
media playback is not supported on this device
chapelcross , near annan , is one of five sites being considered but is the only one north of the border .
scientists believe the drug , metformin , may mimic the effects of extreme calorie restriction .
murray , who won the men 's doubles at the australian open , is made an obe .
the man died in inverness on 27 october this year .
from implementing plans to further grow their companies , to dealing with the likely problems that will need to be overcome , this is the time of year when forward planning is the centre of attention .
it is the second successive time the area has been at the bottom of the scottish index of multiple deprivation -lrb- simd -rrb- , which is published every four years .
for most footballers , the recovery time they get after training and between matches usually means plenty of golf , or computer games .
it means bloggers with more than 3,000 daily readers must register with the mass media regulator , roskomnadzor , and conform to the regulations that govern the country 's larger media outlets .
tomasz raszkiewicz ` ` forcibly lunged '' at lucasz gal 's mother as she held him in her arms , causing the baby to fracture his skull on a door .
a police source told bbc radio wm a passenger was seen pouring a liquid into a box , which then started smoking .
management body nhs employers has given the plan the green light after advisers said there were a range of extra tasks they could do with more training .
bill cosby 77 was to have been streamed from 27 november .
the newry firm had been run by its founder lord ballyedmond , until his death in a helicopter crash in march .
the 34-year - old was in intensive care in a swiss hospital and an mri scan detected bleeding on the brain .
when only the top two went through from each group , you could generally expect to meet another good team as soon as you reached the knockout stage .
the 66-year - old , of ballybinaby , hackballscross , county louth , faces nine tax charges at the republic of ireland 's special criminal court .
bailey gwynne died after being stabbed in the heart at cults academy in october .
alistair spagnoletti , 21 , of luton , and curtis walker , 23 , of watford , pleaded guilty to controlling a child at harrow crown court .
in a statement to its members , the british racing drivers club -lrb- brdc -rrb- said it has ` ` decided to shelve discussions about a sale '' of silverstone circuit .
sharad bheswakar , top cricketer and sporting icon in nepal , is not actually a nepali .
the think tank 's uk growth forecast for 2016 has been cut from 2.3 % to 1.9 % , and from 2.6 % to just 0.4 % for 2017 .
polling booths opened at 07:00 bst in the area 's 15 constituencies , with results expected to be declared after midnight .
christopher nolan won best director , and also received the film magazine 's ` ` inspiration '' award .
the competition finishes on 29 may in the same stadium .
the claim : england and wales have the highest incarceration rate per head of the population in western europe .
his left - wing social democrat party -lrb- psd -rrb- had accused him of failing to carry out necessary economic reforms .
however the spanish champions insisted they had not committed any offence .
the runaway critter was spotted on top of the house in cambridgeshire .
the move would reverse a long - held policy of not naming alleged war criminals in the syrian conflict .
in a wide - ranging interview with the bbc he discusses a number of cricketing issues , including his concerns for the future of test cricket and next summer 's ashes series in england .
the 20-year - old has made seven senior appearances for rovers so far in his career .
sports minister dayasiri jayasekera said a suspected bookmaker had approached two sri lankan players ahead of the match to try to convince them to under - perform and lose the match .
british sliders have won medals at all six olympics in which the sport has featured , and in yarnold and amy williams , team gb can boast back - to - back olympic champions .
the full - back for pro12 side scarlets appeared with four team - mates in fancy dress where he posed as wilfried bony .
wisley property investments is hoping to build homes , shops , a school , health centre and sports pitch on the former wisley airfield site .
the suspension came a day after germany 's lufthansa said it would suspend its services to the country .
israel made ` ` substantial efforts '' to avoid civilian deaths , it said .
about 50 arrived in the city in may and the families have spent the last three months settling in to their new lives .
writing in the wall street journal , mike pence said the religious freedom restoration act -lrb- rfra -rrb- had been ` ` grossly misconstrued '' as anti - gay .
shenzhen prosecutors , late on thursday , said a dispatcher and supervisor of the landfill , the chief and deputy manager of a company in charge of it , and seven other people were arrested .
the leading human rights charity said the deal failed to hide the eu 's ` ` dogged determination to turn its back on a global refugee crisis '' .
an image of one of the victims - a young boy lying face down on the beach - has sparked an international outcry over the human cost of the crisis .
the proposal concerns routes that make up the belfast rapid transit -lrb- brt -rrb- plan .
home retail group said that like - for - like sales at argos fell 1.1 % in the eight weeks to 27 february , compared to a fall of 2.2 % in the previous quarter .
spotlight : a woman alone with the ira investigated the republican movement 's handling of sexual abuse allegations against a suspected ira member .
it followed soon after an apparent industrial relations dispute at de la salle college in andersonstown .
media playback is not supported on this device
homes have been added to my nhs , part the nhs choices site , allowing users to leave ratings and reviews to help other people assess services .
video footage showed the singer striking a photographer with his car after he left a service at the city church in los angeles on wednesday .
mobile operators , culture secretary maria miller and communications regulator ofcom will discuss bringing forward the allocation of spectrum to allow faster mobile download speeds .
in a tweet , eastleigh candidate patricia culligan claimed a liberal democrat standing in another seat ` ` deliberately became hiv positive yet free nhs care v costly '' .
united , who registered only one shot on target , fell behind when alejandro dominguez diverted home giannis maniatis 's effort before the break .
the 79-year - old was held on monday on suspicion of murdering 14-year - old elsie frost in october 1965 .
sarries ' australian lock skelton slapped the gb olympic sevens rio silver medallist in the face late in the 22 - 22 european champions cup draw .
the government announced in 2014 that it wanted to build a tunnel alongside the world heritage site .
13 august 2016 last updated at 10:12 bst
unless of course you are one of the 90 mlas who - according to the belfast telegraph - are set to get a pay rise .
south shields will host the tie , which takes place on 19 august , with kick - off at 12:30 bst .
the injured bird was found by a walker in hall lane , blubberhouses , on sunday .
but the council is to set up a group to ` ` resolve outstanding design issues '' .
her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary said some forces are ` ` downgrading '' 999 calls , in order to justify responding to them more slowly .
in his most outspoken comments yet , mr ahmadinejad told cnn : ` ` nobody has the right to kill others , neither the government nor its opponents . ''
sgt jon harris had been sent to an alleged assault in the waterloo bar in argyle street on wednesday night .
the 42-year - old had regained the lead from frenchman armel le cléac ` h , but was second as he passed the halfway mark just off new zealand 's south island .
llandeilo residents have been demanding action for more than 40 years .
cycling 's governing body the uci found the 19-year - old 's spare bike contained a motor at january 's cyclo - cross world championships in belgium .
secretary - general jens stoltenberg said russia had not provided ` ` any real explanation '' of the violation , which ` ` lasted for a long time . ''
the 20-year - old england international passed a medical and agreed personal terms with the club on thursday in a deal reported to be worth # 20 m .
prison inspectors discovered the average period of stay at the facility near gatwick airport had risen from 28 to 48 days .
by law , he must stand down as president in 2013 , having completed two consecutive terms as president of the former soviet republic .
jamie peacock , kevin sinfield and kylie leuluai ended their rugby league playing careers with the 22 - 20 win over wigan warriors at old trafford , which completed leeds ' domestic treble .
anthony storrie died on 30 june 2013 at the royal alexandra hospital in paisley after taking ` ` n - bombs '' .
the latest threats bring the number of incidents to 69 in 27 states in the past month , according to the jcc association of north america .
joel andresier , 39 , from southampton , said the pushchair had been covered in ` ` pretty much every bodily fluid known to science '' by his three children .
the england and wales cricket board made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches and rhodes says it has already made a difference .
mohammad baqer qalibaf said judiciary chief ayatollah sadeq larijani had agreed to contribute towards the cost .
the lawsuit filed in a federal court in san francisco argues that the policy is unconstitutional .
its shares slid 7.6 % to their lowest level since march , and the company was the biggest faller on the ftse 100 , the uk 's main share index .
a police source told the bbc that an infiltrator from the taliban had allowed militants into the police station in the regional capital of lashkar gah last night .
police in hamelin , in lower saxony , say the woman 's ex - partner later handed himself in to authorities .
the three - time champion jockey , 32 , has not put a timescale on his return to the saddle .
chris maguire struck a brilliant free - kick from 23 yards in stoppage time to give the u 's victory .
10 june 2016 last updated at 11:03 bst
the body was found near heanor memorial park in derbyshire .
an all - party group has called on the uk government to consider devolving some immigration control .
facebook has been offering the service for its employees in the us since the start of this year .
zipporah lisle - mainwaring , 71 , was accused of painting the candy stripes to ` ` get her own back '' on neighbours who objected to her property plans .
the move is seen as vital to getting stormont 's budget on a sustainable footing .
rtl claims baysilone , normally associated with the oil or rubber industries , was found in a breakdown of the implant , made by poly implant prothese -lrb- pip -rrb- .
after chewing through five prime ministers in as many years , the world is left wondering whether malcolm turnbull will soon be mauled too .
about 2,000 plants were found behind the former blockbuster premises in kirkgate after a phone call to police about suspicious activity in the area .
healthwatch england put in a freedom of information request and found psychiatric patients now spend six fewer days in hospital than in 2012 - 13 .
a point in bosnia - herzegovina on saturday or at home to andorra three days later would see wales end their 57-year absence from major tournaments .
father benedict seed , 83 , denies the charges , which include striking pupils aged between 11 and 18 with a cane and a spiked golf shoe in the 70s and 80s .
alexander enoch built his robot , called marty , as a low - cost tool to inspire interest in programming and robotics while studying at edinburgh university .
giovanni dixon , 17 , of norwood , stabbed james hunter in the heart after the 18-year - old tried to protect his friend .
waites thrashed jeff smith 7 - 1 in sunday 's final at lakeside .
riders have already won this season 's bbl trophy and the league title .
toilet roll , chocolate biscuits , orange juice and antibacterial wipes were all on the list of shrinking items reported by which ?
the 33-year - old was injured at colchester police station in essex during a struggle when he grabbed hold of a toilet bowl in his cell .
the three - week trial on the 23.4 m long ` up ' escalator at holborn station is taking place during peak hours .
sean corrigan , 31 , was found at a flat in st mary 's garden and later died in hospital .
in their broad shade , there is another familiar sight : lines of men , in plastic chairs , most of them jobless .
the picture above would certainly make you think so .
firefighters were called to the scene in craigton place , winchburgh , at about 01:30 after a wheelie bin was set on fire .
a boiler house was set for demolition by coleman & company when it collapsed at the site in february .
the security breach led to the possible theft of bitcoin worth $ 65 m -lrb- Â # 49 m -rrb- .
support workers believe that a report on children abused in the town between 1997 and 2013 may have under - estimated the number because it was unlikely to include the experiences of asian girls .
dilapidated windows at hmp pentonville are worsening a drug problem at the london jail , its independent monitoring board -lrb- imb -rrb- said in a report .
washing his own training kit and playing on sloping pitches is a world away from the life to which he had become accustomed during his career , much of which was spent in england 's top two divisions .
the former montana congressman and navy seal rode through downtown washington atop a 17-year - old irish sport horse named tonto .
the so - called new deal will reshape how they are trained as their career develops and help them to deliver the new ` ` made in wales curriculum '' .
it was originally thought 60 people died when a government - allied militia tried to take over the brak al - shati base on thursday .
it will be the robot 's first foray into healthcare after previous deployments in shopping centres , banks and train stations .
the lionesses will face norway on sunday 22 january and sweden two days later with both games in murcia .
there were goals galore , with champions leicester putting four past pep guardiola 's manchester city and watford and burnley both scoring three times in their wins over everton and bournemouth respectively .
the uk renewable energy roadmap says measures being introduced will ` ` ensure that low - carbon electricity from a diverse range of sources ... becomes a more attractive choice for investors , delivering long - term change while minimising cost to the consumer '' .
spaniard valdes , 34 , has made eight appearances for liege since joining in january , helping them win the belgian cup final in march , but is currently injured .
the briton , who rides for team sky , posted a picture on twitter of his damaged bike and reported the incident to local police in southern france .
emergency crews were alerted to the blaze in small heath , birmingham , at about 21:00 gmt on monday .
the starter at the gailes course was calling monty to arms for his second round of the day .
here is her life in pictures :
in a trading statement , the supermarket said its uk like - for - like sales were up 0.3 % in the 13 weeks to 28 may .
three sightings have been reported in recent days , in laugharne , carmarthenshire , north pembrokeshire and anglesey .
a rare magnitude - four earthquake hit greenland 's west coast on sunday , producing a surge of water that swept away homes and led to reports of a number of people missing .
fawzi al - odah , 37 , was released after a us review panel concluded he was not a ` ` continuing significant threat '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
however , they denied german media reports body parts of co - pilot andreas lubitz had been identified .
the mosque and imams national advisory board -lrb- minab -rrb- recognises the problem of abuse in the after school classes .
police closed the motorway in both directions near east midlands airport to allow ` ` a clear flight path '' for the plane , which landed safely on saturday .
the central bank voted unanimously to raise the key rate to a range of 0.5 % to 0.75 % , citing a stronger economic growth and rising employment .
using a pseudonym of his royal gingerness -lrb- hrg -rrb- , the hacker told the bbc he wanted to highlight the website 's ` ` vulnerability '' .
rspb scotland opposed the developments in the firth of forth and firth of tay over concerns for wildlife .
the money , from its # 74 m capital reserves , is the latest part of a # 13 m loan package to attract new airlines .
nearly 1.85 million requests for support were made last year , but just over 650,000 people received help .
the cels , from the 1937 release snow white and the seven dwarves , were brought along to a valuation day in leicestershire .
themes from star wars , jaws and indiana jones will also be played at the concert , on 20 july .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
this was the end of the road for wales in france but the ` red wall ' - as wales ' players have dubbed their supporters - was still roaring its encouragement at full volume .
persistent showers fell through the first half and the rain became extremely heavy during half - time and in the early stages of the second half .
yanis varoufakis last week confirmed that he worked on a contingency plan in case emergency funding to the greek financial system was cut off .
it was president hassan rouhani 's first reaction to the results of friday 's run - off election , in which moderates and reformists won a working majority .
a week of protests to coincide with the race began on friday , organised by the opposition to the ruling royal family .
the 24-year - old , who has won 21 caps , becomes manager alan pardew 's fifth signing of the summer .
ward , the world number 111 , recovered from two sets down to win 6 - 7 -lrb- 5 - 7 -rrb- 5 - 7 6 - 3 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 3 -rrb- 15 - 13 in glasgow .
jay bell 's actions on 26 july 2013 caused the infant to suffer brain bleeding , retinal haemorrhages and a broken rib and ankle .
welsh secretary stephen crabb was speaking after friday 's final televised debate before the election .
elisa bianco said she had just months to live and sally retallack funded a Â # 2,500 final trip for the 22-year - old , london 's appeal court heard .
st peter 's rc primary , firrhill high and braidburn special schools were built by the same contractor as oxgangs primary , which was closed on wednesday .
the welsh side lost their challenge cup crown after a 1 - 0 overtime loss to nottingham panthers in sunday 's final .
the summertime routes were due to end in late september but due to poor seat sales , the airline is stopping the service at the end of august .
many of the country 's 32 local authorities had voiced concerns about a 2 % fall in their income .
a porthcawl rnli crew with a medic and the coastguard search and rescue helicopter were sent to sker beach , near kenfig nature reserve , at 12:50 gmt on sunday .
the device was found at corfe mullen , dorset on tuesday morning .
charles raine , 66 , known as neville , and his nephew philip raine , 47 , were sentenced to three years in prison .
the woman was attacked by a man at st denys station in southampton just after 00:00 bst .
ab inbev on wednesday raised its offer for sab to # 42.15 a share , having previously bid # 38 and # 40 .
unions said the action could affect all of diageo 's 50 sites in scotland , as well as other locations in northern ireland and cheshire .
us rights are already with nbc universal at $ 83 m -lrb- # 53.2 m -rrb- a season .
today 's 30-something generation has missed out on house price increases and better pensions , according to research by the institute for fiscal studies .
andrew jones , 34 , was convicted of grievous bodily harm and robbery after he left reg stocking lying in a pool of blood in west bromwich .
he said payments to them for their image rights were ` ` the most significant risk in football '' faced by hmrc .
michelle mellotte , 61 , took the money from michael mcgrory in february 2010 , saying it would be repaid that summer .
they advocated positivity and harmony - expressed through the medium of funk .
rory mcwhirter , of edinburgh , collected identity details from people he had deceived into applying for fake jobs at a glasgow hotel .
to mark the poster launch natalie bennett , the party leader for england and wales , met up with parliamentary candidate caroline lucas in brighton .
ebac in newton aycliffe expects to make up to 300,000 washing machines a year once it is fully operational .
reports say the couple were beaten to death by hundreds of locals who then burned their bodies in the brick kiln where they worked in punjab province .
he said his party was on course to win its first ever seats in cardiff - where it is campaigning heavily - and in the northern ireland and london assemblies .
following flooding at brunton park , carlisle have three ` home ' fixtures at neutral grounds and beat notts county at preston 's deepdale on saturday .
with a theme of ` we are one ' , the parade was led by mary ellen campbell , belfast 's first openly gay deputy mayor .
he argued that you can only have a vibrant west end if you ' ve got a strong regional base developing the talent and he sees no reason why so much more arts funding goes into london per head of population than it does to the regions .
real madrid 's gareth bale will hope to prove his fitness and win a third european major title in his home town on saturday , 3 june and watching with interest will be another high profile cardiff - born football figure .
wildsmith , a product of the club 's academy , has made 18 appearances for the owls in all competitions .
the falls came after the head of the eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers suggested that the cyprus model , which involves a tax on bank deposits , could form a template in any future bailout .
a total of 387 people were arrested between february 2016 and february 2017 - up from 255 the previous year .
i can not see these women but i hear them fighting to reach the mobile phone that belongs to the inmate that i am on the phone with .
yvonne mosquito , the west midlands deputy pcc , was suspended after visiting a murder victim 's family without informing officers .
the election was called after mayor lutfur rahman was convicted of electoral fraud and removed from office in april .
fleetwood shot a four - under - par 68 to keep pace with fellow overnight leader brooks koepka at erin hills , while harman carded a 67 to lead on 12 under .
ryan walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the edinburgh festival in 2015 .
ruth carr attacked alan allan , 34 , at about 09:00 on 25 january last year after an argument .
humberto benitez trevino 's daughter caused outrage by using his influence to try to close down the bistro after it did not give her a table she wanted .
un ambassador nikki haley said it was ` ` hard to accept '' that resolutions had been passed against israel , a us ally , but none were considered on venezuela .
justine curran said the force had to restrict leave during summer and christmas for operational reasons .
thames valley police caught 12 drivers on the a34 and m40 in oxfordshire using phones on a single day during the operation .
sir kevin has referred himself to the parliamentary commissioner for standards , kathryn hudson .
the controversial new security bill is expected to be approved by president recep tayyip erdogan .
west midlands police said the man had been detained in reading and the woman in wokingham by counter - terrorism officers at about 19:30 bst .
the capsule , a metal box about the size of a shoe box , was discovered buried deep inside part of ruthven road bridge near kingussie in the cairngorms .
two of those on board have been named locally as kevin and ruth burke from hulcote , near milton keynes .
the sturgeon , named steve , swam out of world of water in romsey , hampshire when it was inundated by flood water in early february .
the dow jones industrial average ended 11.23 points ahead at 19,945 .
taylor , who also managed england from 1990 until 1993 , died on 12 january , aged 72 .
ministers want all pupils in england to study maths , english , science , one of history or geography and a modern language at gcse .
media playback is not supported on this device
kazi islam was said to have used ` ` flattery and threats '' in exchanges on social media to try to persuade harry thomas to kill two soldiers and buy ingredients for a pipe bomb .
frank field , who is backing the leave campaign , will say the 23 june poll poses ` ` an untold danger '' for his party 's prospects of power .
many more are feared trapped under rubble after hundreds of buildings collapsed .
the reaction to taylor 's death on thursday at the age of 72 , and the affection expressed for him , was the true measure of his standing inside and outside football .
the sceptics insist that growth has been largely jobless and deepened inequality in an already hierarchical society .
visitors to jane austen 's house museum , in chawton , hampshire , can view a rarely seen letter in which austen says the novel is ` ` my own darling child '' .
carnival had said in march that the sinking of its costa concordia cruises ship in january could wipe out profits this year as people shunned cruises .
healthcare improvement scotland said several senior charge nurses and clinical service managers across three wards raised issues during an inspection visit .
a frozen corner at stade jean - bouin meant the game began 95 minutes after the scheduled kick - off time .
forty - nine children died and more than 70 were seriously injured when flames spread through the abc nursery , which did not have an emergency exit .
a 5 ft x 3 ft -lrb- 1.5 m x 1 m -rrb- void appeared on whitworth street on sunday , resulting in the road 's closure between princess street and oxford street .
the firm announced it had switched on its service in 130 additional countries .
his decision to replace chief whip dame rosie winterton with nick brown was met with some surprise last week .
the choir was established by henry viii in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults .
a report said the force was inadequate at protecting vulnerable victims .
mae gan gymru a rhannau eraill o ' r du rai o ' r cyfraddau goresgyn canser gwaethaf yn y byd datblygedig .
haseeb hamayoon , 28 , sent the image to friends and a co - accused branding the officer ` ` kaffir '' - non - believer - london 's woolwich crown court was told .
the presidential poll will take place next month and uhuru kenyatta is seeking re - election .
mr banks said ex - leader nigel farage was ukip 's ` ` biggest asset '' and should be ` ` engaged once again '' .
the 56 ft -lrb- 17.1 m -rrb- converted trawler was 6 miles -lrb- 10 km -rrb- west of south stack when the crew radioed coastguards at 07:00 bst .
two serving police officers , a retired police officer , a current pilot and a retired pilot were arrested as part of a south yorkshire police investigation .
louise richardson said terror groups were characterised by a ` ` highly oversimplified view of the world '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
the shadow attorney general apologised for the message , which showed a terraced house with three england flags , and a white van parked outside .
the company had been chosen by kpmg as preferred bidders last month .
francois hollande was taking part in a ceremony to mark 70 years since allied troops liberated the last nazi camps at the end of world war two .
mr sarao , who traded from his parents ' home in hounslow , west london , is accused of market manipulation that caused a 1,000-point fall on the us dow jones index in 2010 .
the man , who was from staffordshire , collapsed while riding on the a5 near chirk , wrexham , at about 10:45 bst on sunday .
mutations of the nr5a1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men , reports the american journal of human genetics .
councils in england are facing a # 1.1 bn shortfall this year , on top of ` ` almost unendurable '' cuts since 2010 , the association of directors of adult social services has warned .
the way we work , play and live with robots is changing .
by studying cubes of sand in the lab , they showed that areas squeezed by vertical stress are protected from erosion , while others wash away .
north wales police said the group damaged windows at the mold branch before damaging cars elsewhere .
french europe minister harlem desir called the move ` ` scandalous '' and said it raised questions about the eu 's conflict of interest rules .
the images were all taken from midday - to - midday on 16 and 17 april and the contest was open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone .
jamie bishop , who was 44 , was a left - handed batsman who also represented wales at minor county level .
sabah saleem , 11 , and three - year - old rayhan were hit by a car driven by 37-year - old mohammed khalil anwar on brudenell road in august 2012 .
a spokesman said they are currently trying to work out how many were sold in each national market .
the 25-year - old , who suffered an ankle injury in january which ruled him out for the remainder of the season , has been linked with a move away from st mary 's .
the edinburgh - based group said profit increased by 22.6 % to # 31.5 m , while revenues were down 6.8 % , to # 242.3 m.
an overrunning engineering project shut the line between reading and london paddington at the end of last year .
brian steele , 13 at the time of the 1989 tragedy , said he did not see 15-year - old philip after the crush began .
the slide , set up in shore road , swanage , for the swanage carnival , came loose at about 13:40 bst .
the name of each cat killed by robert farmer , 26 , was read out to him by the judge in santa clara superior court .
anna o'flanagan , katie mullan and zoe wilson netted the goals for the irish who had beaten wales in the semi - finals .
owners the british racing drivers ' club says it can not afford to host the race after 2019 unless a new deal is agreed .
ms villiers made the remarks the day after 10 police officers were injured during a riot in east belfast .
midfielder mcclean and goalkeepers randolph and doyle have linked up with the squad after a three - day training camp in fota island near cork .
the dow jones fell 23.15 points to 18,529.42 .
a number of men , two of them believed to have been carrying guns , forced their way into the property at oakfield drive shortly after 20:00 gmt on saturday .
a passer - by found the man , who has not been named but was in his 30s , off promenade street in heywood at about 23:25 gmt on thursday .
the treasury says abolishing the grants , or bursaries , will allow many more nurses to be trained .
dufner shot a second successive seven - under - par round of 65 for a tournament record 36-hole total of 14 under par .
media playback is not supported on this device
domenico masciopinto , 35 , was sentenced to 14 years in 2012 for drug - dealing .
the 33-year - old , leading after friday 's dressage , delivered a fault - free cross - country round on his mount la biosthetique .
between them , the 66 state - school pupils will receive scholarships worth $ 17 m -lrb- Â # 12 m -rrb- from us universities .
sixty teams submitted plans for clandon park house in surrey , which was reduced to a charred shell in 2015 .
the video shows three men and three unveiled women dancing to the song on the streets and rooftops of tehran .
team sky 's gianni moscon is facing disciplinary action from team sky after it emerged he used racially abusive language towards fdj 's kevin reza at the end of friday 's stage three .
fifty people were on the first great western rail replacement service from oxford to didcot when it was hit at drayton , at 00:30 gmt .
the tinbergen building , which houses the departments of zoology and experimental psychology , will be closed from monday .
the city 's mayor , joao doria , said he did not want to see an ` ` open - air shopping mall for drugs '' .
in the annual presidential speech to congress , mr humala said he aimed to cut peru 's poverty to 15 % by the end of his term in 2016 .
at the close the dow was 0.1 % lower at 19,918 , the broader s&p 500 was down 0.2 % at 2,260 and the nasdaq was 0.4 % lower at 5,447 .
ibrahim halawa has been detained in an egyptian prison for more than three years .
a darragh leader try helped connacht lead after jeff hassler 's early home score but touchdowns by ashley beck and alan wyn jones put the ospreys 24 - 8 up .
the work , entitled duality , is formed of diptychs , with each person posed in their own clothing and their workwear .
saints had the better of a scrappy first - half , after jonny lomax crossed on the back of penalty goals apiece for both sides .
the richmond park and north kingston mp said he was ` ` honoured '' after winning 70 % of the 9,227 votes cast using an online primary system .
the crash happened on monday in nord troendelag county , 700 km north of oslo .
the 13-month - old was found with serious injuries at her home in barrow in december 2012 .
he was put on a flight from paris to moscow on tuesday evening , the french interior ministry said .
a new report published by the corporation showed licence money spending had a positive knock - on effect for regional economies .
navalny had denied the charges , saying the trial was politically motivated .
16 january 2017 last updated at 17:18 gmt
three giants ' forwards jonathan boxill , craig peacock and colin shields make the 22-man squad while netminder stephen murphy returns after injury .
the charles dickens museum in london has been given the grant to buy the desk and chair , which has always been in private ownership .
for decades , large numbers of haitians have migrated - many of them without papers - to the dominican republic , to escape the poverty and lack of employment in their homeland .
the ministry of defence has outlined a third round of 5,300 army redundancies to be set out in june , as it tries to reduce the number of regulars from 102,000 to 82,000 by 2017 .
the italian , who won last month 's fifa elections to succeed sepp blatter , inaugurated the facility in the war - torn country 's capital juba .
the unseeded serb won 4 - 6 6 - 3 6 - 4 against the seventh seed to cause the first major upset of the tournament .
each year the library chooses films for preservation which are ` ` culturally , historically or aesthetically significant '' .
but now , for the first time , the dirt has been dug up by archaeologists eager to find out more about our ancestors .
the first minister signed a memorandum of understanding -lrb- mou -rrb- with sinofortone and another chinese firm in march .
the un office on drugs and crime -lrb- unodc -rrb- said the area used to farm the poppy plant , the source of opium , increased by 10 % to 201,000 hectares .
clucas , 25 , joined hull from league one side chesterfield in july 2015 for a reported # 1.3 m .
luke judge , from cornwall , learned of rufa fahmi 's plight after meeting her uncle while volunteering in greece .
monarchs are the only insects to migrate such a vast distance .
the move would also ease the ` ` growing burden '' on politicians in cardiff bay as more power is devolved , the group 's wales director martin warren said .
the eaw is widely seen to have speeded up extradition proceedings in the eu , but there is also pressure to fix shortcomings in the system .
few details of the deal agreed by the russians and americans have been released .
the men , in their 20s , were stopped at aston quay in the city on friday , 29 july .
powys council revealed its preferred site , the cemetery car park on newtown road , at a machynlleth town council meeting last month .
the proposal , from the right - wing swiss people 's party , calls on switzerland to abandon its free movement of people treaty with the european union and introduce strict quotas on immigration .
guthrie , who scored 12 goals last season as the national league club lost to grimsby in the promotion final at wembley , has signed a two - year deal .
in the space of two months , the 25-year - old has become one of the most controversial politicians in hong kong - and is now pitted in a court battle against the hong kong and chinese governments - even though she has admitted it could bankrupt her .
lee radford 's side crossed eight times as they thrashed salford at home in their opening match of the season .
jordan hill , brittany covington and tesfaye cooper , all 18 , and tanishia covington , 24 , appeared in a chicago court on friday .
world road champion armitstead finished in the peloton to extend her overall lead over south africa 's ashleigh moolman - pasio to eight seconds .
the department for environment , food and rural affairs found the number had gone up by 200 million since 2013 .
northumbria police said a a 32-year - old man was charged with two counts of rape , two counts of sexual touching and one of sexual assault .
it was three tries apiece in the first half , wade scoring either side of will rowlands ' try , with josh adams going over twice after bryce heem 's score .
ms yellen said current valuations were ` ` quite high '' , but added she did not see any bubbles forming .
in the us it took $ 204.6 m -lrb- # 132 m -rrb- according to early estimates , making it the second biggest opening weekend ever just behind 2012 's marvel 's the avengers with $ 207.4 m -lrb- # 133.8 m -rrb- .
lieutenant colonel benedict tomkins , 49 , of defence , equipment and support , based at abbey wood , near bristol , is facing trial in the us .
jason james , 41 , of charles road , torquay , previously admitted manslaughter at winchester crown court .
contracts worth more than # 400,000 have been approved for works at slessor gardens and at the rear of the caird hall , as well as the replacement of dock gates at camperdown dock .
the fold - out note , penned by lennon when he was 11 years old , thanks his aunt harriet for presents she gave him , including a book about ships .
paula palmer said jewellery given to her by husband dennis on their wedding day was among the items stolen from the house in barnett road , brighton .
storms smashed a hole in the sea wall alongside the line above the seafront in dawlish , south devon in 2014 .
as part of the deal , the firm was meant to have built a saw line by friday .
the largest amount , of more than # 100,000 , was awarded to the grade i - listed st michael 's church in munslow , to fund work to its roof and stonework .
isle of wight council tried to fine jon platt Â # 120 for taking his daughter to florida during the school term .
most tax accountants would advise a wealthy family on ` ` gifts '' - payments of money - to their children and how to ensure they are not liable for inheritance tax by making payments in tranches to avoid breaching tax thresholds .
hull city council had hoped the decorative stones would help raise the profile of those in the city who were visually impaired .
scientists have found that two types of chemicals called neonicotinoids and coumaphos are interfering with the insect 's ability to learn and remember .
biker mark smith said he was told he would no longer be served at the royal oak at ulley , near rotherham .
tony hogg , who was elected in november 2012 , made the announcement on his website and said he was ` ` proud of his achievements '' .
the code received widespread support during consultation and was unanimously approved by the scottish parliament .
the chinese - made aircraft went down in the andaman sea on 7 june with no survivors .
towns and cities along the baltic coast were flooded , from kiel in the far north to the resort island of usedom near the polish border .
the semi - final between liverpool and nottingham forest took place on saturday 15 april , 1989 .
mencap president lord rix urged the speaker of the house of lords to push through legislation allowing those in his situation to be assisted to die .
learning partnership west runs job clubs , provides mentoring and support and manages adventure playgrounds in a Â # 3 m contract from bristol city council .
accompanied by the youth music voices choir , walsh and boe will debut their version of the classic queen track on 11 may at london 's royal albert hall .
the one - year - old livestock - a mixture of cheviot and black face sheep - were taken from the coltfield area between wednesday and thursday .
the 29-year - old was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and wounding with intent .
now , the community is turning to introspection .
the children , who had previously lived in areas controlled by boko haram , were held in a military barracks in the north - eastern city of maiduguri , a un spokesman told the bbc .
jose manuel barroso said britain could not negotiate with the us and china ` ` on an equal footing '' on its own .
green scored 13 goals as the stags just missed out on the league two play - offs .
in 2014 , 27 motorcyclists were killed and the number of serious injuries also rose from 507 to 514 in the year up to september 2015 .
marco goncalves , 34 , assaulted the referee after being sent off in last month 's game against rio tinto , and was escorted off the pitch by police .
lucas has had two previous spells with the national league side this season , scoring three goals in 10 appearances .
the protesters have built barricades and occupied key road junctions , and want to replace the government with an unelected ` ` people 's council '' .
it says it has received more than 1,000 complaints about calls and texts this year .
the 22-year - old has scored 11 times in 18 games in the seventh tier this season and will join the premier league champions ' under-23 side for the rest of the season .
pundits and election wags love to talk about the so - called ` ` october surprise '' - a last - minute revelation that turns an election upside down .
but this is where you find the alleged mastermind of turkey 's failed coup , the islamic cleric fethullah gulen .
glasgow - based photographer craig mann , whose work usually features landscapes from around the world , used photoshop to make the pictures .
alexandra north , 25 , a zoology graduate from swindon , beat about 150 applicants to land the # 24,000-a - year role with suffolk wildlife trust .
kent closed on 288 - 5 , a lead of 437 , opting not to set essex a target .
latest figures show the the nursing and midwifery vacancy rate stands at 4.5 % - the highest ever reported .
four officers were injured when the met 's flying squad swooped on the men in piccadilly at 11:25 bst .
paul wilmott , 63 , died in the explosion at his home in haxby , near york , on 19 february 2016 , which was caused by the fracture of a corroded gas pipe .
russia has sent a super - tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 68-year - old dutchman was appointed in march , when the black cats were one point above the relegation zone .
the pacaya volcano began spewing ash and lava after a powerful explosion on saturday afternoon .
a stake in a local energy business could cost from just Â # 5 , and the industry says it could generate an annual return of between 6 % and 9 % .
shaun moth posted abuse about mikaeel kular on the social networking site the day before the three - year - old boy 's body was found in a wood in kirkcaldy .
third seed murray plays italian 25th seed andreas seppi in the third match on centre court at around 17:00 bst .
aberdeenshire - based harbro group saw pre - tax profit increase by # 800,000 , to # 3.5 m , in the year to the end of june 2016 .
sayes court will double in size and provide an additional 210 places by september 2015 .
it will also investigate claims about money contained in an isle of man bank account .
monday 's dublin meeting is part of an assembly external affairs committee inquiry and is on the day the uk begins the process of leaving the eu .
15 february 2017 last updated at 12:57 gmt
superted was born in south wales as a book , before becoming a much - loved tv series on both sides of the atlantic .
the 30-year - old looked relaxed while sitting on the 3.1 m -lrb- 10 ft -rrb- crocodile , removed from a trap in darwin harbour .
mr navalny could now be barred from running in the moscow mayoral election set for september .
scotland yard said the 37-year - old was held at his home address under section 41 of the terrorism act 2000 .
otters were declared extinct on the japanese islands by its ministry of the environment in august 2012 .
the agreement appears to bring to an end a bitter dispute between the coalition and the afghan government .
the baggies took the lead before the break when saido berahino finished well , before craig dawson doubled the lead in the 54th minute with a header .
calling it ` ` the hardest decision i ' ve ever made , '' an emotional mr key said : ` ` i do n't know what i 'll do next . ''
the pilot was flying solo during a training flight on thursday and radioed for assistance while returning to raf leeming in north yorkshire .
lara clarke , an amateur baker from the west midlands , has baked this special harry potter cake .
the university of essex study of 712 italian - american mafia members in the 1960s showed their income had risen by 7.5 - 8 .5 % per extra year of education .
both sides had chances before the pars ' ryan wallace drilled a low shot into the bottom corner with 15 minutes left .
media playback is not supported on this device
ansar al - sharia demanded the authorities release islamist fighters from jail in exchange for the soldiers ' safe return .
judge carlos castro martins reversed the order he had issued in september , which had barred any work on the belo monte dam that interfered with the natural flow of the xingu river .
across the uk there were 96,910 residential transactions in june , on a seasonally - adjusted basis .
marcy smith was woken up by her son david to find their house in glovertown , newfoundland and labrador , completely engulfed in flames .
their 367-run partnership in a 425 - 1 total - the second highest in list a games - saw the lions beat sri lanka a.
clarkie and melanie killen became the first father and daughter to officiate a senior game in ireland , according to the north west cricket union .
luke gale put tigers ahead , grounding a loose ball after salford failed to handle a high kick .
northumberland county council said the weather was now warm enough for its jetpatcher machines to tackle the holes .
cornish - born glover was meant to be back with winning partner heather stanning , but
phase one of the project will take 10 weeks to complete and will see demolition of the rear function room of the ship and anchor pub .
attention is focusing on how khalid masood was able to enter the carriage gates entrance of parliament before he was confronted and subsequently shot .
mcmanus netted from close range on the quarter - hour mark to open the scoring and ross forbes ' deflected strike quickly doubled morton 's lead .
the number two seeds completed a 44 - 38 victory over china , who were champions in london four years ago .
the trunk road drops from 150 m -lrb- 492 ft -rrb- to 20 m -lrb- 65 ft -rrb- as it enters a valley at the braes in caithness .
convicted criminal steven johnson had been wanted since january 2014 after breaching the terms of his parole .
the move comes barely two weeks after the nff opened an investigation into reports that keshi applied to manage ivory coast while under a valid contract with nigeria .
valery gergiev , a supporter of russia 's president vladimir putin , conducted the mariinsky symphony orchestra , from st petersburg , at palmyra 's roman theatre .
the research firm warns he could disrupt the global economy and heighten political and security risks in the us .
the joiners arms , in hackney road , east london , shut in 2015 .
it said the memory chips from the su-24 bomber downed on the syrian border were destroyed or badly damaged .
the ` ` ipitch '' at the stobart stadium was criticised by former warrington full - back richie mathers , who posted images of grazes to his body on twitter .
it follows a long dispute over the future of education in the town , which would see the tasker milward and sir thomas picton schools shut down .
five people died and dozens were hurt after an attacker - now named as khalid masood - drove a car on a pavement , stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of parliament .
the company reported profits of $ 98 m -lrb- # 65 m -rrb- for the quarter , after posting a big loss for the same period last year .
the force backed down from its policy of arming some officers for routine duties following a backlash last year .
volunteers were asked to act as traffic wardens at tilbury pioneer academy in essex in september 2015 .
beth potter , laura muir and callum hawkins sealed early places .
for the past 31 years , the european union has had quotas , or limits , on how much milk farmers can produce .
organisers of the magical journey , at the belfry golf club , near sutton coldfield , said they had ` ` no alternative '' after a ` ` key financial backer dropped out '' .
mr trump pointed to the fact that during the caucus the cruz campaign told voters rival ben carson planned to quit the race , which was not true .
on a number of occasions concerns were raised about the little boy , who was only two - and - a - half - years old when he died .
celebrations are taking place in the west bank town where it is believed that jesus was born .
the 16-year - old boy was arrested at his home in the borough of lewisham on suspicion of affray at intu bromley .
little is beyond their reach .
sepsis can lead to shock and rapid organ failure following an infection .
a horse - drawn chaise post retraced the route taken in 1815 from old royal naval college , in greenwich , to st james 's square , where news from belgium was delivered to the prince regent .
at least five members of an oil exploration team were killed , a spokesman for the university of maiduguri said .
theresa may told the commons it was a 100 % failure rate , as all of the samples submitted so far since the grenfell tower fire had failed .
the round # 1 will be legal tender alongside the new , more - secure coin until 15 october .
rafa benitez 's ill - fated reign had left los blancos trailing both atletico madrid and barcelona in la liga , with points dropped in four of their previous eight games and memories still fresh of a humiliating 4 - 0 home thrashing by barca .
north wales police claimed owen jones , 52 , of caernarfon , gwynedd , was not fit to hold a firearms certificate after officers looked at his profile .
the council of europe 's commissioner for human rights said budget cuts can not be used as an excuse for not upholding the rule of law .
the
the 32-year - old former england right - back joined the potters from liverpool in 2015 and has made 50 appearances in all competitions .
gordon thomson , 37 , said he splashed two basins of water on russell findlay after the incident outside his home .
the 21-year - old has been playing in the glasgow first team since 2012 and made his senior international debut the following year .
police were called to station road , wood green , at about 03:20 bst after receiving reports of a stabbing outside the jolly anglers public house .
british transport police -lrb- btp -rrb- said the incident happened at the gipsy lane level crossing , needham market , near ipswich at about 14:00 bst .
` ` it 's great that we are attracting players of mandy 's calibre to the club , '' manager kelly chambers said .
johnston 's goal put kilcoo 1 - 6 to 0 - 6 up early in the second half and was always likely to prove decisive in such a low - scoring contest .
about 80,000 works of art , ceramics , manuscripts , letters and photographs faced being auctioned to help pay off the pottery firm 's pension debt .
salva kiir issued a decree dismissing all ministers and deputy ministers , as well as vice - president riek machar .
when i caught up with gavin robinson in the leafy streets just outside the stormont estate he had his dup colleagues arlene foster , lord morrow and ian mccrea for company .
speaking to reporters , fbi boss james comey said the plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations .
midfielder kirby , 23 , has played more than 100 times for rovers since 2012 and has agreed a one - year extension .
evans took another step towards a possible world title shot in a scrappy fight that swung in favour of the champion in the later rounds .
robert gray , 60 , from bearsden , submitted a string of false vat returns to hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- between october 2011 and august 2013 .
he 's been refused somewhere to stay because he comes from ebola hotspot , sierra leone .
activequote 's software provides information on specialist health and protection insurance products .
the man was found unconscious at a flat in caledonia court on wednesday .
transparency international accuses western governments , including the uk and the us , of ignoring corruption as a major driver towards terrorism , notably in the middle east .
the campaign for real ale -lrb- camra -rrb- has given the award to the george & dragon at hudswell , near richmond , north yorkshire .
a chinese statement issued during a visit by us secretary of state john kerry said the nuclear issue was the ` ` shared responsibility of all parties '' .
many of the elements that make up the foundation of the modern world originated in china , including paper , gunpowder , credit banking , the compass and paper money .
so what is the levy ?
the 30-year - old was previously with wigry suwalki , who are 14th in poland 's second tier .
lights first went off as ramon lobo , a pro - government lawmaker , defended the energy policies of president nicolas maduro , reports said .
the incident happened on morningside road , near to jordan lane , at about 11:45 on sunday .
rumours of a tour to celebrate the band 's golden anniversary have been circulating for a number of years .
england was ranked seventh for child independence in the study of 18,000 seven - to 15-year - olds in 16 countries , by university of westminster academics .
it was supposed to be a moment that rocked the virtual world .
the bath winger , 22 , missed matches against france and wales after injuring his hamstring in january .
25 february 2015 last updated at 00:03 gmt
swiss xhaka , 24 , is believed to have been with a friend who had visited him in london and was returning home .
the channel 4 celebrity winter sports competition ended last night with a showdown between the made in chelsea star and olympic gymnast louis smith .
media playback is not supported on this device
23 march 2017 last updated at 14:55 gmt
abendanon has won the european player of the year award , the third time a french - based english player has won it .
thistle got in front from the penalty spot , sean welsh netting after ryan dow had fouled kris doolan .
similar techniques to make simple body parts have already been used in patients , but the kidney is one of the most complicated organs made so far .
the ibrox club have been linked with another bid to land the jambos midfielder , having had offers rejected earlier this summer .
media playback is not supported on this device
nhs england medical director sir bruce keogh says he worries they will put vulnerable people ` ` at risk '' , while chief medical officer dame sally davies says they will ` ` inevitably lead to patients suffering '' and health minister ben gummer claims they will be put in ` ` harm 's way '' .
stephen kinnock , as the son of a former labour leader , is one of the better - known among the 2015 intake of mps .
the clash with edinburgh is townsend 's last as glasgow head coach , before he takes charge of the national team .
rockstar have announced the game 's release has been delayed until 24 march .
the public administration committee said it would seek written evidence and publish an interim report before the summer recess later this month .
investigators in operation pallial have found evidence of 140 allegations of historical abuse between 1963 and 1992 .
the stephensons single - decker was a mile off the local bus route and must have been driven down a farm track , said farmer james mizen .
nóirín o'sullivan welcomed the fact that new police recruitment had begun , but said policing is a profession that constantly needs new people .
kleptomaniac theo , from ipswich , first hit the headlines in 2013 for stealing christmas decorations .
perry beeches iii is one of a chain of six free schools .
hoilett joined on a free transfer on 10 october and was warnock 's first signing as bluebirds boss .
barker , 33 , who captained derby under clough , has not played competitively since dislocating his knee and rupturing ligaments in march 2012 .
it had notified the un of its intention to leave last october , saying the icc pursued ` ` regime change '' .
the latest claim came as a female pupil , who alleged she was raped by a teacher in 1990 while attending its former junior school , spoke to the bbc .
three fire engines were called to railway street , tunstall , at about 2320 gmt on tuesday .
a un panel will now try to determine if the syrian government was responsible , as the us has alleged .
the woodland trust 's annual contest will decide which specimen represents the country in the europe - wide event .
in return venezuela accused chile of ` ` inadmissible interventionism '' and a ` ` lack of diplomatic circumspection '' .
kerry foods confirmed the redundancies , which were initially announced in february .
in addition to original versions of the games , halo : the master chief collection will also include a new visually - upgraded version of halo 2 .
the pre - tournament favourites - last knocked out of this competition in 1993 - had led when isabel kerschowski fired in early on .
craig bryson gave the rams an early lead when he struck from the edge of the area , before thomas ince curled in a stunning effort to double the lead .
a coroner 's report said sandra bland , a 28-year - old african - american , hanged herself but her family doubt this .
watson lost out to ryan moore for the final wildcard spot but will still play a key role for the us in hazeltine .
the study by a number of welsh universities showed under-15s were five times more likely to need hospital care than non - diabetic children .
the massive crater is filled with debris , household items and vehicles .
after centuries as a powerful medieval kingdom , hungary was part of the ottoman and then habsburg empires from the 16th century onwards , emerging as an independent country again after world war i .
muzaffer ali , 39 , from maidenhall road in luton , bedfordshire had denied importing prohibited weapons .
melissa reid , 22 , from lenzie , near glasgow , was arrested with michaella mccollum , of co tyrone , after being caught with 24 lb -lrb- 11 kg -rrb- of cocaine at lima airport in 2013 .
a statement said the drive was aimed at ` ` asserting the nation 's territorial integrity '' and ` ` enhancing security '' .
the 35-year - old centre - half will be banned for two games because it was his second dismissal of the season .
a san francisco judge has placed january 's executive order in limbo , but the white house is vowing to appeal .
the first of six boxes was unveiled on tottenham court road this week .
the gulls beat solihull moors for a first win in nine , but nicholson was unhappy with the attitude afterwards .
the 23-year - old admitted she could be tempted to take up mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- after competing at tokyo 2020 .
friars walk has been years in the planning and the development ground to a halt in the 2008 financial crisis .
the probe is due to scream past the dwarf world on 14 july at almost 14km / s and at an altitude of just 12,500 km .
the 28-year - old australian finished on 15 under par , with american kevin chappell his closest rival on 11 under .
the incident began on tuesday morning when border agents encountered two men carrying backpacks five miles -lrb- 8 km -rrb- east of sumas , washington , in the us .
it means the country has outpaced china 's economic expansion for two quarters out of the last three .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the 31-year - old former newcastle united centre - back has joined the championship side until the end of the season .
a new report from the centre for cities and the centre for economic performance at the london school of economics , said all cities would see a fall in output due to increasing trade costs .
survivors in some areas told the bbc that they were angry that neither food nor medicine has reached them .
many residents are ` ` devastated '' at the move , according to a local councillor .
the plants were found during the search of a warehouse near ashbourne on saturday morning .
media playback is not supported on this device
the # bringbackourgirls group should be ashamed of manipulating ` ` the victims of terrorism '' , he said .
sunni muslim tanveer ahmed , 32 , from bradford in yorkshire , stabbed 40-year - old asad shah outside his store in shawlands on 24 march .
a team from cardiff university has appealed to more than 3,000 beekeepers to send them photos , videos and audio files from hives over the summer .
rhinos ' hooker matt parcell crossed to open the scoring with liam sutcliffe 's score making it 12 - 0 at half - time .
22 january 2016 last updated at 08:24 gmt
guido amsel , 49 , targeted law firms that represented him or his ex - wife in a lengthy legal battle , police said .
mr videgaray was seen as the main organiser of the controversial meeting between mr trump and president enrique pena nieto .
see the draw in full here .
the two - page note , addressed to mrs ellis and dated 19 august 1945 , finds him dealing with the subject of joy .
at a buckingham palace garden party in pouring rain on tuesday , the queen commented , ` ` oh , bad luck '' when told a metropolitan police commander had led the police operation around the chinese leader 's visit .
the air accidents investigation branch -lrb- aaib -rrb- also said emergency workers had to delay their response because some explosive cartridges were still live .
the national lottery windfall has been won with a ticket bought somewhere in denbighshire for the 1 april draw .
he said it would be ` ` hugely challenging '' given current ` ` strong anti - establishment thinking '' .
the real madrid striker appeared before a judge in versailles after being held in custody overnight .
lydia wilkinson said she did not know at first whether her father peter was going to survive the stabbing at their home in stourbridge on 30 march .
the asia pacific , excluding japan , held $ 47 trillion -lrb- Â # 30tn -rrb- in private wealth last year as the number of new millionaires rose in china and india .
growing up in diamond - rich eastern sierra leone , it was the natural thing to do .
media playback is not supported on this device
the proceedings in london will be ` ` the first time that undercover policing has been exposed to the rigour of public examination , '' he told a court .
media playback is not supported on this device
it is their first competitive action since the icc world twenty20 in march , when they beat hong kong to record a first win at a major tournament .
guiseley hit the front spectacularly when kevan hurst swung in a corner to the edge of the box and john rooney volleyed in past a stunned nathan ashmore .
john swinney said the tool would help ` ` all of our children to succeed '' .
pedro , 25 , had been training with the cumbrians and impressed in reserve games against barrow and burnley .
the supermarket 's stock fell by more than 4 % to close at 197.8 p.
daniel timbers , 29 , and barry joy , 56 , were working at harford attachments in spar road when they were killed , shortly after 09:00 bst on monday .
adamu is alleged to have breached fifa 's code of ethics but no further details were provided .
the markit / cips manufacturing purchasing managers ' index fell to 49.2 from 50.7 in march .
starting under the redheugh bridge and finishing past the millennium bridge , the 1500 m race first began in 1997 but stopped in 2010 due to funding issues .
mail online , which published her claim , also paid Â # 150,000 in libel damages to the mahmood family .
30 january 2017 last updated at 17:58 gmt
he made the comments after he was told he would not get a new parish when he leaves his existing one in london .
sam gallagher 's powerful header back across goal ensured rovers , who remain in the relegation zone , are still two points from safety with three to play .
police said alexander protopopov , acting deputy chief of russia 's prison service , oversaw the dismantling of the road in the far - northern komi region .
the visitors , managed by former burton boss gary rowett , pinned the brewers back in the opening exchanges .
us and european bond prices have sunk in expectation that he will enact inflationary policies that speed the pace of interest rate rises .
fraudsters posing as talktalk workers have switched their caller i d - the incoming number which appears on mobile phone screens - to that of the flower shop in caversham , reading .
the 22-year - old france - born winger , who has declared himself available for algeria , joins for an undisclosed fee .
twenty - one have been named so far .
but they are also applicable when you meet sara cox - english rugby union 's only referee at rio 2016 .
steven conway died while working at diamond wheels -lrb- dundee -rrb- ltd , a firm owned and operated by former dundee fc director of football paul marr .
they were denied a win as andre ayew 's deflected free - kick cancelled out kelechi iheanacho 's close - range opener .
there is no change as team sky 's froome trails tinkoff 's contador , by 13 seconds and bmc 's porte by six .
with all the walking , running , cycling and gym activity you intend to do , obviously you need an activity tracker - a small , trusty device that you can wear 24/7 to monitor every footstep , every mile clocked up , every calorie burned , and even the quality of every moment 's shuteye .
there were concerns about the stability of the building , which has been derelict for years , after the collapse of an internal wall last week .
mark jones , 45 , of cwmbran , torfaen , fractured amelia jones 's skull when he was supposed to be looking after her .
helen smith , who lives in deal with her british husband and their two children , applied for a new visa last september .
down an alleyway in central kano , i find one of the many koranic schools which have changed little in generations .
the suspension was cut following a hearing at wembley on thursday .
reports in the journal nature show infusions of so - called broadly neutralising antibodies could suppress the amount of hiv in a patient 's blood .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- made its latest claims two days before russia finds out whether it can send athletes to the 2016 rio olympics .
media playback is not supported on this device
the couple , from halstead , suffered ` ` life - changing '' injuries during ` ` two hours of torture '' on 26 april .
but co - operative housing schemes are little known in wales , the study for the wales co - operative centre warns .
fire crews were called to the blaze in a second - floor property on george street at about 05:15 .
whilst on patrol over winnipeg , the chopper 's crew accidentally turned on its loudspeaker allowing members of the public below to hear them .
he is appealing against an appeal court ruling lifting a ban on him being named in the media in england and wales .
england seamer james anderson , who took 3 - 5 on the third evening , finished with figures of 4 - 20 as the red rose skittled hampshire for 168 on day four .
the woman was attacked in the seagate area , near dundee bus station , at about 22:30 on sunday .
the four - month stand off between workers and management resulted in 12 full days of strike action , affecting hundreds of thousands of passengers .
the 27-year - old , who has won the women 's world cup and olympic gold with her country , will join the french club on loan from nwsl side orlando pride .
the body of the 36-year - old was found in a house in glenfinnan road around 15:05 on wednesday .
bolivians were asked to vote on a change to the country 's constitution .
the site - which is owned by google - is launching a competition for teenagers to create an experiment that could be carried out in space .
asif kahn , who worked at oldknow academy in birmingham , had faced allegations of misconduct .
at the other end of the spectrum , there are plenty of people making goods a little better , and more expensively .
revenues of # 1.43 bn for the six months to 25 october and underlying earnings of # 218.5 m were below analysts ' forecasts , making the stock the worst performer in the ftse 100 .
robbie neilson 's side will unfurl the championship flag on sunday before taking on st johnstone in their first game back in the top flight .
media playback is not supported on this device
elizabeth bowe , 50 , was found badly injured in bobby jones place in st andrews at about 21:00 on saturday 17 september .
fe gysylltodd teulu elen jones , 36 oed a ' i mab wyth oed , lewis rhys jones gyda ' r heddlu i ddweud nad yw ' r ddau wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd mawrth 17 ionawr .
andrew rosindell , a staffordshire bull terrier owner , said resources should be used to deal with any dangerous dogs , not just the four banned breeds .
the coins , which are known as scottish groats , were discovered by keen metal detector tom crawford last january .
rangers were knocked out of the europa league qualifiers while alves was on international duty with portugal .
cumberbatch has apologised and said he was ` ` devastated to have caused offence '' after using the word on a us tv show to describe black actors .
the ardglass golfer , a european tour invite , is three shots off the lead held by american peter uihlein .
the host nation are one of eight countries competing in glasgow to win promotion to the sport 's top division .
guido tognoni worked ` ` extremely closely '' with the fifa president during blatter 's second term .
she had just given birth to their first son dylan .
the stornoway - registered louisa sank on 9 april as it lay at anchor in calm seas off mingulay in the western isles .
the report contains a bogus poll indicating that president uhuru kenyatta will win august 's election .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 26-year - old midfielder has signed ` ` an initial one - year deal '' , with ray mckinnon expressing delight at his first signing as manager at tannadice .
the 36-year - old czech national was arrested on saturday after the body of rebecca johnson , 26 , was found in the finnish village of kuttanen .
the interior ministry confirmed his replacement as abdul rahman rahimi , former police chief in balkh province .
the teenage pedestrian was knocked down by a ford focus in oldgate lane , thrybergh , rotherham , on saturday , said south yorkshire police .
james bisset , 23 , of yatton , struck the pedestrians with his volvo in nailsea near bristol , last february .
faw officials have yet to decide how to commemorate the occasion after fifa could not guarantee that there would not be disciplinary proceedings if a poppy was displayed .
launching its general election manifesto , party leader leanne wood said she wanted an ` ` end to austerity '' .
nigerian keshi , who died suddenly aged 54 , was appointed head coach of togo three times between 2004 and 2011 .
set 119 in adelaide , perth began well through elyse villani -lrb- 23 -rrb- and england captain charlotte edwards -lrb- 18 -rrb- .
the incident happened in lora village , 80 km -lrb- 50 miles -rrb- south of abbottabad .
the jack up unit ensco 80 is expected to arrive at the field 's charlie platform in the moray firth over the weekend .
the warriors were down by 13 points during the first half but fought back in the third quarter .
neel croos , 26 , died from a head injury following a fight in holborn way , mitcham on 23 november 2015 .
ambulance staff were called to woodgate gardens , bartley green , in birmingham , at about 22:50 bst on monday , west midlands police said .
for zimbabwean mp joseph chinotimba , a loyal supporter of president robert mugabe , 2016 began with romance .
hazrat mirza masroor ahmad , the caliph of the ahmadiyya muslim community -lrb- amc -rrb- , said his ` ` heartfelt sympathies '' were with the victims .
ian mccann , head of rosewood primary school in burnley , lancashire , reportedly took part in a charity bike ride and missed the final week of term .
the 57-year - old will take over from former tottenham striker mido , who was sacked two weeks ago .
they show that there has been an overall increase of 53 % in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 years .
west indies , who were 11 - 3 in pursuit of england 's 155 - 9 , needed 19 off the final over to win and did it in style .
the welsh county won three of 16 games in the county championship division two last season and failed to make progress in the limited overs competitions .
a swedish couple adopted her when she was two - and - a - half years old and gave her a new life .
finance minister máirtín Ó muilleoir made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round .
there have been ongoing industrial problems in the school for months .
the stanford university team said the findings were ` ` incredibly exciting '' and would now be tested in clinics .
dywedodd ofcom eu bod wedi ailhysbysebu ' r drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol yn abertawe am nad oedd ymgeisydd yn ystod rownd gyntaf y broses drwyddedu .
dame sally davies said the action by the british medical association -lrb- bma -rrb- would ` ` lead to patients suffering '' .
valerie cadogan was cycling with her husband when she struck the 25 cm -lrb- 10 in -rrb- wide , 11 cm -lrb- 4 in -rrb- pothole and hit her head , newport coroner 's court heard .
the incident occurred on great northern road near to its junction with clifton road at about 12:00 on saturday .
the 17-year - old scored 330.70 in kiev to finish ahead of russian duo anna chuinyshena -lrb- 326.90 -rrb- and iuliia timoshinina -lrb- 313.30 -rrb- .
a two - year - old black and white cat named patch died following a suspected poisoning in bro dulas , llanidloes .
a feasibility study will look at options for a five - mile network linking the city centre and penarth , vale of glamorgan .
the footage shows mr duterte and his supporters making light of the assault by prison inmates in 1989 when he was town mayor .
the scheme , developed by the ou , has been designed to observe students ' paths through courses and engagement with online learning modules .
on monday , the bbc 's panorama programme uncovered several safety concerns , from staffing levels to waste storage .
the lancashire care nhs foundation trust was given the rating following an inspection by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- in september .
the s&p 500 climbed 8.7 points to 2,049.29 , as it ended the day above where it had closed at the end of 2015 .
ar un adeg roedd deg person tân yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i ' w codi uwchben yr adeilad er mwyn ceisio diffodd y fflamau .
ethiopia 's world champion mare dibaba took the bronze medal as her compatriot and race favourite tigist tufa pulled out before the halfway mark .
the 30-year - old defender has made 200 appearances for the rams since joining from coventry city in 2012 .
janice farman , originally from clydebank , was killed at her home in front of her son earlier this month .
lord forsyth of drumlean said the snp election result was a ` ` revolution '' and could not be overlooked .
samples drilled from beneath the indian ocean are being used to reconstruct past rainfall and temperature records .
liam craig swept home steven maclean 's delivery in with 14 minutes gone .
the memory of the ` ` boy from bassendean '' - a suburb in the western australian state capital - is being erased by the local council .
philae , the first spacecraft to land on a comet , was dropped on to the surface of comet 67p by its mothership , rosetta , last november .
the authorities say they want to check whether the organisations are operating legally - particularly whether they comply with a controversial law requiring all ngos receiving overseas funding to register as ` ` foreign agents '' .
the move was announced by stormont 's enterprise , trade and investment -lrb- deti -rrb- minister arlene foster .
the operation took four hours .
tashan corpe , 27 , died in sedgemoor road , bath , on sunday .
12 july 2015 last updated at 13:45 bst
that is a harsh reflection on his playing career , though , because simeone was a magnificent midfielder , winning 106 international caps and starring in serie a for inter milan and lazio as well as guiding atletico to a league and cup double in 1996 -lrb- their most recent la liga triumph -rrb- .
they want ofcom to wait until a decision is made about their plan to merge the two mobile companies .
police said officers from the north west counter terrorism unit searched an address on peakdale avenue , crumpsall , manchester on friday .
campaigning in edinburgh a day after her election , she said she had a mandate to change the party .
the shortlist for this year 's st david awards , which will be presented on 10 march , has been announced .
hannah miley , camilla hattersley , robbie renwick , ross murdoch , stephen milne , dan wallace , duncan scott and craig benson will travel to brazil .
city remain without long - term absentees gabriel jesus and ilkay gundogan .
augustin dobre and ionut muti were caught on cctv in a council probe into illegal dumping on priory road , aston .
speaking in an itv documentary about his charity work in lesotho , the prince said losing his mother at a young age made him question his position .
sarah johnson was one of 21 women heading to liverpool when their minibus was hit by a lorry on the m62 .
staff at the hospital , run by the northumberland , tyne and wear nhs foundation trust -lrb- ntw -rrb- ordered a pizza on 10 december , but were dismayed when the phrase appeared on the delivery instructions .
the pirates of the caribbean star will play the title role in therese raquin , based on emile zola 's 1867 classic .
mayor stephanie rawlings - blake said she was replacing police commissioner anthony batts with his deputy , kevin davis , for an interim period .
the fratricide within the republican party is getting much of the national attention , but the two remaining democratic candidates - and their supporters - are starting to swing some sharp elbows .
media playback is not supported on this device
maria carreiro , 51 , said she ` ` ran down the street like a crazy woman '' after her daughter looked online and discovered the award 's true size .
stormont officials have refused to give any details citing confidentiality .
the horror starring vera farmiga and patrick wilson as paranormal investigators made $ 40.4 m -lrb- # 28.5 m -rrb- .
the 22-year - old agreed a four - and - a - half - year deal with the italian club and completed a medical on wednesday .
st botolph 's church , known as boston stump , was badly damaged following a tidal surge in 2013 that hit the lincolnshire town of boston .
astronauts helped capture 360-degree panoramas of the insides of the iss modules , as well as views down to the earth below .
the sentencing council also suggests judges could give longer sentences to offenders who film their victims .
oliver mcburnie began the rout with a 25-yard shot in the opening period .
the 37-year - old midfielder announced his decision after playing the whole match as greece lost on penalties in the last-16 tie against costa rica .
they say that the new material is more robust and hardwearing than previous efforts to create artificial cartilage .
on friday his campaign backed away from his claim that he had been admitted to the prestigious us military academy at west point .
the victim claims no - one responded when he brought the alleged offences to light .
the 28 eu interior ministers will hold an emergency meeting on the crisis on 14 september .
government sources told the bbc that the tribal fighters set fire to a building used by the militants .
a 24-hour walkout by members of the rail , maritime and transport -lrb- rmt -rrb- union , in protest at the introduction of driver - only trains , ended at 11:00 bst on wednesday .
the manchester evening news reported it related to a councillor who admitted making indecent images of children .
the first minister said images of aylan kurdi being carried from the sea had ` ` touched our hearts '' .
democrats mark warner and joe manchin , who have ` ` a '' ratings from the national rifle association -lrb- nra -rrb- , now say action is needed after the massacre .
it has been a busy period of transfer activity as teams look to strengthen and build on their previous campaign .
this is not because of panic , but possibly as a way of suppressing it .
the scot , 26 , stopped joubert in the sixth round - a ninth win out of nine .
the 25-year - old man reportedly calls himself harald hitler .
the king commissioned the piano for the palace from renowned maker thomas tomkison in about 1821 .
ancient cities around the shores of the mediterranean and adriatic are on the front line , their stone streets squeezed full of summer visitors as budget airlines and giant cruise ships unload ever - growing armies of tourists .
robert amoroso , 64 , now from hampshire , lived in clifton from 1979 to 2013 , the period of the alleged offences .
the engineering firm says the # 250 m expansion of its malmesbury headquarters will eventually bring 3,000 new jobs to the town .
it was relief more than real jubilation .
the male in his early 30s was found with critical injuries in north woolwich road , silvertown , at about 13:30 gmt .
the islamic center of boca raton had planned to host a polling site for the state 's primary in august and the general election in november .
passwords were found on public websites such as pastebin , where hackers often dump data .
at least 17 us - based and local groups receiving foreign funding were targeted , according to activists and egyptian state media .
nasuwt members in derry city , strabane , mid ulster , fermanagh and omagh council areas will strike on 31 january .
the drilling rig was destined for a yard in turkey to be decommissioned when a towline broke and it ran aground on lewis .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 18-year - old helped the brewers win automatic promotion from league one last season during a three - month loan .
` ` did you set this up ? ''
knaresborough station , in north yorkshire , is being made watertight and the chimney stack on the signal box is being removed and rebuilt .
this is exactly the same outcome as in 2014 , although slightly fewer students got the very top grades .
but in central european media , the main focus is on the impact of the referendum on benefits for migrant workers in britain .
mr jammeh has been given until noon on friday to leave office or be forced out by un - backed regional forces .
` ` i ' m feeling the joints for any kind of heat or swelling . ''
leading man leonardo dicaprio won best actor in a drama , while alejandro g inarritu won for its direction .
the 31-year - old indomitable lion has opted to join the 2016/17 turkish top flight runners - up after reaching the end of his contract with city rivals galatasaray .
frank field said jeremy corbyn was in touch on ` ` economic injustices '' but warned of an electoral ` ` walloping '' over security and migration .
the 53-year - old german was last seen on saturday afternoon , when he went to cycle part of the south west coastal path between newquay and sennen .
in experiments on mice , the stem cells were genetically engineered to produce and secrete toxins which kill brain tumours , without killing normal cells or themselves .
foden , 26 , scored his third try in two matches as saints beat quins 24 - 3 in the aviva premiership .
the 21-year - old , who has appeared 82 times for brighton , played five games on loan at karl robinson 's championship strugglers earlier this campaign .
the visitors led when simon makienok finished calmly for his second league goal this season from greg cunningham 's pass just before the interval .
media playback is not supported on this device
commuters posted pictures of themselves wading through water outside new malden station on thursday evening .
the man , believed to be in his thirties , suffered neck injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene outside southwark park primary school .
nearly 250 people in wales reported suspected stalkers to police between 2012 and 2015 , the network for surviving stalking said .
officially iran denies it has deployed any combat troops in syria , but a week before the offensive began , it was reported that hundreds of iranian troops had arrived in syria in preparation for an imminent assault on rebel - held areas .
social media videos shot in the plaza major showed injured fans and officers in body armour wielding batons .
guide dog joey , who mainly flies between london luton and paphos in cyprus , has notched up 35 flights with owner jan gibson and her husband roger .
media playback is not supported on this device
but now that she 's wielded a dagger and showed off her martial arts moves to dispatch the undead as a very modern elizabeth bennet in pride and prejudice and zombies , lily james wants to play action heroes .
the move comes after faulty poly implant prothÃ ¨ se -lrb- pip -rrb- silicone breast implants were recalled in 2010 , affecting thousands of women .
the 64-year - old was found with critical injuries in luxfield road , south - east london , at about 02:10 gmt .
the ` ` shocking '' incident happened at about 11.55 as the 57-year - old security guard approached the tesco store in annick street in shettleston .
the third death was announced on monday and five are critically ill in hospital , following the event in haaksbergen in overijssel province .
the duke of rothesay laid a wreath on a visit to a new memorial cairn built by the community of cabrach in moray .
if you have a picture you would like to share , please see below the images for details on how to submit yours .
stephen mckee , now 25 , was jailed for murdering west belfast greengrocer harry holland in september 2007 .
the united states team have repeatedly stated that beating the world number one would give them a boost of greater significance than the point they would put on the scoreboard .
richard gray , 36 , admitted intending to cause fear of violence with the fake firearm near heene and st mary 's primary schools on 8 may .
since december , the commission has been examining whether funding for the Â # 16bn plant , to be built by developers edf energy , broke state aid rules .
the daggers , who reached league one in 2010 , needed victory to keep their slim survival hopes alive .
portugal are top of their qualifying group for euro 2016 but rested ronaldo against the african side , who are ranked 38th in the world .
female officers will be able to wear a headscarf under their caps or berets , provided it is plain and is the same colour as the uniform .
cagney the lhasa apso was trapped for about an hour in her salford home until the chair 's metal frame was dismantled .
ten - month - old laith atiga was crawling at his grandmother 's home , in berkshire , when he suddenly started coughing .
the scots have won all five qualifiers to date and host iceland at falkirk stadium on friday knowing victory would all but secure their place .
the man 's bike was in collision with a car in the village at around noon on sunday .
shocked onlookers swam across the boating lake at stanborough park , welwyn garden city , on sunday after the car became submerged in the water .
the former england captain 's team of investors acquired land in the city 's overtown neighbourhood this week .
more than 700 students will be taught at the new state - of - the - art deeside sixth building .
moussa dembele missed training on tuesday with a hamstring complaint and will be assessed .
the stanford university analysis of 68 million days ' worth of minute - by - minute data showed the average number of daily steps was 4,961 .
catherine - also known as the countess of strathearn in scotland - joined dozens of school pupils and teachers at a tennis workshop hosted by ms murray in edinburgh .
the pensioner , who is in her 70s , had gone into a church on william st on friday and disturbed a man as he was trying to prise open a donation box .
david dixon texted his aunt saying he was safe after the two airport blasts , but his family fear he was caught up in a further explosion at a metro station .
media playback is unsupported on your device
a section of dunsdale haugh in selkirk is to shut with a diversion route put in place via level crossing road .
they then vowed to put their careers on hold for 23 years .
georg niedermeier 's own goal gave pep guardiola 's side a half - time lead , which david alaba doubled .
peake will star as titania , lucas will be bottom and stage star elaine paige returns to tv as mistress quince .
they seized the regional government 's headquarters and prosecutor 's office before opening fire with automatic weapons at the main police station .
turner , who spent nine years as a player with posh before winning back - to - back promotions as manager in the early 1990s , was diagnosed with frontal lobe dementia in 2006 .
the all blacks were five points behind at half - time with a man in the sin - bin as four penalties from handre pollard cancelled out jerome kaino 's early try .
the football league wants to create an extra division with 20 teams in each from 2019 - 20 .
craig harvey , 31 , denies assaulting consultant radiologist marcel strauss at wishaw general on 24 february .
mr kaczynski 's law and justice party never accepted an inquiry that found the smolensk crash was an accident .
` ` i ' m really looking forward to it - the home of scottish football , '' said rodgers ahead of his maiden visit .
mr charney , who also founded the company , was ousted last year because of the employee complaints and amid accusations of misuse of company funds .
` ` we are about a third of the way down the road , '' she says .
in the year to the end of march , 57 victims of homicide -lrb- murders and culpable homicides -rrb- were recorded - down five on the previous 12 months .
more than 1,000 schools in america 's second - biggest city were searched on tuesday after classes were cancelled .
kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said on thursday that the russian air force would continue its support of the syrian armed forces .
activists want to stop the consumption of dog meat at the festival in the southern city of yulin which is due to begin later this month .
the 35-year - old joined the iron from blackpool in 2013 and has made 119 league appearances for the league one side .
acorn park care home in east kilbride , south lanarkshire , was warned it must make a ` ` significant improvement '' .
the pipe , which supplies staleen water treatment plant in county louth , burst on friday .
joel warwick also twice tried to kiss her and asked her to ` ` bend over '' a photocopier machine , the health and care professions council -lrb- hcpc -rrb- said .
it 's a vivid metaphor from dr udai banerji , of the institute of cancer research and the royal marsden , for the challenge facing patients , scientists and clinicians .
the former sharks scrum - half is suing the club for alleged clinical negligence over a concussion injury .
the local authority has spent more than # 750,000 on events since 2014 .
the sub was 20 km -lrb- 12 miles -rrb- from the admiral kuznetsov at the time of the incident , the military said .
17 may 2017 last updated at 06:49 bst
kara mccullough , a scientist at the us nuclear regulatory commission , appeared to link healthcare to employment .
media playback is not supported on this device
talks have been ongoing for the past couple of weeks about the northern ireland international , with city having had two offers turned down for a player that west brom say is not for sale .
roedd jane marion lord , 76 oed , wedi ceisio stopio ei char vauxhall corsa coch , rhag rholio i lawr y ffordd yn ei chartref ger castell newydd emlyn , ceredigion .
the firm , which sells its chevrolet brand in india , said it would continue to provide maintenance services .
levy completed a nine - under first round of 62 earlier on friday and moved to 17 under , before bad light halted him on the last hole of his second round .
the allegations were made in a bbc spotlight programme on tuesday .
devon and cornwall police confirmed the body was recovered from rocks to the north of tresco .
the unconscious man was found on the old shoreham road at the junction with lancaster road at 03:50 bst .
first minister nicola sturgeon said the transition training fund should help keep expertise in the energy sector , or in related roles in manufacturing .
duffy is the only nominee from outside the premiership , having led the ton to the play - offs and the league cup semis .
among those detained is his brother - in - law and one of the two pilots who flew guzman to his home state .
hundreds of protesters gathered at the venue at the university of illinois at chicago hours before mr trump was due .
the fukui district court lifted an injunction that had blocked the reopening of two reactors operated by kansai electric power in the western city of takahama .
mi6 and and gchq advertised on the mumsnet website for the first time this year , and mi5 has raised its target for women employees to 45 % by 2021 .
about 47 % of working south africans earn less than the wage , which is being introduced to combat income poverty and inequality .
the family of joseph murphy has hit out at authorities for the delay .
scotland cap burke , 19 , left forest to join rb leipzig in a deal that made him the most expensive scottish player .
it was after the reporter neil sears had apparently called on the comedian to question him over his tax affairs .
couples have been decorating the ponte milvio bridge on the river tiber with locks for several years .
the incident occurred on the a9 north of berriedale in caithness at about 14:00 .
the company said lancaster 's caton road substation went offline at 11:00 bst , leaving parts of the city and nearby morecambe and carnforth without power .
he made the pledge in a ramadan message to muslims , who have been worst affected by the ban .
the pedestrian , from tyne and wear , was struck by a vauxhall corsa on crossing boulevard in dartford at 18:07 gmt .
the visitors were on terms at 3 - 3 after 20 minutes , but tries by ben john , sam parry , jeff hassler and dan evans secured a bonus point by half time .
barca remain six points off leaders real after sergio ramos ' last - minute header made it 1 - 1 after luis suarez had opened the scoring .
the scottish crofting federation -lrb- scf -rrb- and nfu scotland have been calling for increased incentives in a grant scheme available to crofters .
eric , as it was called , was originally built in 1928 , and was the uk 's first humanoid robot , impressing audiences with his movement and speech .
rose morelli , 17 , said it was ` ` hugely distressing '' to see the photo of alex elliot on the leaflet by the right - wing fratelli d'italia .
swansea west mp geraint davies said it was vital for a ` ` greener future '' , and accused ministers of ` ` back - pedalling '' on their commitment to the lagoon .
seven shi tzu puppies and two full - grown lurchers were taken from the property in glendevon park , winchburgh , between 07:30 and 18:00 on wednesday .
it had already been announced the 30-year - old would leave the warriors when his contract expires this summer .
colonel christopher garver said iraqi forces had cleared only a third of the city and the rest remains contested .
deila will leave premiership champions celtic after sunday 's match against motherwell .
southwark crown court was told that mr clifford exposed himself to the woman , who can not be named for legal reasons .
european commission president jean - claude juncker said the uk may want to be more ` ` obliging '' to certain countries to secure future commercial advantages .
he has frequently expressed his dislike of social media sites - including youtube and facebook - believing they are being used to attack him .
at least 11 people died in wednesday 's 8.3-magnitude quake - the strongest in the world this year - that sent tsunami waves as far away as japan .
mr natzler has served as acting clerk since the retirement of sir robert rogers last year .
` ` the documentary for me started with the questions : ` is this the end of film ?
media playback is not supported on this device
johnson scored 15 goals in 41 games for the heed this season , having signed in july 2015 following his release by championship side cardiff city .
three operators have been shortlisted for the northern rail franchise and three for first transpennine express -lrb- tpe -rrb- , with the winners due to be announced in october 2015 .
mr yanukovych flew from china to sochi in southern russia for the meeting .
police were called after reports of the attack between 17:00 gmt and 18:40 on monday .
it began on friday when ramzan kadyrov , leader of the southern russian republic , labelled opponents of president vladimir putin ` ` enemies of the people '' and called for such ` ` traitors '' to be prosecuted for subversion , claiming they were working in league with the west .
1914 - cyprus annexed by britain , after more than 300 years of ottoman rule .
the corporation had charged users subscription fees to watch programmes via the app in western europe , australia and canada .
cuadrilla 's plans for fracking at its preston new road site at little plumpton were approved in october .
the news has prompted headlines around the world , and politicians and city leaders have taken to twitter to congratulate him , including the left - leaning mayors of new york and paris .
wales under-21 international burns has scored one goal in 17 appearances for the robins this season , but has started in only three games .
flood water swept through linen green , near dungannon .
the case revolved around a horn ` ` hit '' , which was allegedly lifted from the salsoul orchestra track love break .
south wales fire and rescue service was called to the butetown tunnel just after 01:00 bst .
a video uploaded on facebook showed callum clatworthy - robins , 22 , from port talbot , consuming a fish won at a fair in bridgend county in march .
the visit comes after myanmar opened up to international trade and investment following decades of military rule .
media playback is not supported on this device
the seven men had been given six - year jail sentences after an earthquake devastated the medieval town of l'aquila in 2009 , killing 309 people .
peter halliday accused the councillors who prompted a scrutiny meeting next tuesday about the holland haven - to - clacton defences of ` ` scaremongering '' .
the scot dug deep to claim a 2 - 6 6 - 4 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 4 -rrb- victory in a match that lasted two hours 59 minutes .
the acting up report suggests the high audition costs for drama school is one of several factors deterring people from working class backgrounds from entering the arts .
brendon constant , 87 , was accused of smothering his 86-year - old wife jean with a plastic bag at poppyfields care home in eynesbury , near st neots .
the conference board 's index of consumer attitudes fell by 8.3 points to 59.7 in march .
they include composer james macmillan , who is to be knighted , while children 's author aileen paterson is awarded an mbe .
she launched an ` ` armpit hair competition '' on china 's popular micro - blog service weibo to get women to take ownership of their bodies .
the uk government gave northern ireland the power to reduce the level of the tax because it said it had a special economic case .
matsuyama shot a six - under 66 in the last round of the wgc - hsbc champions to finish seven clear of sweden 's henrik stenson and american daniel berger .
the 777 - 200 , which was carrying 294 passengers from paris to vancouver , was diverted to prestwick after taking off at 10:57 on saturday .
in an interview marking five years as first minister , carwyn jones said people accepted welsh ministers were not ` ` miracle workers '' on nhs matters .
the small aircraft came down in a field at steve powell 's farm at cwmbach , builth wells , powys , just before 12:00 bst on sunday .
anh nhu nguyen , 52 , of beckenham , south - east london , is accused of defrauding charities and kensington and chelsea council by posing as a victim of the fire for nearly two weeks .
8 may 2014 last updated at 05:05 bst
west berkshire council is setting up an emotional health academy to train psychology graduates and health professionals .
the event takes place at east kirkcarswell farm near dundrennan on 25 and 26 july .
oberon was one of three animals mauled by a dog in their field in the eastern part of the new forest on 22 december .
mr putin defended the meeting - a coup for ms le pen - saying that he was not seeking to influence france 's election .
zimbabwe 's nine - wicket defeat by group a winners india on monday ensured ireland 's place in the top three .
ravindra gaikwad said he ` ` hit him 25 times with my sandal '' for ` ` arrogance '' after failing to get a business class seat on an air india flight .
the images of europe taken from the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- have notched up tens of thousands of reactions on facebook .
shiels , whose played for league of ireland champions dundalk last year , joins a club that plays in the tier below the mls in north america .
highgate school is considering mix - and - match outfits for pupils after head teachers said that growing numbers of children were questioning their gender .
the new bill , which would affect digital maps from google , apple , and uber , is facing stiff opposition from campaign groups .
the pipe in chester green , derby , burst at about 04:30 gmt on sunday , sending water gushing along mansfield road .
media playback is not supported on this device
the killer , a 42-year - old man who had worked at the factory for 10 years , is among the dead .
norris spoke on tuesday of plans for a show in the nt 's temporary theatre that was ` ` very focused on disabled issues '' .
bristow asked on twitter why victims did not ` ` sort out '' their abusers ` ` when they got older and fitter '' .
john clancy , labour councillor for quinton , beat closest rival penny holbrook in monday night 's ballot .
he was withdrawn from this year 's race because of possible irregularities in his biological passport .
media playback is not supported on this device
nick warren , 57 , got into difficulties as he tried to reach his black labrador in stormy conditions off wellington parade in kingsdown , on sunday .
carissa , who 's 11 , has become the youngest ever chess master in the us .
writing in lancet global health , they predict cases will rise from 36 million to 115 million by 2050 , if treatment is not improved by better funding .
byron rhodes is taking me around the modern council headquarters .
the 56-year - old ex - derbyshire skipper leaves his post as club president to take the newly created job .
albert anthony smith mcdonald , 58 , was found with head injuries on cumbernauld road , riddrie , at 21:25 on monday .
further caps are coming into effect on roaming - or connection - charges within all 28 countries of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
media playback is not supported on this device
he retained his position with 41,337 votes , ahead of conservative matthew vickers , who received 25,229 .
there were also celebrations for bayern munich , while zlatan ibrahimovic was lauded in paris and gonzalo higuain broke a long - standing serie a scoring record .
the belarusian only returned to tennis in june after giving birth to her son , leo , in december .
leicester 's matty james and villa 's ciaran clark were sent off in the game .
lemond , 52 , is the only american winner of the tour after armstrong was stripped of his seven titles in 2012 for systematic doping .
in may , mr joyce vowed to press charges against a man who struck him with a pie over his support for same - sex marriage , which is not legal in australia .
the 32-year old , who has won 12 caps for his country , has been signed to provide injury cover .
run by the national trust , dinefwr park in llandeilo is the only example of brown 's work in wales currently open to the public .
play was suspended on friday afternoon as winds reached 36 mph and blew trees over at emirates golf club .
the vessel 's engine failed a mile north east of muck island on thursday evening .
the fbi has ordered apple to disable the security software on a dead murderer 's iphone but the tech giant has refused .
the west african nation branded the 54-member grouping , which includes the uk and most of its former colonies , a ` ` neo - colonial institution '' .
china nuclear industry huaxing construction was fined $ 3 m -lrb- Â # 1.9 m -rrb- , the us department of justice said .
the 6 ft 4 in player , who finished top scorer in last season 's europa league , has signed a four - year contract .
media playback is not supported on this device
chay roberts - jones was working at blundells school at tiverton , devon , when he assaulted the girl under the guise of giving her a sports massage .
the total number of fans attending scottish professional football league games , including play - offs , was up to 4,267,467 from 3,804,342 in 2015 - 16 .
kevin standing 's vehicle was taken from his home in patcham , east sussex , on saturday morning .
the state newspaper says the ` ` suave '' liquor will spare you wincing when you wake , despite boasting 30 % -40 % alcohol .
imagine a situation where most people with a common condition are undiagnosed and where opportunities are repeatedly missed to identify the problem and to offer good care .
3 may 2017 last updated at 11:09 bst
about 1,000 people gathered to observe a minute of silence and light candles in front of the senedd .
media playback is not supported on this device
russian football union acting president nikita simonyan told the r - sport agency capello 's role was in question .
canadian - egyptian mohamed fahmy , egyptian baher mohamed and australian peter greste were sentenced to up to 10 years in prison in july 2014 .
the highland village 's ruthven road is mentioned in a line in the film delivered by janet de vigne , from edinburgh .
the communication workers union said the walkout would start on monday 19 december and include christmas eve .
ukrainian officials said inventory work began on saturday morning with the actual pullback to start in the afternoon .
the election on the 8 june is for the westminster parliament , rather than the assembly , but parties are now in the habit of producing a distinct document for wales .
salvador sobral 's success with amar pelos dois -lrb- love for both of us -rrb- has made him a national hero .
but the scandal rocking germany 's political establishment is n't about sleaze or corruption but rather whether a little - known website can publish documents already publicly discussed .
thomas fendall and jessica hussell , who were in a relationship , used their positions within greater manchester police to access restricted material .
the ex - chief executives , who previously ran tesco , sainsbury 's , asda , morrisons , m&s and b&q , said a drop in the pound coupled with supply chain disruption would cause prices to spike .
the 50-year - old from felstead in essex rowed the atlantic two years ago in the woodvale challenge .
legally , it needs at least 5 % of local electors for a referendum to go ahead .
the march from camberwell , south london , to downing street has been called to raise awareness of vulnerable people who used the service .
the boards are forecast to over spend by # 146 m this year .
mr macaskill made the announcement at hmp shotts , one of two pilot sites for the technology .
media playback is not supported on this device
since the discovery of the bodies in 2009 the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has been tracking down potential relatives in the hope of identifying them .
the british embassy in rabat said roger and mathilde lamb from pensham , near pershore , died in separate falls .
pupils aged 11 will be expected to know their tables up to 12x12 , and will be tested using an ` ` on - screen check '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
the pm was chomping on the Â # 1.80 snack on an easyjet flight to portugal - sparking incredulity on social media .
danny rose scored twice for the stags to inflict a sixth successive defeat on the home side .
the all blacks were almost out of sight at half - time , julian savea scoring two tries and brodie retallick and nehe milner - skudder one apiece .
avon 's parisian office says only current orders will be guaranteed and it is unsure if its self - employed representatives will be able to get supplies after the end of october .
on everything from music to microwaves , and taxis to train tickets .
reprinting the anti - semitic book was banned after ww2 by bavaria 's regional government , which held the copyright .
haig 's side have won the past six european nations cup -lrb- enc -rrb- titles - the division below the six nations - finished third in their 2015 world cup pool and completed an unbeaten pacific islands tour this summer .
sergei lavrov said the us had broken its promise to separate the powerful jabhat fateh al - sham -lrb- formerly known as al - nusra front -rrb- and other extremist groups from more moderate rebels .
lee nicholson , 39 , from newcastle , was enlisted by clare humble to help dispose of peter hedley 's body in newburn riverside park in november .
media playback is not supported on this device
the good fight star said : ` ` the reason i ' m doing so well is our training , our work ethic ... we learn our lines .
back - row forwards horstmann , 35 , and salvi , 31 , have agreed one - year deals , while lock atkins , 26 , has extended his contract by two years .
the magnitude-7 .3 quake hit at a depth of 10 km -lrb- six miles -rrb- at 01:25 on saturday -lrb- 15:25 gmt on friday -rrb- in kyushu region .
councillors are unhappy ordnance survey -lrb- os -rrb- maps only refer to black rock sands near porthmadog by that name .
the researchers have examined ocean sediments laid down during the so - called palaeocene - eocene thermal maximum - a dramatic warming event some 56 million years ago .
restoring the function of the organ - which helps control blood sugar levels - reversed symptoms of diabetes in animal experiments .
nearly a third of those making applications wanted to put all their debts in one place , a survey for lloyds bank suggested , with another third wanting to buy cars and bikes .
city quays 3 has a proposed cost of # 46 m and will be 16-storeys tall .
ian stewart , 56 , denies murdering helen bailey at their home in royston , hertfordshire , in april .
ronald chigunwe worked for wessex heartbeat , which supports the cardiac centre at southampton general hospital .
activities also include wife carrying , husband dragging , gravy wrestling , russian egg roulette , backward running , worm charming and ditch racing .
california 's court also ordered him to pay $ 80,900 -lrb- Â # 47,160 -rrb- in damages , serve five days of community service and complete an anger management programme .
the motoring organisation also called for extra funding for road repairs in the chancellor 's budget next week .
mark anthony barlow , 48 , of grendon , atherstone , warwickshire , was struck by a grey audi on bolebridge street , tamworth , staffordshire , on 13 january .
at the election court - part of the high court - in london , four voters alleged mayor of tower hamlets lutfur rahman had committed electoral fraud .
13 july 2012 last updated at 11:50 bst
6 march 2017 last updated at 14:51 gmt
colchester hospital was rated as inadequate after a recent care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- inspection found it was relying on ` ` unsuitable '' agency staff .
the call comes after the rcn collected scores of anecdotes of therapy - animals , and sometimes pets , helping recovery .
the club reports that most of the squad have been able to train on friday , and are planning for the match as normal .
it comes after one was found hiding under a water tank in a garden at kirton holme , near boston , lincolnshire , over the easter weekend .
following the announcement of the new global calendar in march , premiership rugby confirmed the 2019 - 20 domestic season will start in early september and finish at the end of june .
he said the bank took ` ` timely , comprehensive and concrete '' action , which acted to ` ` support , cushion and help the economy to adjust '' .
the 20-year - old has only started one game for the canaries since joining from coventry city in january 2016 , but has spent time back on loan with the sky blues and aberdeen .
many developing countries will try to curb carbon emissions by setting aside forested areas as reserves .
the game came to life in the second quarter with tom grambusch and marco miltkau netting for the hosts .
the concept will be known as vulcan , and it is expected to start operations in 2019 .
the league one club have also signed norwich city midfielder ebou adams on loan until january .
the weston - super - mare bemusement park was originally due to go to the so - called ` ` jungle '' camp in calais , france .
amanda thompson , of rochdale , greater manchester , collapsed after eating the strawberry dessert , the court heard .
rit capital announced it will not make a formal bid , after confirming reports last week that it was in the early stages of informal talks about merger .
as nadir ciftci sloped off to eskisehirspor on loan , fellow forward colin kazim - richards , formerly of fenerbahce and galatasaray , arrived from feyenoord just as his suspension for threatening a journalist came to an end .
clotilde nonnez , a 56-year - old yoga teacher , says she has lived in the capital for 30 years and seen her health deteriorate .
josh vela fired bolton in front from eight yards after emile heskey laid dean moxey 's long throw into his path .
the mclaren driver was already not going to race in f1 in 2017 , with the team holding an option on him for the 2018 campaign .
the deal will see the firm taken over by holding company cheil industries , another part of the samsung group .
carmarthenshire 's mark james and pembrokeshire 's bryn parry jones had been given cash payments in lieu of employer pension contributions .
researchers found that the hard working sheep dogs were successful at keeping seagulls away from beaches .
the victim , jason bryden , 38 , was repeatedly stabbed during the attack at his home in kilmarnock on 5 july 2015 .
the memorial , with the names of 27 local people , has been unveiled at the unite building in islington .
the bbc revealed in january it understood adidas would terminate the deal as a direct result of the doping scandal sweeping the sport .
second - year scholars callum pritchard - ellis , james ballie , callum saunders , james jones , fraser murdock and perry ng have all been offered senior deals .
it became one of the uk 's first post - war settlements in 1947 following the previous year 's new towns act .
media playback is not supported on this device
councils in england are being allowed to raise the tax by 6 % over two years to plug a care funding gap .
6 december 2016 last updated at 09:59 gmt
drones : what are they and how do they work ?
the judge held that mr durkan acted unilaterally and unlawfully in authorising the belfast metropolitan area plan -lrb- bmap -rrb- without securing consent from executive colleagues .
media playback is not supported on this device
nine men were arrested over a pitch invasion and flares being thrown during city 's 3 - 0 loss at sixfields .
the hosts took an early lead through former bath full - back nick abendanon .
msc oscar is shorter in length than the previous holder the cscl globe , which docked in felixstowe in january , but can carry 124 more containers .
the aerodrome 's owners had claimed that ` ` permanent unrestricted planning permission '' was granted in 1951 .
his solicitor julia cooper has asked surrey police to explain a statement that he had confessed to the murder .
amirah droudis , 37 , will spend at least 33 years behind bars for killing the woman - who can not be identified - in 2013 .
neil ward , chief executive of the football association of wales trust , said the diminishing sports budget was leading to ` ` unrealistic '' expectations .
lennon , who managed brown , now 31 , in his four years as celtic boss , says the midfielder 's decision would boost gordon strachan 's scotland squad .
he told a rally in columbus , ohio , that he had heard ` ` more and more '' that the contest would be unfair .
in an open letter , he said he loved russia , calling it ` ` a great democracy '' .
police said the man was arrested after a 54-year - old man died at st john 's hospital in livingston .
the animals are easier to spot in spring when vegetation is low and the breeding season is under way .
it has emerged that an original crash barrier was removed , even though the roads service could not find out why it had been put there in the first place .
the local government association -lrb- lga -rrb- says the government needs to find ` ` genuinely new money '' to meet its funding pledges to schools in england .
officers confiscated marijuana in the uk with a street value of Â # 100 million , according to an association of chief police officers -lrb- acpo -rrb- report .
it will close to all traffic at 20:00 gmt and reopen 48 hours later , each weekend until 19 december .
the 20-year - old would have been part of paul simpson 's squad in south korea , but opted to remain in glasgow .
moat brae in dumfries has been a private house , a nursing home and harboured hopes of being turned into a themed hotel .
zambia , who won their continental trophy on home soil on sunday , have been drawn in group c alongside iran and costa rica and will also play twice former champions portugal in their opening match on 21 may in jeju .
strachan has indicated a willingness to cap some of the country 's young talents as he begins preparations for the 2018 world cup qualifying campaign .
the scottish government said the review group would assess whether college and university students in scotland receive fair and effective support .
itv 's the only way is essex -lrb- towie -rrb- has been ` ` largely positive '' for brentwood , where it is set , but ` ` everything has a shelf - life '' , the council leader said .
his sister was married to mohammad sidique khan - the oldest of the four suicide bombers who attacked london on 7 july 2005 , killing 52 people .
steve sankey was elected in the east mainland , south ronaldsay and burray ward of orkney islands council .
it happened in bedford street between 03:40 gmt and 04:00 gmt last sunday .
the right reverend rachel treweek , 53 , has taken over from the right reverend michael perham after his retirement .
she met with pupils and staff at burnfoot community school in hawick on the first day of their new term .
the marine accident investigation branch -lrb- maib -rrb- said it was difficult to keep the vessel millennium time on a steady heading before it struck a tug on the river thames in july 2014 .
grainger , 40 , was involved in many different sports before taking up rowing .
with 100 hours of video added to the site every minutes it can be hard to get noticed , so some people buy fake views .
tom stilwell fell from his neighbour 's balcony in his apartment block in auckland at 02:00 local time on sunday -lrb- 14:00 gmt on saturday -rrb- , reports said .
chancellor werner faymann said numbers would be capped at about 37,500 in each of the next four years , compared to the 90,000 applications last year .
the local development plan is looking at how the area will grow after 2016 and the potential for 14,000 new jobs being created .
hoffman , 40 , sunk nine birdies in a seven - under - par 65 to lead ahead of compatriot william mcgirt .
leader grenville ham said community - run renewable energy schemes and ` ` truly efficient '' housing could provide jobs for thousands of people .
deputy defence minister anatoly antonov said turkey was the biggest buyer of ` ` stolen '' oil from syria and iraq .
chancellor george osborne said the plan , requiring governments ` ` in normal times '' to spend less than they get in tax , represented ` ` economic sanity '' .
the boy was found ` ` safe '' this afternoon and arrested on suspicion of wounding and carrying a bladed weapon .
tom dryden , from earls barton in northamptonshire , described the news as ` ` absolutely outstanding '' .
the case had been brought by the brazilian investment fund dis , which formerly owned the transfer rights to the 24-year - old forward .
the eu ` ` crisis management concept '' is the first step towards sending a force .
east of england euro - mp richard howitt said he is to become chief executive of the international integrated reporting council -lrb- iirc -rrb- , which links companies with society and the wider economy .
a major emergency had been declared at the airport after the italian c-27j aircraft lost communication .
since 2014 libya has had two rival parliaments - an islamist - backed one in tripoli and an internationally recognised government in the east .
it was a week in which trading in china 's markets was twice halted by a circuit breaker , before the authorities decided to suspend the measure .
anthony mcintyre has been granted leave to seek a judicial review of the decision by police to issue a letter requesting the confidential recordings .
the price of brent crude fell to $ 27.67 a barrel at one point , its lowest since 2003 , while us crude fell as low as $ 28.36 .
house speaker paul ryan said he and mr trump agreed to pull the vote , after it became apparent it would not get the minimum of 215 republican votes needed .
anthony mcintyre conducted a series of interviews with former ira members , on the understanding that the contents would not be made public until after their deaths .
initially working independently , they finally met , combined their work and published a book called subway art in 1984 , a tome that was to define the era , and arguably ensure the genre lived on to be reborn as part of the global art movement decades later .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 22-year - old joins an impressive list at the aegon open on 4 - 12 june , including caroline wozniacki , victoria azarenka , and british top three johanna konta , heather watson and naomi broady .
watson , 22 , is charged with an ` ` act contrary to good sportsmanship '' , as well as tackling alex goode in the air .
mellor , 25 , joined widnes on a dual registration contract with wigan in 2011 before moving permanently in 2013 .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- says the full evacuation of civilians and rebels is likely to take several days .
the men , aged 26 and 24 , were in a house in melrose street when three men armed with a knife , hammer and batons forced their way into the property just before midnight on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
4 february 2017 last updated at 05:32 gmt
roedd y farwnes eluned morgan , ac dros ganolbarth a gorllewin cymru , yn siarad wedi i nicola sturgeon gadarnhau y byddai ' n ceisio am ail refferendwm ar annibyniaeth i ' r alban .
gordon , 53 , is also the national league club 's major shareholder and chief executive , and has been in charge of the first team since dave hockaday left the role in january .
the victim was discovered with head and facial injuries in a bedroom of the flat in ross house , mount vernon , on monday morning .
however , the government has insisted there is a link between the attack and syrian kurdish fighters .
alice ruggles , 24 , had told police she felt ` ` terrified '' of trimaan dhillon days before she was found with her throat cut in her gateshead flat .
frederick steiner said the policy was not ` ` appropriate '' for higher education and ` ` did not make logical sense '' .
the 29-year - old has signed a two - year contract with the dingwall side after leaving shrewsbury town .
media playback is not supported on this device
under the agreement , a national unity government will be installed and a presidential poll will be held by the end of the year .
labour suffered heavy losses at the hands of the snp , with the tories defying opinion polls to secure a house of commons majority .
the man , in his 30s , was found with chest injuries in the red mazda in north way , barton , just after 22:45 bst on tuesday .
now the complete ban is being lifted .
23-year - old mawson arrived at the liberty stadium from championship side barnsley in august of 2016 and has performed well despite never playing in the first tier before joining the club .
the london borough is the uk local authority with the highest rate of hiv .
these clouds of particles are released in explosive outbursts from the sun .
thousands of patients , or their families , will be able to apply to the # 380 m pot from next month .
north wales police were called to the incident involving a silver ford transit truck in nantlle road , talysarn , gwynedd , on friday afternoon .
edmund , who reached a career - high ranking of 43 on monday , won 7 - 6 -lrb- 9 - 7 -rrb- 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 5 -rrb- and goes on to face spain 's second seed david ferrer in antwerp .
14 february 2017 last updated at 08:20 gmt
the suspected bomber was reportedly blown out of the plane in the incident shortly after take - off from mogadishu .
ian brown , 44 , and daniel dunkley , 35 , died following incidents in their cells at hmp woodhill last july .
the 9 m -lrb- 30 ft -rrb- tall red and blue statue , dubbed the ziggyzag , was proposed for middle of brixton , bowie 's birthplace .
the met office warning came as it said the weather had led to widespread ice on roads across scotland .
figures indicate that 15 % of people were very concerned while 37 % were fairly concerned , about their spending .
the reid building sits facing rennie mackintosh 's famous 1909 landmark .
ron stone has been described as a ` ` true champion '' of st george west , the ward he had represented on bristol city council since 1985 .
england under-18 captain ryan ledson was one of four debutants as roberto martinez - whose side had already won group h - gave his youngsters a chance .
the takeover of the gulls by swindon - based gaming international -lrb- gi -rrb- was confirmed on tuesday .
they looked at responses to annual surveys that the who had sent to 127 countries between 2012 and 2014 asking about capacity and usage of blood tests that check hiv status and health .
the company blamed the ` ` market decline in eastern europe '' for offsetting strength in asian markets .
the far - right group posted a video on youtube showing members in the al - manar islamic centre in cathays on 20 august .
the 22,000-strong african union force -lrb- amisom -rrb- fighting the islamist militant group al - shabab is funded by the eu .
police and firefighters were called to the fire , in elgin road at its junction with inchbroom road , at about 16:10 on wednesday .
media playback is not supported on this device
katari anuradha was shot and stabbed by at least three men wearing burkas , indian media reported , quoting police .
it comes days after is was pushed out of the nearby ancient city of palmyra .
pottery fragments and the remains of kilns used for drying grain were among discoveries made at torvean .
chase , who was mid - way through a four - year deal at the end of this season , was revealed as a 2016 signing by leigh on bbc radio manchester , although the deal has not been formalised to date .
massaro will take on perry in the first all - english women 's final since 1991 after beating top seed nour el sherbini of egypt 5 - 11 7 - 11 11 - 5 11 - 3 11 - 6 .
mr obama asked congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices .
chasing a revised 327 from 47 overs in the one - day game , the red rose lost their last nine wickets for 31 runs on their way to a 242-run thrashing .
mr trump called off a rally on friday night in chicago after clashes between protesters and supporters .
the uk personal genome project could provide a massive free tool for scientists to further understanding of disease and human genetics .
it was the 29-year - old spaniard 's first grand tour stage win and movistar 's first at this year 's giro - still led by jungels , with geraint thomas second .
johnston has been at the club for 15 years , serving as chairman for 10 .
the accusations were made by russell davy in an interview with the sunday mirror .
media playback is not supported on this device
police were called to argyle street near the argyll arcade at about 01:00
andrea lewis , 51 , was found dead at a home in fairyland road , tonna , neath , on 30 january 2016 , with 43 injuries including to her skull and torso .
earlier this week , a councillor in the scottish borders said she believed people were being short - changed by the rollout of the service .
the anglo - dutch giant 's chief executive ben van beurden accepted that arctic drilling ` ` divides society '' , but said the world needs new sources of oil .
in a dismal dons performance , samir hadji gave the hosts a deserved lead when he raced onto a loose ball and lashed it home just before half - time .
evie markham , 18 , from albrighton in shropshire , made it to the embassy in kathmandu on friday evening only to be told it was closed , her mother said .
ibrahimovic is a free agent at the end of the season and has announced he is likely to leave paris st - germain .
tawel fan ward at glan clwyd hospital , denbighshire , was closed more than three years ago and a report found some patients were treated like animals .
media playback is not supported on this device
liverpool - bound striker dominic solanke picked up lewis cook 's pass to score the winner shortly after the interval .
convicted murderer sweat , 35 , was shot twice and captured less than two miles -lrb- 3 km -rrb- from the canadian border .
the body will also be responsible for the registration and regulation of youth support workers and work - based learning practitioners .
dr barry morgan , who has been at the head of the church in wales for nearly 14 years , is set to retire on 31 january - his 70th birthday .
the 51-year - old had only signed a new contract with the premier league champions in may .
the loggerhead turtle was affected by the cold , had shell damage and had signs of an infection .
the national union of farmers organised the event as a protest about delays in distributing eu farm payments .
the officer was carrying a handgun in the railway station in inverness on tuesday as he walked through the main concourse .
both players could make their rovers debut at accrington on saturday .
tom hardy and russell brand have also pulled their fingers out - four to be precise - for the # 1in4 campaign .
he was pulled from the water by the rnli 's penlee inshore lifeboat at about 13:35 bst on sunday , devon and cornwall police said .
mr king is not the rather better - known writer of horror novels -lrb- though his robust opinions on the dangers of monetary largesse can tend towards sleepless nights -rrb- .
dr waleed abdalati told the bbc the that continued access to data is in ` ` everyone 's best interest '' .
he faces a number of charges .
it forced the band to remain anonymous for almost a year : no photographs , no interviews , no videos .
spaniard garcia , playing his first event in europe since winning the masters , shot a two - under 70 on friday , leaving him eight under par overall .
the 61 - 38 vote on the convention on the rights of persons with disabilities meant the treaty failed to reach the two - thirds majority needed .
the nobel committee praised him for a peace deal signed with farc rebels , but rejected by colombians in a vote .
the john deere tractor was pulled over by officers in the village of ripley and had two other males on board .
king , who won team pursuit gold with gb at london 2012 and is a three - time world champion in the discipline , has focused on the road since 2014 .
the away side were 43 - 4 when the impressive tom taylor -lrb- 6 - 61 -rrb- trapped alviro petersen lbw , but ashwell prince -lrb- 97 -rrb- and steven croft -lrb- 70 -rrb- put on 160 .
all 42 scottish clubs discussed league reconstruction on tuesday , with a 16-team top - flight among the proposals .
the euro 2016 semi - finalists initially faced spirited moldovan resistance but led 2 - 0 at half - time thanks to goals from sam vokes and joe allen .
the former liverpool boss succeeded ronny deila 10 days ago and has already moved into his office at the club 's lennoxtown training ground .
sheridan only took over as manager at rodney parade on friday after terry butcher 's departure the previous day .
kent county council said the continuing flow of unaccompanied asylum - seeking children -lrb- uasc -rrb- from across the english channel had left it with no choice .
the 1,905 claimants had alleged they suffered harm while being held on png 's manus island between 2012 and 2016 .
the bluebirds drew 1 - 1 with birmingham on saturday as lukas jutkiewicz struck in the 89th minute .
beach buddies said it is doubling its efforts with two sessions over the weekend after severe storms washed up ` ` mountains of litter '' onto the beaches .
arkadiusz jozwik , 39 , died from head injuries after he was punched and fell to the floor in harlow in august .
the crash happened at about 17:35 gmt .
the businessman has been at the helm at the st lawrence ground since 2008 .
former association of police and crime commissioners -lrb- apcc -rrb- chief executive nazir afzal was advised against doing so by the organisation 's board .
mohammed al - barghathi earlier said he had decided to step down in the wake of the recent sieges by armed groups of the justice and foreign ministries .
the admission comes a day after mspy told bbc news it had not been hacked and no data had been stolen .
washington blamed russia and the syrian government for intensifying their attacks against civilians .
a mass for eoghan chada , 10 , and his brother ruairÃ , 5 , was said in st lazerian 's church , ballinkillen , in county carlow .
john nelms said on the club 's website that a land use application will soon be submitted with the local council for land in camperdown park .
the official violated the international paralympic committee 's -lrb- ipc -rrb- ban on political gestures .
flint community hospital could be closed under plans by betsi cadwaladr university health board -lrb- bcuhb -rrb- to reorganise its services in north wales .
marjory stewart , of bellshill , lanarkshire , is alleged to have crashed into three other vehicles during the incident in portsoy in july .
the uruguayan , 25 , was signed from nacional two years ago but made just six league appearances for boro , three of them as a substitute .
sam simmonds was forced over as the clock wound down to deny sarries , who beat clermont to win the champions cup last saturday , in a tense semi - final .
pink mist also took the roland mathias poetry award .
early goals from kazenga lualua and tomer hemed gave albion a 2 - 0 lead at half - time but the home side fought back after the break .
the poll was held as former labour mp huw irranca - davies stood down to run for - and win - the welsh assembly election in the same area , part of bridgend county borough .
the welsh national field of remembrance at cardiff castle features 10,000 wooden crosses remembering the fallen .
media playback is not supported on this device
two leading groups , jaysh al - islam and ahrar al - sham , which formed a pact last year , both say the plane was shot down .
belcher and angela hannah 's k2 500 m boat also provisionally qualified for rio pending official confirmation .
the former army helicopter pilot and two fellow crew members will launch to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- on a landmark flight from baikonur cosmodrome , in kazakhstan .
tensions remain between the ruling frelimo party and the opposition former rebel movement renamo and corruption has become a major concern .
german broadcaster rbb found up to 700 cases in berlin alone .
l / cpl kyle cleet marshall , of the 2nd battalion the parachute regiment , died after being caught in a roadside bomb blast in the nahr - e saraj district of helmand province .
strathspey steam railway needs a crossing on the river dulnain so it can offer journeys between aviemore and grantown - on - spey .
national guard troops are now pulling out of the city .
investing solutions received those benefit payments over the past two years by finding properties for single homeless men .
donaldson , 41 , moved to eight under par at barseback golf and country club to lead from italy 's renato paratore .
cole doyle and his family had planned a trip to costa rica but the first leg of the journey was overbooked .
the japanese company posted a 9.9 bn yen -lrb- $ 97 m ; Â # 57 m -rrb- deficit for the april - to - june months , compared with an 8.6 bn yen profit for the same period a year earlier .
a report to its executive committee seeks approval to get the process under way during this school year .
nearly four - fifths of the rcn members surveyed were worried about the cost of their accommodation .
ten passengers on board the bus were reported to have been killed while all four crew members survived .
fourth seed muguruza went into the match having won only three times on clay this season , but she cruised through the first set .
dominic greyer said organisers of the wi 's centennial fair in harrogate asked him to cover up coasters , mugs and tea - towels featuring some of britain 's saucier - named towns and villages .
bell , 19 , made three first - team appearances for dale in addition to loan spells at chester and droylsden .
le saux suffered years of baseless claims about his alleged homosexuality .
a consultation prompted 620 responses , with 98 % saying owners should clean up after pets and 69 % saying dogs should be excluded from play areas .
cardinal tarcisio bertone was donating the money for medical research ` ` to make amends '' , said mariella enoc , head of the bambino gesu hospital .
he was minister of information for the group , and oversaw the production of propaganda videos showing executions .
hooker hughes , 20 , featured for llandovery during the 2015 - 16 season while 19-year - old flanker evans has played for scarlets ' under-18 side .
chernova , now 27 , beat briton ennis - hill to gold at the 2011 world championships in korea .
natalia poplevskaya of the russian lgbt network said ` ` we are working to evacuate people '' .
emily slough launched a campaign after finding a photograph on facebook of her feeding her daughter in rugeley .
the company said it had seen rising sales of mercedes - benz cars and also daimler trucks .
wales start their six nations campaign in italy on 5 february with warburton endorsing interim head coach rob howley 's decision to appoint jones .
milkins ' five losses in - a - row , saw the 40-year - old slip to 31st in the world rankings , but he ended his slump with a 6 - 1 win over hamza akbar .
harsent won the prestigious # 20,000 award for his eleventh collection fire songs .
but there are plenty of other options to choose from , including olympic gold medals , world records and election to parliament .
during the first nine months of 1938 , he oversaw the czech kindertransport , which brought jewish children from german - occupied czechoslovakia to safety in the uk .
in only his second season with porsche , webber and his two team - mates , german timo bernhard and new zealander brendon hartley , need a fourth - place finish or better in the 6 hours of bahrain on saturday to complete a remarkable run of success for car number 17 .
sir tim hunt , who is a royal society fellow , reportedly told a conference in south korea women in labs ` ` cry '' when you criticise them and ` ` fall in love '' with their male counterparts .
drivers face being given six penalty points on their licence rather than three , and a Â # 200 fine instead of Â # 100 .
the bbc has obtained details of the major survey .
arvind kejriwal and members of his cabinet spent the night in the open in the heart of the capital and are now conducting daily business on the road .
this edition in lillehammer is only the second of its kind , with the first coming in innsbruck in 2012 .
more than 20 firefighters were sent to the westmorland shopping centre in kendal just after 08:00 bst when smoke was spotted by a member of staff .
it shrunk tumours in around half of women who took part in a small trial .
critics say the new contract involves pay cuts of up to 30 % , with ` ` normal hours '' extended to include 7 am to 10 pm on every day except sunday .
a bbc crew recorded a party member remarking at a meeting that golden dawn members had not beaten radical left mp dimitris stratoulis hard enough .
the onus will now be on the stormont to come up with new abortion legislation .
the archive of travel writer , war hero and adventurer sir patrick leigh fermor has been catalogued by the national library of scotland .
the 21-year - old prop , who joined the club this summer under their player development foundation scheme made his debut in the weekend win over ospreys .
birmingham winger david cotterill 's deflected shot was the closest either side came in the first half but bolton goalkeeper mark howard kept it out .
simi 's plight was described as a ` ` bureaucratic log jam '' by mp andrew turner at prime minister 's questions in september .
jenny stephen expected bt to connect her home to a telegraph pole visible from her window at a holiday village in corton , suffolk .
the city accepted 105 people from october to march under the government 's expanded resettlement programme .
speaking on a visit to swansea as part of his ` ` say no to the eu tour '' , he rejected the idea that wales is a net beneficiary of being in the union .
north wales police said the incident involved just one vehicle on the b5111 in coedana , llanerchymedd at about 17:30 bst .
the incident happened on the a630 sheffield road just outside conisborough , near doncaster , at 17:00 bst on saturday .
yoan gouffran netted the opener from four yards and another goalmouth scramble resulted in henri lansbury turning the ball into his own net .
for 10 days from 29 april 1945 , operation manna dropped nearly 7,000 tonnes of food over the netherlands .
each team had an early chance before dover captain jamie grimes ' looping header put the visitors ahead in the eighth minute .
the injured pets needed amputations following air rifle attacks in cranleigh , guildford and woking in march and april .
michael sean carson , known as ` ` kit '' , and from cambridge , has been detained on suspicion of indecency with children and indecent assault .
all kick - offs 15:00 bst unless otherwise stated .
about 1,000 athletes , aged between 14 and 18 , will participate in the event , scheduled for 27 july to 1 august .
it happened on the linn road in the town at about 14:05 bst on sunday .
the dons loaned smith , 21 , to united in july and he has five goals this season .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the 27-year - old was substituted after just 15 minutes in the hammers ' 3 - 1 win at bournemouth .
at least 1.8 million more households will be looking to rent rather than buy a home by 2025 , the royal institution of chartered surveyors -lrb- rics -rrb- claims .
southampton solent university made the former x factor judge a doctor of media for her ` ` outstanding contribution to the entertainment industry '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
` ` golden rice '' has been developed by scientists to combat vitamin a deficiency , which affects millions of children in the developing world .
the incident at neil mcevoy 's office took place on thursday morning .
syd 's garden will be ` ` laced with little clues '' about the singer , according to stephen pyle .
the huts , made of chalk and straw daub and wheat - thatched roofing , have been based on archaeological remains found at durrington walls , near stonehenge .
the woman , in her 70s , was making breakfast when jason batchelor of maldon road , wallington , attacked her in her house in purley on 11 may .
humberside police , said darren lee barton was assaulted outside the rutland arms on saturday .
his death was announced in a tweet by talent agency conway van gelder grant .
the ` ` fully - guided '' tours will take place at weekends , when the specially - built set on the harewood estate in leeds is not being used for filming .
the former manchester united striker , best known for his winning goal against bayern munich in the 1999 champions league final , arrived with great fanfare in january 2014 .
lilliard gin is based at the born in the borders visitor centre in jedburgh .
teams discussed the failure of the new elimination format with f1 commercial boss bernie ecclestone and jean todt , president of governing body , the fia .
up to 40 % of goods venezuela subsidises for its domestic market are smuggled to colombia , where they are sold at much higher prices , the authorities say .
the scots started their six nations campaign with a thrilling first win over ireland in four years .
a # 60,000 feasibility study will examine how to alter aberystwyth university 's old college and the costs .
palin , who turns 70 on sunday , said it was ` ` a very high honour '' , adding that his success was ` ` down to teamwork '' .
he also suggested they should not be eligible for tax credits .
the 24-hour underground service was originally scheduled for september , but was delayed over a dispute about pay and conditions .
he is said to have retweeted his party 's own exit poll before voting ended .
media playback is not supported on this device
kester david , 53 , from wood green , was found badly burned under a bridge in palmers green in 2010 .
joe anderson 's plans include reducing call centre opening hours , reviewing libraries and increasing the number of ` ` in - house '' foster carers .
officials said the 1.14 litre bottles of bombay sapphire london dry gin should have had 40 % alcohol content by volume when the actual figure was 77 % .
there is a general belief here that if you typed ghana or ghanaian into a search engine , the words that would be suggested automatically as a follow - up should be politics and football .
the annual roald dahl funny prize is to be relaunched in 2016 as part of the author 's centenary celebrations .
they know him of old , of course , but for many this is a potentially new david cameron , freshly elected with an unexpected majority .
jacqui thompson was arrested in 2011 for filming a carmarthenshire council meeting and sued mark james for libel .
over the same period scotland housed 249 syrian refugees and northern ireland 104 , home office figures show .
the channel 's signed a deal with 20th century fox to show new episodes of family guy from later this year .
last season 's treble winners had almost 50 attempts on goal , with clare shine scoring a hat - trick .
the players , who thrashed japan 5 - 2 on sunday in vancouver , will ride an open - topped bus down a stretch of broadway commonly known as the canyon of heroes .
areas in counties londonderry , antrim and down were affected .
bartosz bialkowski made three good saves to keep derby out in a first half that the home side dominated .
it has been hailed as the most comprehensive list to date .
kingfisher is selling a 70 % stake in the business - which has 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff - for # 140 m .
the 12 january fixture is the first time either side has played overseas during the regular season .
taylor , 23 , underwent surgery on multiple fractures , but the club 's head physotherapist kate rees says he is expected to make a full recovery .
` ` there have been some deaths in jousting , '' he says .
media playback is not supported on this device
the pop star was given the night 's top honour for her multi - million selling record 25 , but told the audience , ` ` i ca n't possibly accept this award '' .
slovakian imrich joni , 20 , stabbed and strangled gordon bolan , 68 , at a flat in kenmure street in pollokshields last summer .
derek serpell - morris , known as dj derek , went missing last july aged 73 .
daniel begg , 21 , of dundee , admitted culpable and reckless behaviour .
beji caid essebsi , who won the first round with 39 % of the vote , is challenging interim leader moncef marzouki .
speaking at the consumer electronics show -lrb- ces -rrb- , herbert diess , head of the vw brand , said the company would have a fix in the coming weeks or months .
the 25-year - old was hit by the motorbike after several riders came down in a crash as the gent - wevelgem race passed through northern france .
benjamin netanyahu said he would raise renewing sanctions when he meets us president donald trump in february .
wolves started brightly and nouha dicko gave them the lead , beating rob green with a low first - time shot on the run .
the victims all worked at the plant 100 km -lrb- 62 miles -rrb- east of porto .
marineland , in niagara falls , was also charged with failing to provide adequate food and water for 35 bears , the ontario society for the prevention of cruelty to animals -lrb- ospca -rrb- said .
after a fifth - place finish in the 2015 motogp season - opening race in qatar , the 22-year - old honda rider finished more than 2.3 seconds ahead of ducati 's andrea dovizioso in texas .
defender fabio da silva is closing in on a premier league return with promoted middlesbrough .
shamima begum and amira abase , both 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , left home in february to join the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group , and two of them are now married .
media playback is not supported on this device
striker robson - kanu , 27 , who is expected to be part of wales ' squad for the european championships , has spent seven seasons with the club .
the shanghai composite was down 1.2 % to 4,565.25 with analysts citing a number of reasons for the drop including some brokerages tightening lending requirements on margin financing .
oliver hawkins turned in from six yards to put the daggers ahead , before matty blair 's strike and adi yussuf 's left - footed finish gave the stags the lead .
research carried out by the fostering network suggests almost half of fostered young people are already living with their third foster family since going into care .
after managing to drive down the rate of deforestation for four consecutive years up to 2012 , recent figures suggest the forest is being destroyed at a faster pace again .
shadow leader of the house valerie vaz joked that cries of ` ` do n't panic !
messi , who had not scored in barca 's first two league games , started on the bench after missing training on friday to be with his new baby boy mateo .
the markit / cips purchasing managers ' index showed activity in uk services recorded the biggest month - on - month rise in the survey 's history .
rural affairs secretary richard lochhead announced the move earlier this month .
martial music accompanies footage of soldiers , and statements by military commanders reinforce the military mobilization under way on both sides of the border .
iain duncan smith , in what he said was his first interview on europe in 10 years , has just told me that staying in the eu puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in paris , while the prime minister was on the tv sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union .
and her ambition does n't stop there .
the cps inspectorate 's report said the cps was slow to contact victims in almost half of the cases it examined and sent letters that ` ` lacked empathy '' .
district judge lucy koh 's move opens the way for us sales of samsung 's older tablet model to restart .
the 24-year - old summer signing injured himself in training on friday as he went to take a shot and will see a consultant this week .
the england striker opened the scoring with a brilliant 25-yard strike over goalkeeper simon mignolet from riyad mahrez 's long ball forward .
he was addressing supporters outside his istanbul residence who were chanting for capital punishment to be restored .
omar al shaikh and amie cresswell , both 16 , tied the knot in front of family , friends and patients on a ward at the queen elizabeth hospital in birmingham .
goals from declan mcmanus and cardle had the hosts 2 - 0 up in 11 minutes .
the blaze started on the deck of the vessel st faith during the 09:00 gmt sailing from portsmouth to fishbourne on the isle of wight .
the us economy added 321,000 jobs in november , the labor department said , well above analysts ' forecasts of about 225,000 new jobs .
media playback is unsupported on your device
it follows last month 's announcement that birmingham prison is to become the first jail in the uk to be privatised .
such values are ill - defined and vulnerable to misinterpretation , argued southend head teacher , robin bevan .
ms cooper , who is standing against mr corbyn for the leadership , also said the party appeared ` ` to be polarising '' between ` ` different extremes '' .
but why has this always been such a struggle ?
finney , who earned 76 caps for his country , is considered one of the greatest players england ever produced .
now the business organisation , the cbi , has become the latest civil society group to argue that a restructure is required .
gaiman 's fantasy novel beat fellow national book award winners including kate atkinson and david walliams .
many favourites were simply wiped away : ed miliband , nick clegg , even eric pickles .
the star will play mrs potts , the housekeeper magically transformed into a teapot whom dame angela lansbury voiced in the 1991 animated version of the film .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 18-year - old came on from the bench in wales ' 33 - 0 win against russia in wellington on saturday .
the judge in brooklyn denied a motion by the us justice department to get apple to unlock a phone in a drug case .
the unrest erupted after a policeman allegedly killed the man and wounded two others during an argument over the price of a cup of tea .
a Â # 100,000 reward is on offer for information leading to the conviction of the killers of 14-year - old charlene downes or the recovery of her body .
sean mitchell , 46 , inflicted four stab wounds on stephen dagg , 53 , when he attacked him from behind at the st mary 's vaults pub in stamford , lincolnshire .
a senior factory official died and more than 85 were injured , including two japanese nationals , in the riot at the manesar plant on wednesday evening .
instead , she became a songwriter for hire , donating hits to the likes of cher , christina aguilera and rihanna -lrb- more on that later -rrb- .
media playback is unsupported on your device
it includes plans to cut red tape , develop infrastructure and make it easier for companies to do business .
rebecca minnock and her son ethan disappeared from highbridge , somerset , on 27 may , the day a court ruled he should live with his father .
in the article on lena dunham 's site lenny , she said : ` ` i ' m over trying to find the ` adorable ' way to state my opinion and still be likable ! ''
the dow jones rose 0.2 % to 19,251.78 , while the wider s&p 500 gained 0.3 % to 2,204.71 , just missing a new record .
the man was refused permission to take a case against the department for the economy , which plans to publish another list of rhi recipients next week .
well , for many people nick griffin was the bnp , and his personal - and his party 's - fortunes appeared intertwined .
the animal welfare charity received a call saying there was an injured or possibly dead snake at green street park .
the 300-acre site , which was abandoned by uk coal 20 years ago , will undergo remedial work before paths are built in may .
the former private , who is in her 20s , has accepted a conditional caution for misconduct in a public office .
reports on friday had indicated that search teams found survivors six days after the aircraft crashed .
john fell , from cumbria , is confident his 1.5 kg ostrich egg covered in meat will earn him a guinness world record .
the move reunites the 21-year - old with former boss david moyes , as well as ex - team - mates donald love and paddy mcnair who joined for a # 5.5 m fee this week .
it comes amid growing concern that the next branch of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- could emerge in the region .
it shed 2.4 % , or 118 points , to close at 4,876 as semiconductor and biotech stocks fell sharply .
the latest protests are a reaction to him sacking two finance ministers last week , further damaging confidence in the economy .
set 284 for victory , england reached 46 - 2 at the close of day four in sharjah - their record fourth - innings run chase in asia is 209 in 2010 .
zohore 's double helped cardiff to a 3 - 1 win over ipswich town as the denmark u21 striker took his tally to nine goals in his last 10 league games .
curle led the cumbrians to the league two play - offs this season , where defeat by exeter ended their promotion hopes .
australia wrapped up the victory in three days after dismissing the tourists for 148 in the second innings .
louis van gaal 's side have won six out of seven games since carrick , 33 , came back from an ankle injury in november .
she stressed that to kill a police officer was ` ` to attack the fundamental basis of our society '' .
` ` this is honestly the weirdest day ever , '' she said as the programme began .
arscott , who spent four seasons at bristol between 2006 - 2010 , has featured in nine games for the club this term .
the changes come as part of what the police force has called the ` ` biggest shake - up '' in policing in years .
complaints have been made across the uk about the fad , which sees people dress up in order to frighten passers - by .
the black and white story sees patrick troughton 's second doctor battle robot yeti in the london underground .
negotiations over who will run the # 200 m metrobus network have stalled as bus companies are reluctant to run the service on a completely commercial basis .
broken swords and spearheads were found by archaeologists on the rspb scotland nature reserve .
ward was on loan with the terriers from liverpool in the championship and does not want to leave after his penalty shoot - out heroics helped take them up .
the 38 year old was arrested on friday on suspicion of preventing a lawful burial and perverting the course of justice .
four buzzard nests and one goshawk nest were found abandoned in moy forest at tomatin late last month .
daniel braxton was driving through towyn , conwy county , with his 18-year - old daughter at 07:15 bst on tuesday .
the californian singer has provided backing vocals for stevie wonder , elton john , josh groban , carole king , robbie williams and rod stewart in her stellar career .
the left - back was expected to miss saturday 's defeat by aberdeen while he sought the advice of a specialist to help with a hip complaint .
shares in miners rebounded as investors looked for bargains following recent falls in the sector .
the warriors could have led by more than 11 - 9 at half - time .
leinster fly - half sexton was injured in saturday 's pro12 final defeat by connacht and requires surgery .
the crackdown combats phishing by ensuring that the websites of legitimate banks appear at the top of search results .
however , observers inside the court said the prosecution evidence was difficult to follow or to understand .
officials have confirmed that of the 184 inmates that escaped , 70 have been captured , leaving 114 still at large .
a 10 ft -lrb- 3 m -rrb- scrub python was battling to retain its grip on the wing as a plane made its way between the australian town of cairns and port moresby in papua new guinea .
the star of ang lee 's award - winning crouching tiger , hidden dragon said she was happy to receive the award in the place where her career started .
emergency services were called to longtown bridge , near carlisle , on tuesday after a 32-year - old man got into difficulties in the water .
a spokesman said under new proposals , no - one younger than 18 or older than 75 would be allowed to climb .
winger kluivert came on as a 39th - minute substitute for the injured amin younes with the game goalless .
judge dw deshpande said the actor would have to be present in the court for the judgement .
the 31-year - old falcons academy graduate won three premiership titles with leicester in his nine years away from kingston park .
all 42 of its member clubs are expected to take strict disciplinary measures against fans who indulge in anti - social behaviour during matches .
the dow climbed 0.28 % to 21,891.12 , lifted by increases at boeing , exxonmobil and chevron .
the move was confirmed during a backbench debate on the row over carol mills ' choice as preferred candidate .
a national records of scotland report said the dumfries and galloway village remained a ` ` popular venue '' .
noel conway , 67 , who was diagnosed in november 2014 and is not expected to live beyond 12 months , said he should be free to determine his own death .
the 24-year - old was released by the saddlers in may after 19 appearances in three years and has now joined their league one rivals .
maxwell cornet controlled alexandre lacazette 's pass to drive in an opener .
a 15-year - old boy told the bbc he survived by drinking water from wet clothes and eating clarified butter .
older people 's commissioner for wales sarah rochira will call on pensioners and their friends and families to hear their experiences of residential care .
the traditional tuesday and wednesday slot used by uefa will be set aside as the first leg coincides with the ` twelfth ' marches in northern ireland .
by convention these are relatively uncontroversial and involve saying something nice about your predecessor despite political differences with them .
paul charles wilkins , 70 , of littleport , cambridgeshire , travelled to california in january to ` ` engage in illicit sexual conduct '' with boys aged 10 and 12 , us officials said .
we were there was written by leicester singer bob wragg for the 1982 world cup finals in spain .
the mako - type mackerel shark was recovered on barmouth beach on friday .
u 's captain leon legge struck what proved to be the decisive goal after 29 minutes , powering a header beyond christy pym from piero mingoia 's free - kick .
cardiff bus said 90 % of its 540 unite union members backed the offer after a ballot took place .
something wicked this way comes , shown on a sunday morning , featured the illusionist putting a plastic bag over his head and walking on broken glass .
the egypt - backed plan had envisaged a regional forum which analysts say might have forced israel to reveal whether or not it has nuclear weapons .
the ukulele orchestra of great britain -lrb- uogb -rrb- said their reputation could be tarnished by the german - based united kingdom ukulele orchestra -lrb- ukuo -rrb- .
it was part of czechoslovakia until the ` ` velvet divorce '' in january 1993 .
the investigation by the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- follows a 2013 investigation by bbc panorama into the military research force , or mrf .
driver henry mcpherson , 61 , from st fergus , died after the accident on the a952 near mintlaw in 2014 .
duffy , 57 , was charged with misconduct for entering the hibs technical area at easter road on 29 march and adopting an aggressive attitude towards lennon .
gwen thomson , 51 , from torry , died after the accident on market street on wednesday morning .
wildschut , 25 , has agreed a two - and - a - half - year contract after requesting a transfer from wigan on monday .
denbighshire council has welcomed a decision by the welsh government to dismiss the claim by the owners of the denbigh - based north wales hospital .
the dufton europa plane crash landed in a field in maidwell on thursday afternoon .
the former bond girl has been involved in early workshops for the production from a script by one man , two guvnors writer richard bean .
at the unite scotland union 's conference in clydebank , ms dugdale accused the scottish government of making cuts to schools and social care .
it clears the way for the team to make their debut appearance the tournament , which will be held in gabon from 14 january to 5 february .
in a brief speech to the national assembly , mr maduro pledged loyalty to the president and said mr chavez remained in charge of the country .
the detentions come less than a week before a visit to cuba by pope francis .
accies travel to ibrox for what will be caixinha 's first game in charge .
the usa captain has been undergoing medical evaluations since last month , his club seattle sounders revealed .
us prosecutors had been expressing their wish to put him on trial in a us court since his arrest in february 2014 .
after being reduced to 8 - 2 , they posted a score of 255 - 7 , with davies and ben foakes -lrb- 90 -rrb- sharing a stand of 130 .
prof simon wessely , said he was ` ` genuinely surprised and incredibly honoured '' by the award .
deputy foreign minister faisal al - mekdad told the bbc ` ` syria is doing its best '' to comply with the timetable to destroy its chemical weapons .
esteban ruiz santiago is accused of murdering five people at the fort lauderdale - hollywood international airport on friday .
the sanctions focus upon suppliers to iran 's missile programme and groups that help to arm what washington sees as terror organisations in the region .
pope francis has sought to stamp out corruption and other abuses at the bank , which handles the church 's funds .
the council of mortgage lenders -lrb- cml -rrb- said that 2,500 homes were repossessed in april , may and june , down from 3,000 in the previous quarter .
the 35-year - old threw a new f51 european record of 17.68 m to score 1100 points and finish ahead of team - mates josie pearson and gemma prescott .
the blue cloth - covered 1935 edition bears the nazi dictator 's signature on the front fly leaf .
a report commissioned by food standards scotland found that in - store promotions were heavily weighted in favour of food with high levels of salt or sugar .
the two brothers allegedly sold musadikur rohaman 's bmw car , his wife 's wedding dress and Â # 1,200 worth of family gold to raise funds for him in syria .
german chancellor angela merkel said negotiations would be ` ` complicated '' but the direction was clear .
the 25-year - old steps up to the national league after 22 appearances for rushall this season .
the four national football associations were unable to agree on sending great britain teams to rio .
the rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles -lrb- 418 km -rrb- west of the western isles and is only 30 m -lrb- 100 ft -rrb- wide and 21 m -lrb- 70 ft -rrb- high above the sea .
lufthansa lost an appeal to a frankfurt labour court , but is making a further legal challenge that could go late into tuesday evening .
the incident on 23 april involved a russian su-27 flanker fighter and a us intelligence - gathering rc-135u .
reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan hinted that using cheap money to tackle economic problems - rather than painful reform - had to stop .
nhs highland said a midwife - led community maternity unit -lrb- cmu -rrb- is to be in place at the hospital at the end of this month .
jebb , 19 , made 21 appearances for the gunners ' under-18 side last term and is an england under-17s international .
mckee netted the opener and eugene magee slotted home before o'donoghue 's drag - flick made it 3 - 0 at half - time .
chuck feeney is an irish american philanthropist who has spent the last 30 years losing a fortune - but all in the name of charity .
scenes of crime officer stephen beattie worked for northumbria , staffordshire and cleveland forces before being suspended in 2011 and later resigning .
cafodd y gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn oriau mân fore mercher , ac mae dros 200 o ddiffoddwyr a 40 injan dân wedi bod yn ceisio diffodd y fflamau sydd wedi lledu i 24 llawr tŵr grenfell yn yr ardal .
5 september 2016 last updated at 18:13 bst
dressed in a suit , he handed out currencies in exchange for sterling to customers at the asda in trafford park , police said .
he says small companies are not receiving the funding required to grow .
the man , who has not yet been formally identified , was discovered in a wooded area near the goodwyns housing estate in dorking on monday .
the 46-year - old has been on the premiership club 's coaching staff since 2004 , took over as head coach in 2009 and became director of rugby in 2010 .
after three wickets fell in the morning , lloyd made 102 not out , with a six and 14 fours , supported by aneurin donald -lrb- 44 -rrb- and jacques rudolph -lrb- 38 -rrb- .
dramatic video footage emerged showing the transasia airways plane clipping a bridge as it came down shortly after take - off from a taipei airport .
they want president dmitry medvedev to be confronted over a perceived failure to protect business against corruption .
gordon culliford , 77 , from ammanford , carmarthenshire , was last seen at about 13.15 bst on thursday at the city 's singleton hospital .
but what 's really in a place name ?
we bring you five stories from the last few days - in emojis .
pre - tax profit fell 49.7 % to Â # 27.7 m in the first half of the year ending 30th june ,
warren hall , 25 , of holland crescent , ashby de la zouch , leicestershire , was discovered dead inside the bungalow on the same street on thursday afternoon .
the care inspectorate and healthcare improvement scotland looked at services provided by nhs western isles and local authority comhairle nan eilean siar .
launched last year , the widely unpopular programme saw presenters mingle with a live audience and included funny home - video clips .
figures shared with 5 live investigates by the charity roadpeace reveal a 23 % drop in prosecutions in england and wales in the five years to 2015 .
trains from nottingham victoria station used to take passengers to destinations around england , including london , york , bristol and oxford .
david west junior , 45 , stabbed his father , of the same name , in december 2014 as he lay drunk outside his home .
two nurses were holding ms gerizapa 's shoulders as a third poured disinfectant into a large , rotting , bullet wound in the 43-year - old 's lower leg .
visiting striker harry kane fired home from the spot in the second half after raheem sterling was controversially penalised for handball .
however , the nation seems divided over whether there should be another referendum on independence in the near future .
gabriel sakellaridis was speaking after mr tsipras won the late - night vote convincingly , but with more than 30 of his own mps voting against him .
in the footage , some kenyan soldiers can be seen carrying white shopping bags , while others appear to take white boxes from a mobile phone store .
` ` nobody risks # 15,000 on a hunch , '' said a spokesman for william hill , who make the band 6/4 favourites to get the gig .
melissa morton , 12 , was among 34 pupils at brentwood school in essex aboard a coach that crashed into a motorway bridge near middelkerke , west flanders .
police said the animal 's owner had been arrested and the dog , believed to be an american pit bull , was now in kennels .
dr henry mclaughlin believes that physical and mental wellbeing can be improved by a daily mountain climb .
however , it said the ` ` masterminds '' behind the murder of gen adolphe nshimirimana were still being sought .
sylvia blackburn , 72 , suffered serious head injuries outside bedford road lower school , kempston , on 19 december 2014 .
using similar technology to face and fingerprint recognition software , the computers have been taught to recognise cells and pinpoint them .
tanks were seen on the streets and explosions could be heard throughout the day in libya 's second - biggest city .
the blaze at the former pontins resort at brixham destroyed the 42-acre site in june 2014 .
japan should learn ` ` profound lessons from history '' , china 's defence ministry said after japan 's parliamentary vote .
media playback is not supported on this device
kevin hurley , surrey police and crime commissioner , said he had considered seeking her dismissal before she took over the national policing role .
the post is being advertised at the 125-year - old peebles hydro .
as many readers of this blog like to point out , a virtual reality environment will never be a substitute for actually experiencing something .
forest green , promoted from the national league , will host mk dons in their first appearance in the competition , while fa cup giant - killers lincoln will be away to rotherham .
the motorway was closed to belfast - bound traffic between junction nine at moira and junction eight at blaris following the collision .
american ward will defend his wbo belt and the wba and ibf light - heavyweight titles that he won against the russian last november .
the world champion has made bad starts to both races and is trailing mercedes team - mate nico rosberg by 17 points after two victories for the german .
the crash happened at about 14:15 bst on the b1191 at thornton , near woodhall spa .
the public health wales study looks at adverse experiences in childhood -lrb- aces -rrb- which include parents separating .
diana sacayan , a well - known activist for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- rights , was found dead in buenos aires on tuesday .
david ellam , 52 , was attacked as he walked his yorkshire terrier , rolo , near his home in sheepridge , huddersfield , last august .
judge angela finnerty said the woman should not have brought the child to england until a family court in japan had resolved a dispute she was having with the her estranged husband .
the culture committee questioned journalists and bosses at the now - closed news of the world , as well as police and lawyers for hacking victims .
media playback is not supported on this device
imran khawaja tried to sneak back into the uk last year - and while his exact activity in syria remains a mystery , police say he is one of the most dangerous british jihadists to return from conflict .
the angry response came after secretary of state nominee rex tillerson said the us should deny beijing access to new islands in the south china sea .
draped seated woman was moved from a council estate in stepney , east london , on loan to yorkshire sculpture park in 1997 .
he can clinch the decisive third point against david goffin that would end a 79-year wait for a british victory .
britain 's three remaining sides in the competition have reached this stage for the second successive season , with champions real madrid , bayern munich and barcelona also still in .
two foxes fans were arrested during their team 's 2 - 0 home win over the seagulls on saturday .
nigeria international ighalo , who has now scored 20 goals in 24 league games in 2015 , beat tim krul at the near post for the 26-year - old 's first early on .
turnout : 394,990 valid votes -lrb- 42.5 % -rrb-
the dow jones industrial average slipped 5.23 points to 16,995.13 .
club president josep maria bartomeu told reporters there had been ` ` a mistake ... in tax planning '' in connection with the transfer .
the boy , named locally as reggie , was attacked at a house in falkland road at about 04:15 bst .
munster sealed a dramatic late victory against tandy 's side as dave kilcoyne touched down to score the winning try .
karoo national park authorities had originally considered putting sylvester down but will now rehouse the animal away from male competition .
archibald , 22 , dominated the event , with dutch rider kirsten wild second and belgium 's lotte kopecky third .
umpires ian gould and richard illingworth , the former worcestershire and england slow left - armer , made several inspections .
` ` what time does your website close ? ''
officers were called to salford royal hospital at about 23:45 gmt on friday by staff who reported a 28-year - old had been admitted with stab wounds to his neck , shoulder and chest .
they were trying to block an anti - terrorism bill which they said threatened personal freedoms .
the bill promises new powers for wales , but there have been claims it would reduce ams law - making powers .
the 35-year - old has been without a club since at the end of last season .
` ` another terrorist attack in paris , '' mr trump wrote .
laura whittle , third at the british trials , joins compatriots steph twell and eilish mccolgan in the 5,000 m.
the world number two is 18 years , four months and 20 days old .
the 84-year - old , who played the british spy in seven films between 1973 and 1985 , praised craig 's performances in his new book , bond on bond .
the visitors raced into a three - goal first - half lead at hampden .
media playback is unsupported on your device
wurz , 41 , retired as a racing driver this week and has been asked by owner stephen fitzpatrick to run the team .
citizens advice said that hidden charges such as line rental and delivery costs could add Â # 20 a month to the advertised price .
the olympic bronze medallist split the strong chinese pair of aisen chen , who took gold , and qiu bo to improve on his bronze - winning performance in windsor , canada a week ago .
eight people were arrested after raids on homes in the midlands and south of england in september 2014 .
boyce , 27 , who had a couple of spells with glentoran , had spent this season on loan at dungannon swifts after being put on the transfer list at coleraine .
lagavulin is launching a single cask edition of 522 bottles of its single malt to raise funds for local projects .
a senior executive at the wall street giant , daniel pinto , said that ` ` hundreds '' of staff may move to dublin , frankfurt and luxembourg .
he had rejected a move to birmingham on wednesday but has now agreed personal terms and passed his medical .
fewer than 400 so - called neuro - technology patents a year had been filed in 2000 - 09 , research company sharpbrains said .
representatives from labour , the liberal democrats , the snp , the conservatives , scottish greens and ukip will be in the studio panel .
the base will be home to hms queen elizabeth and hms prince of wales , the largest ships ever built for the navy .
one person died overnight after being hit by a freight train at the channel tunnel 's coquelles terminal , according to eurotunnel .
police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour .
the times reports that doctors in kiev used a method called pronuclear transfer in what is a world first .
so , if you ' ve been inspired by the action in texas , why not grab your mates and give it a go yourself ?
afc wimbledon are set for the big screen , having reached agreement with hollywood studio fox 2000 for a film to be made about the club .
the american company replaced reebok as the kit supplier for all wales international teams in 2008 .
the 34-year - old - nicknamed ` the beast ' and recognised for his immense physical strength on the fifa series of video games - joined wycombe on sunday .
their 196-run first - innings lead came mainly thanks to tom kohler - cadmore -lrb- 102 -rrb- and ed barnard -lrb- 59 -rrb- .
the 58-year - old plans to develop a giant aircraft that would put spaceships into orbit , rather than lifting them off from a launch pad .
` ` the eu needs a complete overhaul , '' says germany 's sueddeutsche zeitung .
ukip , which won may 's election , spent # 2,956,737 , while the tories ' campaign expenditure was # 2,980,815 ,
but , if the venerable founding father had lived in northern ireland over the last few months he could have changed it to ` ` death , taxes and another rhi story every day '' .
dorothy cooper was seriously injured when a man allegedly jumped into her vehicle and drove over her in a car park in royton , oldham , on wednesday .
the accident , which involved a white vauxhall astra van , happened on the a701 howden hall road in kaimes at about 07:50 .
victoria gayle , 31 , was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body after police discovered the remains of a baby at her home last month .
charles howden , 64 and fiona stanley , 59 both from newtongrange were killed when their triumph bonneville motorcycle collided with a white bmw car .
joseph mensah was arrested on suspicion of assault on sunday before being transferred to manchester royal infirmary with leg injuries .
a white bmw 420 coupe struck the woman under a railway bridge on bradford road , dewsbury at about 10:10 gmt , police said .
the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- data showed the jobless total rose by 6,000 between october and december , to stand at 135,000 .
dr ian paterson denies 20 counts of wounding with intent against nine women and one man at nottingham crown court .
vaughan joined blues permanently from huddersfield in the summer after a loan spell last season but has featured just once this term .
new england manager allardyce takes charge of his first game after predecessor roy hodgson resigned in the immediate aftermath of the humiliating last-16 exit at the hands of iceland in france .
the 28-year - old former bournemouth , portsmouth and leeds united centre - back has signed a three - year contract with the addicks .
the victim was taken to hospital from crown street , acton , on friday but died from his injuries .
hasbro , the maker of my little pony , approached mattel about a deal late last year , according to bloomberg news .
the academies enterprise trust -lrb- aet -rrb- , which runs weston academy , said it made the ` ` sad decision '' , due to falling pupil numbers .
rherras is a 23-year - old left - sided player of moroccan descent who has spent the last year playing for sint - truiden in the belgian top flight .
bbc northern ireland is planning to move from its premises at broadcasting house on ormeau avenue .
patrick maloney , 43 , died as a result of ` ` multiple crushing injuries '' after he was hit by a vehicle at toddbury farm , little billington , near leighton buzzard on 2 august .
leng ouch gathered evidence to highlight how land concessions -lrb- elcs -rrb- were being abused and forcing communities from their homes .
in july , a major bug was discovered in the software that could let hijackers access data on up to a billion phones .
scarlett keeling was 15 when she was raped and killed while on the ` ` trip of a lifetime '' in goa .
herd , 27 , capped four times by australia , was a free agent after cancelling a move to perth glory .
media playback is not supported on this device
bell travelled around the middle east in the early 1890s and is credited with drawing up the borders of modern iraq .
born in malaysia , of southern indian heritage , he came here with his family 22 years ago , aged 13 , and is now an up - and - coming presenter on the abc news channel , news 24 .
herbert kilpin left nottingham to work in italy in the 1890s and later set up the club , becoming the team 's first superstar in the process .
saunders , working in france as a pundit for the bbc , left his car in a short stay area at birmingham airport thinking wales would go out early .
frontrunners donald trump and ben carson , with no political experience , were under attack from the start .
tomkins joins the super league champions with immediate effect for an undisclosed fee , signing a contract until the end of 2018 .
fifteen years on , she still is the only black woman to have won the award - and she 's not happy about it .
the marchwood park and cracknore hard industrial estates , covering 113.73 acres , were acquired by associated british ports -lrb- abp -rrb- for an undisclosed amount .
the parade also commemorates yeovilton 's 75th birthday and is in recognition of the 70th anniversary of the end of world war two .
the oscar - winning actress is specifically backing a project aimed at securing the future of nower wood , as an ` ` outdoor classroom '' for generations .
the 33-year - old celtic playmaker lasted the full game as the championship leaders drew 1 - 1 at morton .
the child 's body was found in a river yards from his family 's home at milton of drimmie , according to the scottish daily mail .
it says something for the way the team have fallen from past greatness that the result they are talking about is the fourth row of the grid - or the third if things go especially well - and some decent points .
police and fire crews were called to the scene , close to lesmahagow , at about 10:30 on friday after a tanker carrying highly - flammable ethanol caught fire .
anthony scouler , 55 , used seven bank accounts to hide profits of more than Â # 100,000 , exeter crown court heard .
the move is part of a major schools modernisation project in the town .
the pop singer from ely , cardiff , topped the list following an online vote from a shortlist of 30 greats .
alexis fuller tweeted members of the england team , asking for the refund .
mohammed sufiyan choudry and zaiur rahman , both members of the luton chapter of the banned group al - muhajiroun , were caught in an undercover police operation in 2015 .
the tigers , who have now won just once in six championship matches , would have gone above middlesbrough with victory .
rather than having links to radical islamism , he was a market trader hoping to make money if the price of shares in the team fell , prosecutors say .
sport england is funding the routes in the bewsey and dallam areas of the cheshire town , where high numbers of people do not have their own transport .
igor dodon , head of the party of socialists -lrb- psrm -rrb- , is riding a wave of public discontent in this impoverished ex - soviet republic .
the 29-year - old finished 11th in the -94 kg class for armenia , where he was born , but has since switched to represent the united states .
china 's growth , seen as a driver of the global economy , is a major concern for investors around the world .
it says this affects the majority of uk youngsters who do not take a - levels -lrb- highers in scotland -rrb- or degrees .
the ` ` flying medics '' will be based at caernarfon airport , along with a new helicopter and rapid response vehicle .
smith was named captain of the red rose for the 2015 season , but only skippered the team in one game after being told he needed back surgery .
after ebitda -lrb- earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation , and amortisation -rrb- , the club recorded a loss of # 142,659 .
rescuers managed to return three other beached whales to the sea .
the 28-year - old had another year left on his deal but is moving to france , with racing metro keen on the player .
the premier league hosts huffed and puffed before divock origi stole behind the leeds defence to sweep in trent alexander - arnold 's right - wing cross from close range .
newark and sherwood district council plan to restore newark 's magnus buildings into a museum about the 17th century war .
the country is the second european union nation after france to enforce such a ban .
he owns the japanese nikkei group media house , which has just acquired the financial times from uk publishing group pearson for $ 1.3 bn -lrb- Â # 844 m -rrb- .
the county council plans to prohibit buses , taxis and private hire vehicles from using queen street .
individual world champion james guy swam a superb final leg after dan wallace , robbie renwick and calum jarvis had put britain in contention .
on a visit to japan , the prime minister welcomed un condemnation of pyongyang and said the uk was looking at ways of exerting further pressure on the north korean regime , including from china .
figures from the association of public health observatories reveal the uk is the fattest eu member and has one of the highest rates of teen pregnancies .
the commons public accounts committee said whistleblowers had often been subjected to bullying and harassment .
a urine sample showed the australian , who rode at royal ascot last week , had the appetite suppressant phentermine in her system when tested on 11 june .
celtic completed a domestic treble after tom rogic scored a stoppage - time winner in a 2 - 1 win at hampden park .
it passed a resolution following an ` ` overwhelming '' vote in favour of staying in the eu , which it said was based on the ` ` balance of existing evidence '' .
twenty - five suspects were released because of a lack of evidence .
the town is home to the prestigious leander club , which has trained more than 100 olympic medal - winning rowers .
apart from good chefs , many restaurateurs will tell you that an excellent menu boasting many scrumptious dishes is a must .
media playback is unsupported on your device
argyle reported the 27-year - old midfielder to the fa after claiming one of their ball boys was ` ` shoved to the ground '' in the 86th minute of the game .
it includes seating areas , a maze and play equipment and has been designed to help children recover from treatment .
6 december 2014 last updated at 09:15 gmt
media playback is not supported on this device
woking council will hold a public meeting on tuesday in response to a petition in june , when 478 residents asked it to look again at the plans .
cavan boss terry hyland recalls seanie johnston , padraig faulkner , ciaran brady and liam buchanan for their game against carlow at breffni park .
former great britain rower emily taylor made the allegations about australian paul thompson , chief coach of the gb women 's rowing team .
researchers from trend micro found blogs on the website had been modified to install malware known as cryptesla on readers ' devices .
` ` stalled , '' she said , before challenging anyone in the room to name a significant change that had taken place in the last two years .
that is the message from police and other experts gathering for a special event highlighting the issue on friday .
the conservatives finished second overall on 25 % , with labour on 20 % , the figures showed .
bielsa , 60 , a former argentina and chile boss , resigned from french club marseille in august and is unattached .
the university said the move at singleton park was ` ` precautionary '' .
james warnock , 56 , has been convicted of the ` ` horrifying '' killing of yiannoulla yianni , 17 , in 1982 .
officials in pakistan , malaysia and indonesia all said they had not formally agreed to join the alliance .
co - op bank was forced to put itself on the market in february after it was unable to reach a strong enough footing to satisfy bank of england regulations .
nation broadcasting launched a consultation in september to broadcast radio pembrokeshire , radio carmarthenshire and radio ceredigion from st hilary , near cowbridge .
the military hero who defeated napoleon bonaparte in 1815 stayed at the kent castle regularly from 1829 until 1852 .
dr congo could only draw 1 - 1 with their rivals in kinshasa , having drawn the first leg of their qualifier 0 - 0 .
dal babu , a chief superintendent until 2013 , said many muslims did not trust the ` ` prevent '' strategy and many saw it as a form of spying .
the new offerings include news bulletins from national public radio , the bbc and others as well as longer video and audio podcasts and clips .
south wales fire and rescue said its crews tackled the blaze throughout the night at the former white hart pub on newbridge road , pontllanfraith .
the stark prediction is included in a briefing document prepared by the university and obtained by the bbc .
ashley yates , 45 , used a spy pen to record images of pupils and staff at the tynings primary school in staple hill , south gloucestershire .
the 22-year - old midfielder returns to his native denmark , having been unable to establish himself as a first - team regular since his arrival from fc midtjylland in january 2012 .
rosberg has won the first three races of the season to build a commanding 36-point lead in the championship .
the 32-year - old joined the national league side following his release by the cumbrians at the end of last season after a two - year spell .
actor lee ingleby , who is starring in bbc one 's our zoo , takes over from neil morrissey , who played the handyman from its launch in 1998 .
david craig ellis , 41 , has admitted killing alec warburton , 59 , at a house in sketty , swansea , but denies murder .
the 2005 world champion , who has lost just one frame in three matches , took just 53 matches to record his win .
the 53-year - old has come under scrutiny since information on sir bradley wiggins ' authorised use of banned drugs to treat a medical condition was released by hackers .
he was held on suspicion of computer misuse act offences after officers searched a property in the city .
` ` i ' m a progressive who gets results and i will be a progressive president who gets results , '' she said .
the world number two won 6 - 2 6 - 0 in 66 minutes and will next play rafael nadal , who beat stan wawrinka 6 - 1 6 - 4 .
lt cdr malcolm wanklyn spent part of his childhood at knockinaam lodge in portpatrick .
justice minister claire sugden confirmed a motion will go before the assembly for approval .
a woman , a man in his 30s and two girls aged three and five were involved in the accident near junction 11 , reading , at around 14:10 bst on 7 may .
fatima elomar , 31 , was intercepted at sydney airport in may last year as she tried to board an international flight .
batsman godleman , 27 , has signed a two - year contract , while thakor , 22 , has agreed a three - year deal .
shares in the 80 % - taxpayer - owned bank dropped 3 % on the news .
the 19-year - old man was arrested after the incident at killylea road during the early hours of tuesday .
police and the ambulance service received reports that a grey toyota rav4 had left the road and collided with a sign just after 14:00 .
officials say 80 asylum applications will be accepted each day , and a maximum of 3,200 people will be allowed to travel through austria .
a statement called on haitians to remain calm until a solution is found .
the rail operator said recruiting trainees at depots across the country would support the expansion of timetables and roll - out ` ` faster , bigger and greener '' trains .
he said he allowed the girl to marry a 26-year - old lebanese man , in a ceremony in new south wales , because he did not want her to have sex outside marriage .
bricks were thrown and fires lit outside stratford bus station and forest gate police station in london .
ian coulter , formerly of tughans , has been questioned under caution as part of the criminal probe into the deal .
mist caused problems early in the day but dunlop was quickly on the pace with a speed of 121.65 mph on his superstock .
filled with jazz solos and politically - charged lyrics , it appers to be a companion piece to butterfly , rather than a standalone record .
richard parks had been attempting to become the first person to take blood and muscle samples at the summit to investigate the effects of altitude .
artis sterkis , 37 , collapsed on the peterhead - registered starlight rays .
critics of bt say it has not invested enough in openreach and want it sold .
according to russian television , the ukrainian government has '' unleashed real combat on its own people '' , while pro - russian gunmen in ukraine are presented as local people bravely fighting for their rights .
dubbed ` ` the finale '' , the four shows will see her play to more than 300,000 fans as she wraps up her world tour .
it goes on .
the environment department said anyone who injures , kills or disturbs arctic terns could face prosecution .
martin made 38 appearances last season for livi , scoring five goals , as they finished sixth , one place above rovers .
the ftse 100 share index was up 0.27 % , or 18 points , closing at 6837.92 .
mr johnson highlighted growing concerns among students about not getting good value for money .
they had previously hoped to have a deal for the championship club , who are in administration for the third time in four years , agreed by friday .
the clip , filmed in norwich city centre , shows two men coming to blows in front of a stationary bus at the corner of prince of wales road and upper king street .
compounding the trauma of personal loss they face a lonely battle to find and identify husbands , wives and children before trying to bring them home for burial .
but many people will be asking this weekend if the 28-year - old is really worth all that money ?
mr walsh , on a visit to ulster university in belfast , said : ` ` without question , it will be an advantage . ''
andronicos sideras , 55 , is accused of mixing horsemeat with beef before selling it on through his company dinos & sons .
21 november 2016 last updated at 11:52 gmt
fifa president sepp blatter announced plans last week to form an 11-person panel to review football 's scandal - hit world governing body .
jurors concluded the 96 victims of the 1989 disaster were unlawfully killed and there were police failings .
the magnitude-4 .8 quake struck at a depth of 15.5 km -lrb- 9.6 miles -rrb- 35 km north of the city of lucca , officials said .
dorset police said officers had restrained the man , who was reported acting erratically in poole on tuesday .
and this year the yacht received a record score of 96 % , the highest mark ever awarded to a visitor attraction in scotland .
nadine foster , 18 , was a passenger in a ford focus when it hit a wall in stourbridge , in the west midlands , in april .
the self - styled islamic state group said two days ago that abu - zakariya al - britani detonated a car bomb at an iraqi army base in tal gaysum , south - west of mosul .
born to a jamaican mother and british father , eric johnson , 31 , moved to the uk from the caribbean aged four .
the move comes after the security council adopted a resolution demanding an end to israeli settlement building on occupied land .
the city also ranks second in a list of britain 's most congested cities , while glasgow is third .
the department for social development has confirmed that a total of 51 refugees will arrive in belfast from lebanon , under the vulnerable persons relocations scheme .
craig nelson , who was also known as craig preston , was found at the woodhead tunnels off the a628 in derbyshire at 11:00 bst on monday .
the nhs spent # 8.84 m on private ambulances in the capital last year compared to # 795,000 in 2011 , according to freedom of information data .
four average 50 mph enforcement cameras were installed in october on a two - mile stretch at port talbot and they went live on monday .
welsh and indian creative professionals will travel to each other 's countries to work together and produce new works including books , music and dance .
the 29-year - old tongan , who joined the giants from new zealand warriors in september 2012 , was ever - present in the 2016 season .
the nepal scotland association said many of its members lost friends and loved ones in the devastating earthquake last weekend .
rizwan akhtar was promoted from major - general to lieutenant - general to assume the new role and is considered an ally of army chief gen raheel sharif .
media playback is not supported on this device
under the first deal with taqa , proserv will build a control system for three subsea wells near the tern platform in the cladhan field .
jairo medina , 62 , a professional carer from chelsea , was found early on friday morning by a person walking by who then called the police .
the 22-year - old headed home from a corner as he scored just his fourth goal in 33 appearances this season .
the 44-year - old will work alongside andy hessenthaler , who was appointed as orient boss last week .
the unnamed man was stopped at turin airport wearing a pilot 's uniform and using forged i d cards , police said .
a black land rover discovery was set on fire in cairds row in musselburgh between 23:30 and 23:55 on monday .
slade said the precise details of the new structure were still to be agreed .
rajab , who heads the bahrain centre for human rights -lrb- bchr -rrb- , was convicted in 2012 of taking part in illegal gatherings and disturbing public order .
plans include relocating the town 's central library and cutting back on the citizens advice bureau .
two of the team 's stars , sir bobby charlton and sir geoff hurst , recounted memories at wembley arena as the crowd of 10,000 relived the historic day .
the weaker value of the pound since the brexit referendum vote means that the uk is now a much cheaper destination than it used to be .
kerri imelda doherty was supposed to see four offenders at least once a month , a care council for wales -lrb- ccw -rrb- hearing in cardiff was told .
mr abbott has said more syrian asylum seekers would be let in but has stopped short of boosting overall refugee numbers .
theresa may has been appointing her first cabinet after taking over from david cameron who stepped down as prime minister on wednesday .
13 july 2017 last updated at 08:01 bst
wellington monument on the blackdown hills , in somerset , was built in 1817 but since 2005 it has been fenced off because of falling stone debris .
viiv healthcare , glaxosmithkline 's hiv business , will acquire two operations specialising in late stage treatments and early phase medicines .
last week , seoul suspended its operations at kaesong following the north 's recent rocket and nuclear tests to cut off the money supply .
bradford , chasing a play - off place , went ahead when wes thomas converted josh cullen 's pass , but kevin keen 's side levelled through ambrose 's volley .
researchers are preparing to contact all 6,400 families in the country affected by the condition .
campaigners from action group plane stupid staged the demonstration on monday in opposition to the airport 's expansion plans .
nathan , 23 , said he was worried being bisexual would be a problem with his male housemates .
a woman in her 20s was pushed to the ground and assaulted by a man on a bike on boundary road near bournemouth university 's talbot campus on thursday .
the steelworks has been on the market since 2014 and the sale to uk - based investment firm greybull capital , would involve a # 400 m investment package .
the tortoise , known as speed , had been in geriatric decline for some time .
bbc home affairs correspondent vincent kearney said it is possible the weapon was an ak47 , which has previously been used in dissident republican attacks .
they argue that the total volume of water in aquifers underground is 100 times the amount found on the surface .
top - flight sides birmingham city and manchester city will meet at the national stadium on saturday , 13 may .
police said the 43-year - old man was subjected to a ` ` brutal '' attack at century mill in farnworth , bolton , at about 12:00 bst on 9 june .
there was a time when by - elections were a speciality of the liberal democrats .
bradley lowery , from blackhall colliery , near hartlepool , was cheered by sunderland fans when he appeared as a mascot for the team in september .
media playback is unsupported on your device
leahy , 24 , scored 12 goals in 158 appearances with falkirk , having joined the club from rugby town in 2012 .
chasing 273 , england collapsed from 100 - 0 to 164 all out , with mehedi hasan taking 6 - 77 and shakib al hasan 4 - 49 .
the package includes a Â # 250 carer 's bonus for those looking after others for 35 hours a week or more .
philip stevens , five , and two - year - old izaak were suffocated by their mother melanie , 37 , before she hanged herself , the inquest in caernarfon heard .
the iron scored twice in the last 10 minutes to make a contest of it , but they left themselves with too much to do , having fallen 3 - 0 down midway through the second half .
the homes are planned to be for social or mid - market rent and it is hoped they will all be completed by 2021 .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 56-year - old man , from essex , was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash in a field off burrows lane , in the middle stoke area , on sunday .
the reactor at yongbyon has been the source of plutonium for north korea 's nuclear weapons programme .
led by rev syd graham , the private service for the couple from bankfoot was held in perth crematorium on crieff road at 12:00 .
britain 's national cyber security centre -lrb- ncsc -rrb- led the international investigation .
sixty seasonal workers have had their contracts terminated early and eight permanent staff have been made redundant at surf snowdonia in dolgarrog , conwy valley .
images of the capsule landing in inner mongolia at 10:05 local time -lrb- 02:05 gmt -rrb- were shown live on television .
police said three 15-year - olds , two 16-year - olds and one 17-year - old struck 14 times in less than a month , threatening birmingham motorists with knives and a firearm .
adelie ireland , which took over the bite group last year , has now gone into administration .
details of a major hack emerged last week , but officials have now given details of a potential second breach .
there will then be a huge bridge party in south queensferry with live music headlined by scottish rockers big country and guests bwani junction .
people in the south ham area of basingstoke complained about the noise coming from the ground between 22:00 bst on saturday and 08:00 on sunday .
fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar rodfa llanelwy , bae cinmel , am tua 17:45 ddydd mawrth .
mr anderson was diagnosed 18 months ago but has spoken about it publicly for the first time for an alzheimer 's society walk launch on thursday .
seven organisations have issued joint advice on vitamin d , which the body gets from natural sunlight .
medics in the city are struggling to cope with the huge number of casualties caused by the most sustained and intense aerial bombardment in years .
a statement issued by the region said the player had failed to recover from a head injury he suffered during the premiership sevens in august 2015 .
the man is said to have been trying to gather details about a german parliamentary committee that is investigating claims of us espionage .
hurtling round the extremely dangerous 38-mile -lrb- 61 km -rrb- street course at an average speed of nearly 132 mph -lrb- 212 km/h -rrb- , takes immense skill and nerves of steel .
tom bradshaw slotted home to put the reds in front and sam winnall doubled the lead by heading his 11th of the season from conor hourihane 's corner .
communities secretary sajid javid told bbc one 's question time the referendum result had been ` ` very , very clear '' and politicians should ` ` get on with that '' .
speaking at a westminster pub , mr kassam said the party should not be dragged ` ` to the squishy centre ground '' .
the move is in response to an # 8 m cut in the subsidy received from the department of employment and learning -lrb- del -rrb- .
the 44-year - old had been in charge at rugby park since february 2016 , when he replaced gary locke .
when he was growing up in the 1960s , vegetable oil was still a precious commodity and used sparingly .
the premiership club are laying a new organic surface at sixways , joining saracens and newcastle in playing their home games on an all - weather pitch .
shaun coles , 24 , of church street , louth , admitted a charge of sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13 .
the inmate , from romania , had been serving a 30-month sentence for sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13 .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 26-year - old has tweeted that she can ` ` only take so much '' and seems to have broken up with the singer via social media .
torrential rain overnight left many roads impassable , while rail services were cancelled or delayed .
the report was part of a campaign to undermine a nation which valued human rights , it said .
paul kohler , 55 , needed facial reconstruction surgery after the attack in kings road , wimbledon , on 11 august .
the injured girl was riding the the hogwarts express train with her family , who were on holiday from tennessee visiting universal studios in orlando .
speaking in kiev , gen breedlove said russian military assets being installed in crimea would have an effect on ` ` almost the entire black sea '' .
howe , nicknamed ` ` mr hockey '' , spent most of his career with the detroit red wings , winning the stanley cup four times .
the twickenham crowd watched england run in three tries within eight second - half minutes as the home side ran out comprehensive 38 - 21 winners .
the hosts led when cristiano ronaldo played in mateo kovacic for his first la liga goal .
the champions paid for a lacklustre first half , where they created clear openings for jamie vardy and robert huth , but surrendered the ball all too easily .
iwan wyn lewis of penygroes , gwynedd , had been sectioned at ysbyty gwynedd after allegedly assaulting his mother .
trouble prompted police involvement outside the ground before violence behind one goal as players warmed up .
the crash , which happened at the rising sun in north bradley near trowbridge at about 06:00 gmt , left a huge hole in the front of the building .
the incident took place close to caernarfon 's crown court and fire station just before 09:00 bst on thursday .
if you do n't like the latter , i ' m afraid there 's only bad news in store - there will be more leaflets and canvassing than ever during the next six weeks .
lee tomlin 's penalty lit up a quiet first period after tammy abraham was brought down in the box by ipswich keeper bartosz bialkowski .
it is in fact the atacama desert in chile , one of the driest places on earth .
google said it had ` ` hidden a few british treats '' in the device .
roedd aelod cynulliad plaid cymru dros yr etholaeth , elin jones , wedi cyhoeddi llun o ' r hysbyseb ar ei thudalen facebook , gan fynnu nad oedd yn wir .
the campaign was launched on 19 july by the iraq war families campaign group , which is made up of relatives of british troops killed in the conflict .
last month harrington won the cheltenham gold cup with sizing john .
the draft legislation was approved by 494 votes to 122 , and now moves to the house of lords .
during fieldwork in the mountains , researchers noticed that thrushes in the forests sang much more musically than those on the rocky peaks .
twenty males were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder or affray after the fight in price street , birmingham , at 16:15 gmt on saturday .
if confirmed by the senate , the 49-year - old would restore the court 's conservative majority , lost with the death of justice antonin scalia .
greater manchester police spoke to the 42-year - old in failsworth on saturday after an abandoned 999 call .
michael mcgibbon , 33 , died after an attack in an alleyway at butler place , with police saying his killing carried the hallmarks of a paramilitary murder .
the 24-year - old belgium - born midfielder has made just 23 premier league starts since joining from porto on a five - and - a - half - year contract in february 2016 .
lines , 47 , followed up a 3 - 0 win over the scot with a 4 - 0 defeat of england 's 1991 world champion john parrott .
two shots were fire through windows of the house in moneyleck park at about 22:20 gmt on monday .
rachid lamrabet , 42 , who lives in london , denies sexually assaulting a 25-year - old man at greyfriars kirk , on 26 august 2015 .
treating wounds in welsh hospitals or in the home and at clinics by nurses costs the nhs in wales around # 156 m a year .
scot knox carded a three - under - par 67 - matching his first - round score - to finish one shot off the lead .
media playback is not supported on this device
in a speech he said , given the effects of the referendum vote , the government had to be ` ` realistic about achieving a surplus by the end of the decade '' .
the animal , thought to be a juvenile minke whale , is about 4 m long .
footage emerged online of people appearing to sing the anti - irish ` ` famine song '' at the weekend , while a band played along .
the 29-year - old , who played for keighley cougars and wales , died from a cardiac arrest triggered by hereditary heart disease .
pauline king , described by police as a ` ` reclusive hermit '' , was found at the avenues on 22 february .
the 18-year - old midfielder , who has signed a three - and - a - half - year deal , was the subject of a rejected bid from newcastle united earlier in the month .
most migrants were said to have relocated to accommodation in refitted shipping containers but some moved their tents further inside the camp .
marcel lazar , known online as ` ` guccifer '' , pleaded guilty in may on charges of aggravated identify theft and unauthorised access of a computer .
of the 7,532 spaniards interned at mauthausen , only 2,335 survived .
the star slid off the circuit at dunsfold aerodrome in surrey while recording his slot for the opening episode of the latest series .
but the long - awaited comeback of noir desir frontman bertrand cantat , 49 , has been overshadowed by fresh allegations over the suicide of another woman in his life .
players did not speak to the media before and after friday 's 2 - 0 friendly win over romania in falkirk .
he says more new arrivals are imminent with a focus on midfield after gaps were filled elsewhere .
in a statement in the official granma newspaper , the government described the project as ` ` a serious error '' .
gray opened the scoring from the spot after shane duffy felled george boyd in the area .
and perhaps to some it may seem bullish to deny the youngest kids a free lunch , even if free breakfast is on offer .
migration watch says this would cut net migration - the difference between the number of people arriving and leaving - from 180,000 to 65,000 a year .
tunisia had faced expulsion from the 2017 africa cup of nations until apologising to caf for complaints it lodged against the organisation during this year 's nations cup .
media playback is not supported on this device
antonsson scored 22 goals in 40 league games for kalmar after signing from halmstads in january 2015 .
northants elected to field first and chipped away with regular wickets as keaton jennings , cameron steel and graham clark were all dismissed for 20 .
the british transport police said the move was a ` ` proportionate response '' in the face of a mounting terrorism threat .
only 50.5 overs were possible at the mcg , but australia still got wickets at regular intervals with jackson bird taking two for 53 .
the us posted annualised growth of 2.6 % for the fourth quarter - lower than the 3 % projected by economists .
it comes as an inverness sufferer claimed that his former employer was deliberately ignoring his correspondence .
the 38-year - old had enjoyed a fine opening round , briefly leading the championship and finishing two under on his open debut on thursday .
the materials , which can sense pressure as sensitively and quickly as human skin , have been outlined by two groups reporting in nature materials .
now the us has said it is moving to seize more than $ 1bn -lrb- # 761 m -rrb- in assets , ranging from plush properties to a private jet , from people connected to the country 's prime minister najib razak .
david brown became ill in maghaberry prison in december 2012 and died later in hospital from a brain haemorrhage .
the influx of migrants has put pressure on the authorities of the northern city to find accommodation .
the alabama securities commission led the investigation , which helps prevent financial fraud against the elderly .
here are some of the clips from our interviews hosted by andrew neil and jo coburn , with films from our reporting team .
oxfordshire clinical commissioning group -lrb- occg -rrb- , which overseas health services , has said the non - emergency service lacks ` ` resilience '' .
donald trump , jeb bush and scott walker will take the stage in cleveland on thursday night with seven rivals .
michelle carter is charged with involuntary manslaughter for her role in the suicide of conrad roy iii .
the victim was attacked in gillians park in blackbird leys at 20:48 bst on wednesday and remains in hospital with serious injuries to his arms .
police have confirmed paint was thrown over doors and windows at crumlin orange hall some time between 2300 bst on monday and 1000 bst on tuesday .
it 's a virtual reality headset which when worn will allow gamers to experience a virtual gaming world .
more than 20 competitors are due to take part in saturday 's event in carrbridge in the cairngorms .
that 's the verdict of scientists who have analysed ancient dna of the extinct animals for mutations .
six documents taken from an old account belonging to mr brennan were published by the anti - secrecy group wikileaks .
us media report that tori castillo , 39 , is facing child abuse charges and the children are now with their father .
the couple , who have been dating since 2011 , we d in front of about 10 people in mazan , provence - close to where the bride 's family has a holiday home .
media playback is not supported on this device
a new free - to - view channel , spike , will show the award - winning series in its entirety when it launches on freeview , freesat and sky tv on 15 april .
liz saville roberts ' private members ' bill is aimed at giving victims more confidence in coming forward to report rape .
bradley lowery , from blackhall colliery near hartlepool , was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013 .
ryan matthews , 62 , was already serving a life sentence for double murder when he killed sharon wall at wotton lawn hospital in gloucester , where he lived .
ackerman was initially banned in october last year after being found guilty of corruption .
proposed timetable changes could have seen four of six services being cut .
29 june 2015 last updated at 11:41 bst
duffy , 26 , raced into a 3 - 0 lead and beat the world number nine easily .
the organisations used the freedom of information act to get details on pay packages for everyone from managers and hospital doctors to dentists and gps .
it 's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise , the first ever positive steroids test in the history of scottish rugby , or the fact that and think it 's unfair that so many scottish , welsh and irish teams qualify for the heineken cup from a league without relegation .
institutions across the uk are likely to be affected by joint action by the university and college union -lrb- ucu -rrb- , unison and unite .
the 40-year - old took over in 2012 and has guided leigh to the championship title in each of the past two years .
the man 's bike was struck by a lorry at 17:15 , near a petrol station north of the roundabout junction with the a830 .
the newly - designed form , used to apply for a divorce in england and wales , asks for the name ` ` of the person your spouse has committed adultery with '' .
the fermanagh mla phil flanagan tweeted after tom elliott appeared on a bbc radio programme in may 2014 .
the ex - pontypridd mp blamed labour 's lack of ` ` radical thinking '' for its election defeat .
the 27-year - old was caught on camera apparently swearing at murray 's semi - final opponent tomas berdych 's team .
sgt louise lucas , 41 , was airlifted to hospital but later died .
the 29-year - old centre - back turned his left ankle during the second half of last saturday 's 4 - 0 win over west brom .
ethnically it is highly diverse , with more than 300 local languages .
colin shields put belfast ahead before scott aarssen levelled late in the first period .
the alleged attack on another woman took place in malton crescent , north shields , on friday at about 13:00 gmt .
bruce , without a club since leaving hull in july , is favourite to replace roberto di matteo , who was sacked by the championship club on monday .
mr opstelten had said the trafficker was paid less than he actually was for money wrongly confiscated by the state .
language was spelled ` ` langauge '' in the original release , put out on thursday .
the 78-year - old actress is famed for being part of the classic carry on ... line up but also became a household name to a new generation of tv viewers through her role as landlady peggy mitchell in eastenders .
well , if you 're lorde , you turn up to the vmas in a half - cocktail dress , half - sweat pants combo and perform an interpretive dance instead .
the bodies of the ex - eastenders star and her sons , zachary and amon , were found at the family home on tuesday .
the 28-year - old has spent the past four years with danish top - flight club agf aarhus .
action on hearing loss cymru said its south east wales support service is one - of - a - kind with nothing similar elsewhere in wales .
the cylindrical device , which was between six and eight inches long -lrb- 15 - 20 cm -rrb- , was discovered at the scaur at kirkcolm on wednesday .
is and other jihadist groups appear to be exploiting new functionality introduced by the app last month , which allows users to broadcast their messages to an unlimited number of members via their own telegram ` ` channel '' .
but the latest cinderella is bucking the trend - and seemingly appealing to audiences as a result .
even though cuba is less than 100 miles away from the us , the two counties fell out in 1959 , and no american president has visited since then .
the child was airlifted to swansea 's morriston hospital following the incident on telelkebir road in hopkinstown , pontypridd , on tuesday .
marie black , 34 , of norwich , stood trial with nine others , including five women , at norwich crown court .
john leathem , 32 , will now serve at least 23 years in prison .
the canaries were all but down before kick - off , and ramsey 's volley on the angle and carl jenkinson 's opportunistic strike sealed their fate .
the chief executive of twitter dick costolo did n't exactly hold back in a leaked memo to staff .
welsh language minister alun davies has written to the corporation seeking assurances over the future of factual and drama production in wales .
media playback is not supported on this device
21 october 2014 last updated at 10:09 bst
twenty - one animals had first beached at staffin on monday afternoon .
mae cais cynllunio amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal i ' r gogledd a ' r de o ffordd ystumllwynarth .
the fire started at about 10:00 in the complex on walter hay court in rosyth , which contains about 30 retirement bungalows .
mr dasuki is accused of awarding phantom contracts to buy 12 helicopters , four fighter jets and ammunition .
it made an operating income of almost $ 4.2 bn -lrb- Â # 3.4 bn -rrb- for the year to 2 october , up 16 % on the previous year .
the staggies won the league cup and have secured a top - six finish .
he began broadcasting in the days of skiffle and was still at the microphone in the second decade of the 21st century .
his comments follow a row between ed miliband and no 10 after the labour leader said pm david cameron was ` ` wrong '' not to oppose israel 's attacks .
media playback is not supported on this device
they are sitting on the dusty steps of a hair salon , feet tapping to the rhythm of music .
author and academic sir anthony seldon says china 's strict schooling style needs to change or its youngsters will suffer , along with its economy .
johnny rodrigues , chairman of the zimbabwe conservation task force , said cecil 's head was found in the home of theo bronkhorst , one of the co - accused .
the council backed a french - drafted resolution to send up to 228 police for an initial period of a year .
the dundee - based company said shareholders had wanted changes to be made to improve performance .
the move showed the uk has no ` ` real influence '' over world events , russia 's foreign ministry said .
the iron are currently sixth in the national league , one point and one place outside the play - off spots .
kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov told reporters moscow was tired of the accusations .
chiltern edge school in sonning common had been rated inadequate by ofsted after following the inspection in march .
the pensioner was found by her son when he arrived to visit her in townhill road , hamilton , on sunday morning .
the international anti - corruption summit - the first of its kind - is aimed at exposing , punishing and drive out global corruption .
the men , identifying themselves andreas richter and piotr koper , appeared on the country 's tvp public television .
the british supermarket giant , the world 's third largest retailer , has been looking to dispose of its loss - making us food chain for some time .
wales international huws , 23 , is a manchester city academy graduate .
the quartet of allison schmitt , leah smith , maya dirado and ledecky won in a time of seven minutes 43.03 seconds , with australia second and canada third .
the cheshire tb eradication group has been set up after a rise in cases of the disease in the county from 30 in 2005 to 116 in 2012 .
media playback is not supported on this device
jamie taggart , from argyll and bute , failed to return from a plant - hunting trip to the northern mountainous area .
media playback is not supported on this device
fifty - nine people had died up until and including thursday , and 617 others had been infected , bringing the total affected to 7,359 , the ministry added .
in theresa may 's letter triggering article 50 of the lisbon treaty she states : ` ` we believe its necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the eu . '
australia centre - back wright , 24 , has been with preston since 2009 and his existing contract expires in 2017 .
the parishioners at st paul 's , shipley , posted the video on facebook in february after a traditional advert failed to attract any applicants .
prosecutors said darren byrne , 40 , struck maria byrne , 35 , on the head at their home in theydon bois after she discovered he was having an affair .
nhs direct initially won 11 of the 46 regional contracts for the service , covering 34 % of the population .
international trade secretary liam fox will travel from the us to meet mexican counterparts to discuss trading relationships .
he vowed to recover billions of dollars ` ` stolen '' under previous administrations .
however , that 's at the heart of the media 's frustration .
the serious flooding affected large parts of county londonderry as well as nearby donegal .
charlie jermyn died in may , about 30 hours after he was born in his parents ' toilet in penryn , cornwall .
hong kong police said a male 39-year - old foreigner alerted airline staff early on monday , who then called the authorities .
she was discovered by soldiers investigating suspected members of islamist militant group boko haram .
the 23-year - old mutually cancelled his deal at the shrimps earlier this month but can train at the championship side ahead of the move .
the french artist cut out paper shapes for collages when ill - health prevented him from painting , producing famous pieces such as the snail and blue nude .
the belmond british pullman arrived at ashford international at 07:00 gmt as passengers waited for a london train .
this is the new virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- version of google earth , as seen through the htc vive headset .
the office for national statistics said industrial output fell 0.7 % compared with january , when it dropped 0.3 % .
however goalkeeper vincent enyeama declined the chance to appear to answer questions about comments he made about playing an international match in kaduna .
raucous fans jumped up and down during an early first - quarter touchdown in the game between the seattle seahawks and the new orleans saints .
a foul smell led residents to the site in march .
female players had been considering striking in an effort to address wage discrimination .
the 33-year - old former scotland under-21 cap , who arrived from yeovil town in 2012 , has signed until may 2017 , with a further one - year option .
soldiers and riot police are manning the entrance of the building .
in a speech , ian murray said the party could take inspiration from dominant figures such as john smith , donald dewar and gordon brown .
the chancellor did , however , confirm a Â # 50 m pot of money to support the expansion of grammar schools .
councils approved 1,584 applications from people with convictions .
the children 's laureate - always a well - known writer or illustrator of children 's books - is chosen by a panel of judges from the book world .
the attacker , a 27-year - old swiss man , also died on sunday , they said .
some pupils faced transport fees of # 400 a year under the proposals from the conservative - controlled council .
under the affordable care act , employers are required to cover the cost of contraception with insurance .
tatiana duva - rodriguez , 46 , is licensed to carry a concealed weapon , but police said she should not have opened fire because her life was not in danger .
the tiny identity tags are essentially tiny imperfections in the building blocks of matter , making them virtually impossible to clone .
new healthway , a book on hygiene and health aimed at 11 and 12 year - olds , is printed by one of india 's leading publishers .
moeen , 27 , took 19 wickets in five tests against india in 2014 but was less impressive in last week 's win over west indies , despite figures of 4 - 98 .
the price of west texas crude sank to $ 37.65 -lrb- Â # 24.99 -rrb- a barrel , a drop of 5.8 % , while brent crude fell 5.3 % to $ 40.73 a barrel .
systems at hollywood presbyterian medical center had been affected for more than a week .
set two years later on from this is england ' 86 , the two - hour drama will deal with the aftermath of the events in that four - part series .
the women , who worked at kinsley academy , claimed their pay had been cut after the contract switched from wakefield council to c&d cleaning .
the foreign ministry said a russian jet flew into its airspace on the border with syria on friday .
earlier this month nick gargan , 48 , was found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but cleared of gross misconduct by an independent panel .
the hosts claimed australia 's last five wickets for 44 runs on friday morning to bowl them out for 308 and secure a first - innings lead of 122 .
dervite , 28 , made 14 appearances last season to help wanderers finish second in league one and secure promotion .
the ` ` marijuana resort '' would have been the first of its kind , but concerns that the stockpile could be confiscated led tribe leaders to incinerate it .
assombalonga , 23 , had three years remaining on the deal he signed on joining from peterborough in 2014 .
the hosts declared on their overnight score of 244 - 5 , setting notts a victory target of 386 in 96 overs at the oval .
media playback is not supported on this device
jill campbell has run the isis boutique in malvern , worcestershire , for seven years .
teresa dennett , 58 , needed surgery after a stroke and the coroner concluded ` ` it is likely she would have survived '' if the operation went ahead .
the government investigation said the bodies were burned at a rubbish dump hours after the students went missing .
six people were aboard a raft on the thunder river rapids ride when it flipped after a collision with another raft .
players selected will become full - time athletes , a move which the world 's two best teams have already taken .
thirty - six whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea at tuticorin on tuesday , but 28 of them floated back to the shore and died on wednesday .
the revolutionary technology will allow wind power to be harvested in waters too deep for the current conventional bottom - standing turbines used .
if you are an ardent brexiteer , stop before your blood pressure goes through the roof .
physics and planetary physics student elliot vale designed georescue with his girlfriend tia mountain , a university of the west of england student .
allardyce replaced alan pardew in december on a two - and - half - year deal with the eagles one point above the relegation zone .
the paralympian was transferred to house arrest last month after serving one year of his five - year term for killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
john smith , 41 , from connah 's quay , deeside , staged seven collisions in chester allowing more than 200 people to make false personal injury claims .
operation stack is the name given to a queuing system where lorries waiting to cross the channel park on closed sections of the m20 .
writing on his instagram account , the singer explained he was ` ` taking the opportunity of not having to be anywhere ... to travel the world '' .
uche ikpeazu gave the us the perfect start , netting in the seventh minute with a deflected shot that wrong - footed goalkeeper russell griffiths .
media playback is not supported on this device
gkn aerospace in yeovil , somerset , which makes airframes for royal navy helicopters , said the potential loss of the contact puts 230 jobs at risk .
in a damning new report , the group also called for an ` ` independent and impartial '' inquiry into cases of abuse .
asad khan , from bradford , who died in september was a pupil at the city 's beckfoot upper heaton school .
these were the first mid - air attacks by fighter jets since a bill authorising such action against illegal planes was approved earlier this month , the bolivarian armed forces said .
the safety guidance comes on back to the future day - the date marty and doc visited the future in the second of the three time - hopping films and discovered people riding hoverboards .
fattah , 59 , was found guilty on 23 counts including racketeering , fraud and money laundering .
tanzanian ahmed ghailani , 36 , was found guilty in november of conspiracy to damage or destroy us property with explosives but was cleared of murder .
its attorney general says the new version is fundamentally the same as the first , calling it ` ` muslim ban 2.0 '' .
cafodd cerys yemm ei lladd gan matthew williams , 34 , ym mis tachwedd 2014 yng ngwesty ' r sirhowy arms yn argoed , sir caerffili .
that was certainly the case when i met up with my friend kerrie the other week and asked why she smelled of bliss on toast .
lowry is five under par but still has four holes to play on sunday before starting his final round at oakmont .
ex - bbc journalist jacky sutton , 50 , was found dead in a toilet at the city 's ataturk airport between 17 - 18 october .
media playback is not supported on this device
fit - again midfielder jimmy ryan had instant impact , setting up ash hunter to lob in the opener early on .
bakr hamad , 38 , of hull , sharif kadir , 52 , of sheffield , zana rahim , 32 , of derby and awat hamasalih , 33 , of birmingham , appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on friday .
a 52-year - old woman died and a 16-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital following an incident in penilee road on friday .
amy simpson , 18 , died when her car left the road near the village of dalavich , on the banks of loch awe , on tuesday .
ms sturgeon had said she hoped the ` ` national survey '' would involve two million people across the country .
rosberg was 0.275 seconds quicker than ferrari 's kimi raikkonen , with the red bulls of max verstappen and daniel ricciardo close behind .
broadband suppliers will now have to show upfront and monthly costs , without separating out line rental prices , according to the changes brought in by the advertising standards authority .
the incidents , which occurred overnight between sunday and monday , took place in granton , boswall , trinity and hawthornvale .
if you were sold ppi via your credit card then the differences can amount to thousands of pounds .
the 26-year - old , who has been at the kcom stadium since 2015 , was out of contract at the end of this season .
the 21-year - old , who joined chelsea in january 2012 , spent last season on loan at english championship side middlesbrough , making 22 appearances .
mr jammeh , thought to now be in equatorial guinea , is not the first leader accused of lining his own pockets with state funds .
my brother is a superhero is focused on luke - named after solomons ' own son - whose brother zack is given special powers to help save two universes .
feminist groups were joined outside belfast city hall by people supporting gay rights , immigrants and the disabled .
stuart hogg -lrb- scotland -rrb-
local authorities can apply for funds to support weekly collections , as well as for initiatives offering residents reward vouchers for recycling rubbish .
led by ` ` generals '' mohammed sajjad , 38 , from cardiff , and imtiaz ali , 35 , from newport , the group were involved in bringing the class a drug into wales .
isis academy in oxford said it had rebranded as ` ` iffley academy '' to protect its ` ` reputation , integrity and image '' .
matt mckeown from plymouth , south - west england , has created a super trolley with a motor and special wheels .
` ` hope made a poor decision that has resulted in a negative impact on us soccer and her team - mates , '' head coach jill ellis said .
in the other semi - final salford red devils play wigan warriors , the only side outside of super league 's top four left in the competition .
the star of tv series dexter and six feet under , hall played the lead role in bowie 's musical lazarus , which premiered shortly before his death .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the drones were designed to bring the internet to remote rural areas , complementing its loon project - a similar initiative using hot air balloons .
police said the woman was the only person in a northbound vehicle that collided with a car occupied by two adults and two children at about 10:50 .
the eight - day hearing in ebbw vale is examining the request to take over 250 hectares -lrb- 600 acres -rrb- of common land .
net profit at germany 's biggest lender fell 98 % to $ 20 m -lrb- # 16.7 m -rrb- , compared with $ 796 m for the same period in 2015 .
it was the exiles ' first pre - season defeat this summer , and a huge boost for new welsh premier side barry .
it 's an ambition voiced by many children .
the visitors ' swift , sharp passing and ruthlessness in the final third created goals for andy halliday , jason holt and the excellent barrie mckay .
it is one of the key ways they say they are going to pay for their spending promises .
juhel miah had flown to reykjavik , iceland , with the party from llangatwg community before boarding an onward flight to new york .
this includes stadium safety expert paul scott .
the websites you visit often track where you came from and watch where you head off to next .
but ahmet davutoglu said air strikes on is positions close to the syria / turkey border and on kurdish pkk separatists in iraq could ` ` change the game '' .
the annual festival started back in 1945 .
the former hsbc bank building on the corner of bute street and james street is due to house 16 flats including a four - bedroom penthouse apartment .
media playback is not supported on this device
the actor said he was ` ` thrilled '' to be asked to portray tommy butler in the great train robbery : a copper 's tale .
they are the first duo to host the saturday night show ; they replace dermot o'leary who announced he was leaving last month after eight years .
the ibrox outfit cut the gap to nine points with sunday 's win .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 24-year - old former brentford and swindon man scored once in 46 league appearances in 2016 - 17 .
a stretch of the 100 ft -lrb- 30 m -rrb- - high cliff in east cliff , close to the memorial for red arrows pilot jon egging , fell away on sunday morning , taking fencing and benches with it .
` ` ok , folks , good morning and welcome , what have we got from the weekend ? ''
the charity said the new technology would provide an alternative to road ambulance journeys , offering significantly quicker transport of vulnerable babies between hospitals .
5 february 2015 last updated at 07:28 gmt
the warriors led 13 - 6 at the break , zander fagerson going over for a try with duncan weir and leinster 's fergus mcfadden kicking two penalties apiece .
the body of malcolm ballantyne , known as malky , was found at his home in glebe place by a family member shortly after 13:00 on friday .
the number of corporate insolvencies fell year - on - year by 21 % , to stand at 188 , in the first three months of 2015 .
under - strength pau offered stubborn early resistance matching blaine scully 's try with one by daniel ramsey .
the 18-year - old man is still in hospital after the incident at leicester 's west gate school on 27 january .
morgan - smith was available on a free transfer after he was released by the latics , having made only four starts for the league one club this season .
during a drive to tackle overflowing bins around leith walk , officials found that more than half of firms they visited did not have the correct waste collection contracts in place .
leela samson quit after an appeals board approved the film messenger of god , directed by and starring guru gurmeet ram rahim singh .
professional darts corporation chief executive porter landed the same role with the o 's under barry hearn in 2006 .
23 december 2016 last updated at 01:13 gmt
thomas bebbington , 22 , from shrewsbury , was last seen entering the river near the dana steps at about 19:20 gmt on 10 november .
the fine follows the conviction of former rbs trader , shirlina tsang , for fraud last year .
29 july 2016 last updated at 08:38 bst
quick - step floors ' trentin reeled in and surged past spain 's juan jose lobato , with belgium 's tom van asbroeck third in tarragona .
mobile measurement firm rootmetrics conducted over 840,000 checks , ranking operators for reliability and speed of voice , data and text services .
overnight leader rickie fowler missed out on an automatic ryder cup place after carding a three - over round of 74 on sunday to finish joint seventh .
organisers said this year 's festival would celebrate and champion ms suu kyi 's cause and world vision .
the twin - engined cn235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of codazzi , in cesar province , having reported engine difficulties .
marmalade , a 13-year - old ginger cat , was found nearly four months after going missing from tracy brewster 's maidstone home in july .
a statement from the counter - terrorism bureau urged particular caution in the south - west of india .
the inquiry will look at historical abuse of children in care in scotland .
the office for national statistics said the quantity of goods bought between april and may fell by 1.2 % , which was worse than economists had expected .
it effectively completes the four - year - old software 's transformation from a ` ` lightweight '' chat app , spun off from the main facebook site , into a fully - fledged ` ` platform '' of its own .
sophia , as she called herself , charged $ 5 -lrb- Â # 3.50 -rrb- a week to be in a relationship with me on facebook .
newsbeat has just the place for them .
the 10-part channel 4 and sony pictures television series , based on dick 's short stories , will star breaking bad 's bryan cranston .
surman , 28 , arrives back at dean court having previously spent two spells on loan at the championship club .
hundreds of people have gone to hospital , complaining of breathing difficulties and skin problems .
she was speaking after inquests concluded that 96 liverpool fans were unlawfully killed in the disaster .
a penalty try and scores from alex goode and chris wyles gave sarries a 24 - 3 lead at half - time .
18 november 2015 last updated at 15:00 gmt
the 28-year - old , who has been first choice for the chiefs this season , has torn a pectoral muscle .
the 17-year - old posted a picture of thomas mair on facebook the day the mp died , praising him for his actions .
the ni composite economic index -lrb- nicei -rrb- showed growth of 0.3 % when compared to the first quarter of the year .
the german was 0.207 seconds quicker than williams driver valtteri bottas .
the technology and administration services provider , which employs 300 people in northern ireland , has won a government contract worth # 500,000 .
turkish forces have targeted so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- inside syria , but have also gone after kurdish fighters in the same region .
emily gardner , 14 , from gloucester , drowned when an ill - fitting buoyancy aid snagged on a speedboat which capsized in brixham , devon in may 2015 .
even with the usual caveats attached to opinion polls , a 65 % to 17 % majority for northern ireland remaining in the uk suggests little room for doubt .
find out how you can join in and submit your images and videos below .
police briefly detained the protesters .
using measurements from an infrared telescope in hawaii , a uk and us team found evidence for temperatures as high as 1,500 c - hundreds of degrees warmer than anywhere else on the planet .
from a team that lays claim to being the first world cup winner to a side featuring chris waddle 's son , the qualifying rounds are full of interesting stories .
the chesterfield striker denies raping a 19-year - old woman at a premier inn in rhuddlan , denbighshire , on 30 may 2011 .
ryan thomas mcmanus , 31 , from ava street in belfast and ryan milligan , 29 , from manse road in dundrum were given seven - year terms for over 40 drugs offences .
the proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the us .
adrian ismay , who was 52 and a father of three , was seriously hurt after a booby - trap device exploded under his van in belfast on 4 march .
sergei glazyev said the us was spending $ 20 m -lrb- Â # 12.3 m ; 14.8 m euros -rrb- a week on ukrainian opposition groups , supplying ` ` rebels '' with arms among other things .
salahuddin quader chowdhury , the first member of the bangladesh national party -lrb- bnp -rrb- to be tried by the court , was found guilty of nine out of 23 charges .
the tweet , which has since been deleted , read : ` ` the pride community is everybody , not just lgbtq people .
pick , 21 , and bateman , 25 , were caught with anabolic steroids in their systems during out - of - competition tests .
the bbc sports personality of the year will be named during a live awards show on sunday , 14 december 2014 -lrb- bbc one & bbc one hd -rrb- .
for many people with severe disabilities , their families and carers , this is a reality they are faced with every time they leave the house .
alex hartley took 4 - 24 and katherine brunt 3 - 35 as the hosts were bowled out for 155 , despite captain stafanie taylor 's 57 .
the man was seriously injured when he was struck at kentish town station in north london on wednesday .
a government spokesman said the bodies were found near the city of al bayda , close to the site of the kidnapping .
umar farouk abdulmutallab , 25 , pleaded guilty to attempting to blow up a commercial plane as a would - be suicide mission for al - qaeda .
colin gregg , 75 , is said to have indecently assaulted four boys aged between 10 and 14 over three decades .
the northern ireland rare disease partnership aims to give sufferers and their carers an independent voice .
myra forde 's ex - lawyer says she did not state that the late pm was a client , nor did she threaten to expose him if a prosecution against her was continued .
terrie kirby , 16 , alexandra binns , 18 , ryan beal , 20 , and brandon brown , 20 , died following the crash on the a6201 between upton and hemsworth on 27 september .
11 may 2016 last updated at 08:17 bst
margaret jamieson , 70 , from peebles , suffered fatal injuries in the accident at about 16:40 on monday on the a703 , north of redscarhead .
malcolm layfield , 63 , denies raping an 18-year - old from chetham 's school of music in the early 1980s .
msps on the equalities and human rights committee said more needed to be done to tackle the problem in schools .
the visitors went ahead when gary roberts won possession and found michael smith to slide the ball home .
communities across wales were hit by sunday 's deluge and north wales fire and rescue service said they received 30 calls .
the first championships took place in 1877 at the all england club in london , where it 's still held today .
the 34-year - old 's ban now expires on 1 june 2018 , instead of 25 october 2018 .
brandon flowers invites the bbc into his bedroom .
network rail is doing work in the chipping sodbury and alderton tunnels and building a new platform at bristol parkway .
the world number 45 took the first set but lost 6 - 7 -lrb- 2 - 7 -rrb- 6 - 4 6 - 4 against the reigning us open champion .
dan coats also told a senate panel he did not think it was ` ` appropriate '' to discuss his conversations with the president at a public hearing .
sp manweb is set to put up 18 pylons linking two wind farms in clocaenog forest with a substation at glascoed , near st asaph .
the key moment was a fumble by mayo keeper robert hennelly early in the second half which gifted dublin a penalty scored by diarmuid connolly .
the $ 5 m -lrb- ? ?
maj - gen yair golan said on the eve of thursday 's annual holocaust day that he detected trends in israeli society suggestive of ` ` nauseating processes '' that occurred in 1930s nazi germany .
officers seized the maserati grancabrio - a basic model of which can cost up to # 100,000 new - on king 's road in kingston on suspicion of it having no insurance .
the lorenz sz42 - known as hitler 's ` ` unbreakable '' cipher machine - is on loan to the national museum of computing at bletchley park .
at least 24 cadets were reported to have been left unconscious because pillows were stuffed with hard objects .
microsoft has revealed details of a login system for the next version of windows based around pictures a user stores on a touchscreen device .
eleven care workers are to be sentenced later for the maltreatment and neglect of five patients at winterbourne view .
shiv kumar yadav has also been charged with ` ` criminal intimidation '' of the 26-year - old woman , reports said .
they introduced it 10 years ago when the west african country was suffering from a shortfall of nurses as many headed off for better opportunities in the west .
the american , 32 , carded a first round two - under - par 70 , leaving him four shots behind leader francesco molinari .
paw patrol 's skye and marshall did not appear at a christmas lights switch on in londonderry on thursday night .
media playback is not supported on this device
nether edge green party councillor , alison teal , was served with a legal notice for her involvement in protests against sheffield city council 's tree felling programme .
the 39-year - old has passed the premier league and football league 's fit and proper person test and will become chairman of the west midlands side .
the 18-year - old was found in caldy walk , islington , shortly after 18:00 bst on wednesday and died a short time later in hospital .
after the ignominious fall of presidents ben ali in tunisia and hosni mubarak of egypt , it was widely noted that these events disproved the ` arab exception ' - the belief , held in the face of mountains of contradictory evidence , that arabs did not want democracy .
the 26-year - old has made just one appearance since joining posh in november , scoring in the 3 - 2 win over former club barnsley .
an ifa disciplinary committee opted not to impose any sanction after finding that carrick did not properly implement manager gary haveron 's touchline ban .
lawless , 31 , was a free agent , having been released by luton town when his contract at kenilworth road expired at the end of last season .
there is an armed police presence at the donington park rock music festival in leicestershire in the wake of the london and manchester terror attacks .
in part the answer might be that they are not as solid as we have been led to believe .
around 150 countries are meeting in kigali to try and agree a speedy ban on hydrofluorocarbon -lrb- hfc -rrb- gases .
the rate hit 5.1 % in the three months to november - its lowest rate since the three months to october 2005 , according to the office for national statistics .
xavi , 36 , is currently playing for al sadd sc but won 14 major honours under guardiola at barcelona over four years .
yates , 19 , spent time on loan at both national league club barrow and league one side shrewsbury last term .
dean melnyk , 20 , of lockerbie , was found guilty by a jury of murdering kevin mackay in ecclefechan .
almost completely cut off for centuries , it has tried to let in some aspects of the outside world while fiercely guarding its ancient traditions .
john porter 's brother mike , 66 , died at the scene after the men were knocked to the ground by cows in wiltshire .
the 54-year - old has left his job as assistant first - team coach at barnet to join the national league club on a rolling contract .
former mep turned am eluned morgan spoke a year on from the referendum when wales voted to leave the eu .
cryptography was once controlled by the state and deployed only for military and diplomatic ends .
alice gibson - watt , 34 , died in 2012 from a brain injury caused by a cardiac arrest , an inquest jury concluded .
probably not - for two sets of reasons .
back - row henderson has a hamstring tear while wing bowe is recovering from a serious knee injury .
police said the attackers entered the property on craigmillar castle road at about 20:15 on friday .
the bird , which is named lm12 , arrived on thursday , the earliest reappearance of a resident bird there in almost 50 years .
she made the announcement on social media saying she had gone into the most recent series having decided it would be her last one .
in the three months to june 2014 , there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption , compared with 1,830 in the three months to september 2013 .
media playback is not supported on this device
it 's no joke .
` ` this will give all european leagues total freedom to schedule their matches as they see fit , '' said the european professional football leagues group .
the eggs command a high price from farms which produce meat , leather and other goods , so there are plenty of people willing to take on the risky job .
following the revelations of inappropriate relationships , the home affairs select committee has called for an urgent review of laws governing undercover policing .
the new deal will see the 20-year - old striker stay at the club until 2019 .
the report focuses on the impact of sea level rises on the dawlish to teignmouth line which connects cornwall and devon to the rest of the uk .
the president argued that even if the accord was fully implemented it would only have a ` ` tiny , tiny '' impact .
clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so that they are available for testing at all times .
pte matthew boyd , 20 , was off - duty on a night out in brecon when he was punched and beaten by jake vallely .
the motorist was stopped on the mi8 on his way to work at about 13.30 bst , tweeted humberside police .
employers with 11 or more parking spaces now have to pay nottingham city council # 288 a year per space under the workplace parking levy .
jessica chisnall , 15 , was hit by the bike on ashton 's green drive in st helens as she walked home from school on 13 january .
ian domingo , from dumfries , had been in london for a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the campaign in which his grandfather was killed .
police fired tear gas to disperse protesters angered at their handling of sunday 's event , witnesses told the bbc .
stephen pearson and martyn woolford gave the hosts a deserved half - time lead after a dominant first half .
leroy fer gave the hosts a first - half lead when he steered the ball home from close range at the back post after baston borja 's knockdown from a corner .
her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary -lrb- hmic -rrb- said the dyfed - powys and north wales forces ` ` required improvement '' .
those arrested include two builders , police officers and municipality officials .
kane scored twice in saturday 's 3 - 0 win over norwich to reach 11 premier league goals this season and 27 for 2015 , breaking teddy sheringham 's club record for league goals in a calendar year .
graeme asks : now that the eu referendum vote has been declared to leave eu , is it not possible for the government to have a second referendum vote just the same as snp wants to have another referendum for independence .
edmund backed up two wins in qualifying with a 6 - 3 6 - 2 victory over world number 73 garcia - lopez in beijing .
the pro12 side are to switch from murrayfield from january to may with a view to playing the 2017 - 18 campaign at the george watson 's college ground .
` ` none of the computers or machines worked except for the general electric - powered machines like the mris -lsb- magnetic resonance imaging -rsb- , '' recalled mykhailo radutskyi , president of the boris clinic - kiev 's largest medical clinic .
her stepson , filmmaker carlo alberto pinelli , told the hollywood reporter that she had died on 1 may in spain .
the scottish champions went out 4 - 3 on aggregate after a 2 - 0 defeat in sweden .
ross , 39 , has agreed a deal that runs initially until the summer of 2016 .
the monitoring of paramilitary activity in northern ireland was conducted by the imc up until 2011 .
the visitors started brightly and broke the deadlock in the seventh minute when rhys browne found the bottom corner of ryan clarke 's net .
the money is owed by absent parents who have been referred to the child support agency .
the 32-year - old scored 25 points on sunday to pass the milestone in his 10th season with the cavaliers .
flight mu736 was heading from sydney , australia to shanghai , but the pilot reported problems with the engine about one hour after taking off .
the 19-year - old moved to glasgow a year ago and has played in more than 40 games for the scottish champions .
the incident , in a village in western bengkulu province , sparked a rare debate in indonesia about sexual violence .
after talks in nairobi , president obama and kenyan counterpart uhuru kenyatta said they were ` ` united against terrorism '' and efforts to deal with it .
nye frankie newman , 17 , from aldershot in hampshire , died in the french capital on new year 's day .
this time the poll was held under a new constitution , designed to prevent a repeat of that violence when more than 1,000 people died when supporters of rival candidates clashed .
the warning comes as the scottish curry industry will celebrate its annual awards ceremony in glasgow on monday .
that 's how david miliband , who heads the international rescue committee , recently phrased two pressing goals for syria .
the 1999 open winner has dropped to 424th on the world rankings from a high of 26 .
slovakia is launching a legal challenge to mandatory quotas that were passed in a majority vote on tuesday .
prime minister matteo renzi said it was hard to seek eu help on migration ` ` when some regions in your own country say the problem has nothing to with them '' .
the crash happened outside castle bytham , south of grantham , on wednesday afternoon .
the detective leading the enquiry said the soldiers are not obliged to speak to the police because they are being treated as witnesses and not suspects .
many people have been reluctant to seek medical treatment for ebola , fearing that diagnosis might mean death as there is no proven cure .
they held private meetings with theresa may in the wake of the hillsborough inquests , which ended in april .
the man was injured by accident on ` ` soft ground '' near okehampton in devon , police said .
mr oyston sued stephen reed over material posted on a fans ' webzine , back henry street , in june 2015 .
11 august 2015 last updated at 19:18 bst
media playback is not supported on this device
the county council plans to build 200 council homes and 300 affordable homes .
the cameras will be operated by the canadian urthecast company , which intends to stream high - resolution video of the planet to web users .
it is part of a wider disposal of problem debt on both sides of the irish border .
police said that someone opened fire from a passing car and witnesses spoke of up to a dozen shots being fired close to the main police station .
hannah witheridge , 23 , and david miller , 24 , were found dead on a beach on the island of koh tao on monday .
wilson rejoined championship side forest from celtic for # 2.5 m in august 2013 , but has been without a team since being released in may .
giving evidence against ralph clarke the woman , now in her 50s , said she did not want ` ` to go to my grave knowing that i let him get away with it '' .
vokes is now tied to the turf moor club until the end of the 2018 - 19 season .
public services minister leighton andrews said labour needed a leader to win elections , not ` ` return to the politics of the 1970s or 1950s '' .
the crackdown began last month when turkish isps were told to cut off the virtual private networks people use to hide where they go .
the group carried out a nine - month investigation into the 53,000 images handed to the opposition by a military police photographer , codenamed caesar .
the move comes after mexico drew their opening confederations cup game 2 - 2 with portugal in russia .
he said pro - devolutionists should be working together to ensure wales does not lose powers .
the 32-year - old was dropped in 2013 after playing nine tests , amid reports he fell out with coach andy flower .
a passer - by found two men unconscious and bleeding at the side of the road in grove lane , handsworth , at about 03:00 bst .
gatwick claims sir howard davies 's decision not to back a second runway at the airport in west sussex was flawed .
a post - mortem examination found that mr hunter , from coulsdon in south london , died from a single gunshot wound at the private event in headley , near epsom .
bingham , who won the world championship in 2015 , reached the semi - finals of the 2016 event before being knocked out by eventual winner ronnie o'sullivan .
about half of the former john player factory in radford , built in 1895 , has now been torn down in a series of controlled demolitions .
it was england 's first victory away in new zealand since 2001 and followed wins against australia and canada in the four - team tournament .
david harris , 68 , who had become ` ` besotted '' with another woman , was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover policeman # 150,000 to murder hazel allinson .
sharnford traffic action group -lrb- stag -rrb- said some motorists were clocked at ` ` eye watering '' speeds topping 100 mph .
mohamed houli chemlal is one of four surviving suspects who gave evidence .
the 12-nation trade deal was a linchpin of former president barack obama 's asia policy .
the 17th century miniature painting of edward herbert , 1st baron herbert of cherbury , was painted in watercolour on vellum by isaac oliver .
goalkeeper liam gooch , defender stephen o'donnell , midfielder danny green and forwards zane banton and craig mackail - smith will leave the club on 30 june .
the humpback has been seen at pettycur bay , kinghorn in fife .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is unsupported on your device
he would go on to become an iconic figure in cornish rugby , paving the way for other pacific islanders to play rugby in the uk , and this week a capacity crowd of 3,000 turned out in his honour .
the city centre road was made pedestrians only from june to november during the redevelopment of the westgate shopping centre .
it 's known as a technique called ` ` cupping '' where heated cups are placed on the skin .
the second defeat in four games leaves gordon strachan 's men fifth in group f and the manager facing further questions about his future .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- says gsk made more than # 50 m of payments to companies making generic versions of its anti - depressant seroxat to delay them coming to market .
hamilton is 33 points behind the german with 100 available in the last four races , the first of which is the us grand prix in austin , texas on sunday .
while the club investigates pearson 's behaviour for unspecified reasons , contact between the manager and rams staff is not allowed .
in the first world series game at wrigley field since 1945 , coco crisp was the indians ' match - winner .
mike hearn , a zurich - based developer and long - time proponent of bitcoin , surprised many this weekend when he published a blog calling bitcoin a ` ` failed '' project .
la gommeuse achieved the top price of $ 67.5 m -lrb- # 45 m -rrb- at sotheby 's , as part of their impressionist & modern art sale on thursday .
the former ukip leader will provide political analysis for the main channel , and the fox business network 's daytime and primetime programmes .
she quit the role accusing the uk party leadership of treating scotland like a ` ` branch office '' .
mike hall and two colleagues from west midlands police 's cannabis team were flagged down by a driver in wolverhampton , at around 15:30 bst on monday .
the company says it has called a board meeting for 28 july and the investment decision is on the agenda .
the money will be spent on designing systems to allow the chassis of future models to be made out of aluminium .
favourite air force blue , winner of the dewhurst stakes last year and four of his five races , never challenged and was a distant 12th of the 13 runners .
the woman , who is in her 70s , was attacked in sneem , county kerry , on 20 september .
super - fan ross morgan was watching the ipswich v norwich match at home when paul anderson scored a goal .
the man was arrested on suspicion of preparing for terrorist acts and terrorist training as he stepped off the plane from istanbul on thursday evening .
australia 's foreign minister said these were ` ` not the actions of a friend '' .
the uk stage of the race comes to the city on 7 july .
mae grŵp wedi'i sefydlu yn arberth , sir benfro sy ' n helpu i ddod â theulu o ffoaduriaid i ' r du a chynnig cartref iddyn nhw .
the scottish salmon company -lrb- ssc -rrb- said it was hit by ` ` exceptional mortalities '' amounting to 1,300 tonnes - about a fifth of its potential harvest .
pwc 's northern ireland economic outlook said this was despite overall unemployment having fallen by more than 10,000 since june 2014 .
tait , who picked up a medal alongside kate hornsey in the women 's pair , was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2013 .
alice gross , 14 , was found in the river brent in west london in september 2014 .
in 2007 , the icelandic economy appeared healthy .
spanish police say he had secretly taken photographs of his students as well as having sent images of other children to people on the internet .
veteran striker peter weatherson bagged a first - half brace , including a penalty , to put the visitors firmly in control at links park .
the muslim brotherhood 's political wing , the islamic action front , called for broader political representation and a more democratic parliament .
the 30-year - old is to remain there following the completion of a psychiatric report .
the proposals , by leighton andrews , to bring back bigger councils are broadly similar to pre-1996 arrangements .
two special concerts at the royal albert hall will see pupils perform their own response to 10 pieces of classic music .
nick woodman described the remote controlled aircraft as the ` ` ultimate '' accessory for his firm 's action cameras .
ross - shire engineering has secured the potential investment across the next five years supplying equipment to scottish water .
stella has spent a number of years travelling to a variety of countries , working as a nanny and teaching french to children .
a judge is considering whether to charge the star over the incident , which was filmed and went viral .
hospital bosses made changes last august in a bid to help ambulances reach the emergency unit more quickly at the university hospital of wales -lrb- uhw -rrb- in cardiff .
but the summer visitor is in decline and , according to a new study , its migratory habits may be to blame .
kirklees council said the plan was to ` ` target properties with poor thermal efficiency and households at risk of fuel poverty '' .
` ` and on the monday there was no one there .
fujimori said in a letter he intended to share thoughts and memories , happy and sad , while serving a 25-year prison sentence for human rights violations .
when i arrive at lord bannside 's belfast home , i am greeted on the doorstep by his wife , eileen , or baroness paisley to use her official title .
the # 200 ` ` monocular '' , which has a built - in laser illuminator to improve viewing in the dark , will be used by stafford borough council inspectors .
edinburgh airport said more than 781,000 passengers passed through its doors last month , a year - on - year increase of 11.7 % .
the scot collected # 200,000 , the biggest ever victory cheque for a tournament outside the uk , after prevailing in a high - quality contest .
monday 's bond sale was apple 's third such sale in as many years and was just over half the $ 12bn the company raised in april 2014 .
the body said the suspensions - based on evidence from the mclaren report into state - sponsored doping in russia - should stand until 31 october .
gubbins -lrb- 109 -rrb- hit 15 boundaries as he enjoyed a 198-run partnership with opener sam robson -lrb- 99 -rrb- .
called tupperware party , it is wrapped up in challenging issues , and also marks a return for the actress to where her fascination with movies first began .
passengers will need a prepaid or concessionary ticket , oyster card or a contactless payment card to travel .
special report : the technology of business
with more than half the votes counted , president juan manuel santos is leading his conservative rival oscar ivan zaluaga with slightly more than 50 % .
the album , which includes the singles dead inside and mercy , knocked florence and the machine off top spot .
kevin o'malley told rtÃ ‰ 's marian finucane show that he expects the trip to happen within the next 12 months .
it follows a tweet by the rail firm encouraging its passengers to post messages to the union saying how they feel about on - going strike action .
the tories won 37 of 64 seats to claim a majority and wipe out labour 's 22-seat majority from 2013 .
their recent run is in contrast to the way they started the season with six victories from their first seven games .
the 9th us circuit court of appeals said it would not block a lower - court ruling that halted the order .
the incident took place on the train service between dunblane and edinburgh at 10:30 on 14 june .
the uk 's chief veterinary officer said h5n8 avian flu has been discovered at a farm with 1,000 birds in wyre .
the mix - up led to the body of philip bradburn being cremated instead of that of conservative mep philip bradbourn .
at talks in moscow , he told israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu that russia 's actions in the middle east would always be ` ` responsible '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
the big political parties did n't make much of it during the campaign .
graham andrew bought the 33,600-piece wildlife puzzle and recruited 200 jigsaw fans to complete it , to raise money for local charities .
a study of more than 250 plants and animals suggests their ability to adapt to changes in rainfall and temperature will be vastly outpaced by future climate change .
` ` caucasian heritage night : irish , italian , scandinavian , german -- or even utahn !
special report : the technology of business
they were ahead against elgin city after 19 minutes as jonny court shot from the right side of the area from a lloyd kinnaird pass .
the biggest football match in the nation 's history ended 2 - 0 to portugal in the semi - final on wednesday .
the plant will create 150 jobs on the ebbw vale enterprise zone , which is still hoping to be home to the Â # 325 m circuit of wales .
the shipment will be the first potentially preventative medicine to reach one of the hardest hit countries .
media playback is not supported on this device
dozens of others remain in critical condition after the fire , apparently caused by fireworks set off by a heavy metal band .
the bulls ' fate has been in the balance since the full extent of their financial worries emerged in the weeks since their dramatic final - day escape sent chester down instead .
nineteen sailors were killed and a further 30 injured when the type 42 destroyer took a direct hit during the falklands war on 25 may 1982 .
corran ` ` coz '' powell , 21 , died following the collision in braintree , essex , in december 2014 .
the irish human rights and equality commission said seven years of austerity resulted in the burden of the crisis falling disproportionally on those least able to bear it .
the latics lost 1 - 0 at home to fellow relegation candidates bristol city on saturday to leave them four points from safety with nine games remaining .
the blast happened in the early hours of monday at the weston road branch in long ashton , near bristol .
the coniston workings are sited in the south west of the lake district national park , below coniston old man and penny rigg mill .
bethan rhys roberts hosts ask the leader on bbc one wales at 19:00 bst on wednesday .
the world number one , 32 , beat waters 11 - 2 11 - 5 11 - 4 in just 24 minutes at the national squash centre to secure a first national title since 2012 .
the fire raged across the city from 2 to 5 september 1666 , destroying more than 13,000 houses and 87 churches .
the victim was killed on wednesday about a mile from a west glacier campground .
the handlebar club , which is holding the contest as it celebrates its 70th year , first met on 1 april 1947 , and according to club secretary steve parsons ` ` nothing has changed since then '' .
after weeks of speculation about whether the governor of the bank of england would extend his time as its head in reaction to the referendum result , mark carney surprised many people in the city and in government by announcing a decision that few had considered .
devon and cornwall chief constable shaun sawyer told pcc tony hogg in a 2014 letter that moving his office to the force headquarters ` ` sends the wrong signal '' financially .
clubs could buy domestic players again once they had played their final game of the season .
the keep military museum in dorchester plans to use the money to convert a bunker into an interactive experience .
mr schmidt told the bbc that the company did what was ` ` legally required '' to pay the right amount of taxes .
the money will be used for renewable energy projects with a particular focus on wave and tidal power generation .
police said that shortly after 05:00 bst on sunday they received reports that six windows had been smashed at the property in the meadow park area .
andreas christopheros , 29 , was attacked at his truro home by david phillips , 49 , from hastings in sussex .
the appeal , from interpol , is part of an effort to track down individuals involved in illegal fishing , logging and wildlife trafficking .
connor farrell gave the visitors the lead before luke dorn went over for the hosts in his final game for castleford .
haile gebrselassie - olympic gold medallist , winner of more than 20 sporting records , businessman and activist - pulled out of his first appearance at the new york marathon with a knee injury and told journalists afterwards that he was quitting competitive sports .
the 27-year - old polish man was discovered at a property in brothertoft road , boston , on saturday .
july 's anniversary of the battle of the somme is being marked at powis castle , near welshpool , with the basement now turned into a replica trench .
the african champions take on the europeans in jeju , south korea , as they look to seal a place in the quarter - finals .
media playback is not supported on this device
bevan , 18 , who won team silver at the world championships in glasgow last month , has had surgery .
the us says there has already been a decrease in violence in the city , where dozens have died in clashes this week .
they are due to appear in court later .
hirst rose from humble beginnings in leeds to become the uk 's richest living artist , worth Â # 215 m according to the sunday times ' rich list .
glasgow city council 's proposals for byres road include improvements for pedestrians , safe cycle routes and spaces for community events .
police said he was james gunn , from stromness .
a young palaeontologist working with the university of manchester found the fossil in 2008 , in the collections of doncaster museum and art gallery .
pop star katy perry will make her debut at the festival , following a clutch of politically - charged performances at this year 's grammys and brit awards .
his lecture , to be broadcast later this year , is part of a raft of new bbc radio 4 programmes unveiled on monday .
official numbers showed revenues down 32.2 % for the period to 16.4 bn macau patacas -lrb- $ 2.05 bn ; Â # 1.36 bn -rrb- .
mr netanyahu 's statements angered the white house , even though he has since tried to soften his remark .
kirsty williams told them they have a ` ` responsibility as stewards of community , city and country '' , at a speech in cardiff .
the club will be known as arsenal , and say they will use the ` women ' title only when ` ` official clarity '' is needed .
the approval depends on shell getting a nod from other us regulators , the bureau of ocean energy management said .
he reiterated that he wanted to bring high - speed broadband - which he defined as greater than 24 megabits per second - to more than 90 % of the country .
in a documentary aired on bbc radio 4 , the smack the pony star claims stories about ` ` brutalised women '' have become ` ` entertainment fodder '' .
like - for - like sales were up by 4.9 % during the quarter compared with a year earlier , in part due to the continued success of meal deals .
jennings , 25 , was out for 48 on the fourth morning of the third test against the proteas , meaning he averages only 15.3 in six innings .
no windfarm at gayton -lrb- nowag -rrb- and east lindsey district council both oppose the planning application .
according to london school of economics researchers , more than 100,000 people a year who would benefit from palliative care are not getting it .
more than 260 children had been left at the welfare home in guangzhou since 28 january , director xu jiu added .
inflation dropped to 2.6 % in june from 2.9 % the month before , whereas economists had expected no change .
last year 's champions led 17 - 10 at half - time with noel reid and jack conan scoring either side of hamish watson 's impressive try for edinburgh .
federations must rule on whether russians can compete in rio following the country 's doping scandal .
the hosts had been on top when the ball came off forward sanchez 's hand and ended up in the net on 34 minutes .
the 18-year - olds , who will not be named as both were youths at the time of the alleged offences , appeared briefly at the hearing in halifax , nova scotia .
the italian top flight is one of the leagues trialling var this season .
workers spend on average 75 minutes a day travelling to and from work in london , compared nationally with 52.8 minutes , the tuc said .
counsel general mick antoniw said he was ` ` delighted '' by the supreme court ruling against the uk government on brexit .
there were 70 reports during the lambing season earlier this year compared with 45 over the same time last year .
the chain says it will commit to paying 28p per litre for 100 % of its liquid milk throughout its entire range .
it was unanimously passed by mps in december , but mr koroma refused to sign it after protests by religious leaders .
the 23-year - old frenchman had been on a season - long loan at ajax but failed to score in his four appearances for the eredivisie side .
two goals from swansea midfielder gylfi sigurdsson kept iceland top of group a , six points above the dutch , who came third at the 2014 world cup in brazil .
sean buckley , 28 , of tonypandy , carried out a ` ` deliberate and vicious '' attack on finley thomas in september 2014 , but claimed the boy had fallen down stairs .
the 33-year - old former stevenage and fleetwood player made 52 league starts for cambridge over the past two years .
the mayor of london has been criticised for pedalling his barrister wife marina wheeler through the capital on thursday on a bicycle designed for one person .
the 32-year - old , who joined the black cats until the end of the season on 9 march , was given the ban after failing to pay money owed to a former agent .
the 21-year - old has made 35 appearances for the north london club since making his senior debut in 2012 .
michelle davies from law firm eversheds echoed concerns of employers ' group , the cbi that the uk government decision to cut subsidies for renewables will damage investment and jobs .
the london legacy development corporation - which manages the publicly - owned stadium - has been told to publish details of the move .
police were called to love ranch brothel in crystal , nevada , after he was found unresponsive on tuesday .
ayla ellison , of ulverston , cumbria , suffered severe brain damage following a ` ` traumatic '' birth at furness general hospital , barrow , in april 2007 .
when google paid $ 3.2 bn -lrb- Â # 2.1 bn -rrb- to buy tony fadell 's start - up nest in 2014 , it got much more than just an internet - connected thermostat and smoke detector .
the very large array -lrb- vla -rrb- traced the presence of ammonia in the gas giant to study the circulation systems below the visible cloud tops .
the fa says the club , one of a few from outside the english mainland to enter , must play any replays in england - even if they are the home side .
the standing rock sioux tribe hailed an ` ` historic decision '' and said it was ` ` forever grateful '' to president obama .
ms wood blamed the conservatives in particular for claiming the snp posed a threat to the future of the uk .
commanders lowered the flag during a ceremony in kabul - raising the flag of the new mission named resolute support .
the short video shows miss yeates , 25 , from bristol , buying a pizza at a tesco express store near her home in clifton on the night she was last seen .
the advocacy group glaad analysed shows seen or to be shown between june 2016 and may 2017 and counted 278 regular and recurring lgbt characters .
yellow ` ` be aware '' warnings are also in place for scotland for wednesday to saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
oneil din , 27 , from coventry , got caught in a rip current and died at crantock beach , cornwall on 15 august .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
sofia ashraf , 29 , posted a facebook live video of her singing a song , my vote is not for you , in front of the new chief minister 's residence .
cardiff - based sa brain bought the chain coffee # 1 last year .
councils in england , including bradford and birmingham , will trial the pilot scheme at local elections in 2018 .
essex police said two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed in colchester between 18:22 and 18:31 gmt on saturday .
the 18-year - old identical twins have come through the club 's academy to impress in nine premiership appearances between them this season .
new research suggests the cornish black honey bee is better at dealing with varroa mites , which carry a strain of a disease called deformed wing virus .
one of the 11 children described how the trailer went ` ` really fast down the hill '' at the farm in nottinghamshire before it ` ` launched us off '' .
they say the decision was taken after more bad weather was forecast .
mrs merkel said she wanted friendly relations with both countries as well as russia but europe now had to ` ` fight for its own destiny '' .
daniel jones , 58 , who has admitted his involvement in the heist , offered to take police to the stashed loot .
a close - range joseph mendes finish put the royals ahead and jordan obita 's intended cross doubled the lead .
however , researchers at the university of bristol believe the shape of beer glasses affects the speed people drink .
in a statement , the company said the move will hit next year 's profit by about # 15 m .
englishwoman evans , 29 , is a 10-time ladies ' champion .
scores more are still missing in teluk wondama district after flash floods and landslides that were triggered when a river burst its banks .
his meetings will focus on the relationship between the uk and russia , as well as issues involving syria and ukraine ` ` where we continue to have significant differences '' , it said .
at low doses , lithium prolonged the life of fruit flies in lab experiments .
the devices are fitted with small mobile sites that include a base station and an antenna .
the blaze broke out in a ground - floor flat of a four - storey tenement in tollcross at about 22:50 on monday .
a general said clouds were limiting the ability of drones and other aircraft to provide cover , adding that troops would secure areas they had already entered .
national body choose life is behind ` ` prevent suicide - northeast scotland '' and an accompanying website .
we ' ve asked bbc sport readers to predict the top three before every race this season and , after the british grand prix , we got our calculators out and had a look at how many people got the top three bang on .
the offers to protect religious sites have come from muslims who include military servicemen , lawyers and emmy award - winning tv broadcasters .
kathleen and jimmy cuddihy , who were in their 70s , were found dead just outside carndonagh on 22 october 2014 .
the firm , which makes a vast array of consumer products including ben & jerry 's ice - cream , lipton tea and dove soap , said sales fell 2.7 % to $ 48.4 bn -lrb- $ 56.1 bn ; # 37.1 bn -rrb- .
that 's how one financier described dominic chappell 's plans for acquiring and reviving bhs to mps today .
france 's national front leader marine le pen said the french must now also have the right to choose .
the only goal of an entertaining game came from reuben reid in the fifth minute after jordan moore - taylor 's long ball was needlessly handled inside the penalty box by jake carroll .
temperton died in london last week at the age of 66 after ` ` a brief aggressive battle with cancer '' , jon platt of warner / chappell music publishing said .
and it seems there 's been a surprising impact on the toughest business of them all - love .
georgina callander , 18 , was among 22 people who died in the suicide bombing at manchester arena on 22 may .
this year the event 's being hosted by nicki minaj at the city 's sse hydro .
the scrum - half was allowed to return to the field after belatedly being sent for a head injury assessment .
the rnli says six crew members have been brought in from the uk to staff the st helier station in jersey .
the two - time australian open champion , who gave birth to leo in december , won 6 - 3 4 - 6 7 - 6 -lrb- 9 - 7 -rrb- against japan 's risa ozaki at the mallorca open .
australia had a first - innings lead of 155 runs after bowling their hosts out for 105 in pune .
redrow homes south wales has submitted plans for up to 630 houses on land north and south of llantrisant road , in radyr .
inspector harold stephens said the county plan , which will be the blueprint for development in county durham for the next 20 years , was ` ` unrealistic and flawed '' .
stephen mallan converted a penalty to give the buddies the lead after darren cole had fouled calum gallagher .
the test investigates whether people can detect if they are talking to machines or humans .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- had wanted to provide # 30 m for the proposed # 175 m bridge set to stretch from temple to the south bank in lambeth .
alan solomons ' side had scored a wonderful try through centre will helu after munster had started strongly with a john ryan score .
mr mckelvie said he left after being told he may be required as a witness during the inquiry 's investigations .
but the message may take some time to reach india .
martin , 28 , has scored seven goals in 17 appearances for fulham in the championship this term .
the material would ` ` probably '' be shipped back to the usa , said california - based spacex .
the nuffield council on bioethics while many clinics provide a good service , some give too little advice and support .
her job brought her into close contact with goebbels - one of the worst war criminals of the 20th century .
rikki evans , 28 , started playing the bagpipes at 11:00 on wednesday and stopped playing more than 24 hours later on thursday .
mae arfon roberts yn cyflogi wyth o bobl yn ei garej bryn eira ar gyrion y pentref .
a mount rainier national park spokeswoman said camping gear had been found and distress signals heard from the group 's avalanche beacons .
mae ' n frodor o fôn , wedi ei fagu ym modffordd ac mae pêl - droed wedi bod yn rhan fawr o ' i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn .
the hacking scheme he ran from 2008 to 2014 targeted us pizza chains in washington state .
the ` ` low three - figure '' sum of money was taken from three purses which had been left unattended at the aberdeen sea cadets base at pocra quay .
the a547 at meliden , between rhuddlan and prestatyn , was closed after 14:00 bst on saturday after the collision .
all examples of this group , known as the archosauromorpha , lay eggs .
thanet district council -lrb- tdc -rrb- was court ordered to lift a ban on live animal exports through the port of ramsgate .
watkins has been banned for four years after he tested positive for the anabolic steroid nandrolone and the stimulant methylhexaneamine .
bruce adamson also called on ministers to gather accurate data on the number of children who go hungry because they do not have access to free meals during school holidays .
the step may make some important new medicines more affordable in the developing world , by leaving the way clear for generic companies to make cheap copies of gsk 's drugs .
officials say the photo of ms badu in the star newspaper was ` ` an insult to islam '' .
members of the nasuwt are staging a 24-hour stoppage after claiming their relationship with the trust running whitehaven academy has broken down .
juventus face real madrid in saturday 's sell - out game at cardiff 's renamed national stadium of wales .
the 22-year - old student was assaulted and robbed by a gang of youths in a side street when he was in primary school .
it was a ruling in a case brought by two women who wanted to wear the niqab veil , which covers all but the eyes .
its reach has also expanded across the sahel region south of the sahara desert , attracting members from mauritania , morocco , niger and senegal as well as from within mali where , in alliance with other islamists , it is fighting french troops on the ground .
the comedy sequel earned more in its first weekend than the $ 65 m that the first film pulled in over the course of its entire us run in cinemas .
the information minister said the move was to mourn the revolutionary leader , who died on friday at the age of 90 .
the bbc has seen a copy of the document , which is due to be formally signed off on thursday .
andrew virco , 50 , and katharine walker , 51 , from cambridge , died with two other britons when the aircraft crashed into a glacier on south island , on saturday .
tevez , who missed a penalty against wigan last saturday , was back on the bench for the midweek champions league game against napoli .
it 's overtaken barack obama 's famous ` ` four more years '' tweet .
aiden hughes , with an address of balmoral road , bangor , posed as a teenage boy before meeting his victim in a belfast park .
the 27-year - old man from blackburn was riding a grey triumph daytona motorcycle along the b6479 near selside when he crashed at 19:25 bst on wednesday .
well , it is because the government 's forecaster , the office for budget responsibility , has increased its prognosis of how much the treasury will raise from existing taxes -lrb- not new ones -rrb- and reduced what it thinks the chancellor will shell out in interest on its massive debts .
however , there were people in the tv industry who thought the cast would struggle to find work once their time on the show was up .
the report warns that a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation .
unknown hackers carried out a distributed denial of service -lrb- ddos -rrb- attack against ukrposhta 's website .
the table , published in a report by the pew charitable trusts , showed that us invested more than $ 48bn -lrb- Â # 30bn -rrb- in the sector , up from $ 34bn in 2010 .
the 29-year - old , capped 77 times by wales , will become the first active international to play in the match since australian dan vickerman in 2009 .
the 23-year - old , who scored once in 27 games last term , netted in sunday 's 2 - 0 friendly win at sheffield wednesday .
thomas , 21 , has agreed a three - year deal at rugby park after requesting a move from fir park .
the fact that languages are no longer compulsory at gcse has led to the problem , says the university 's head of modern languages dr david barr .
carter has suffered with the condition for years and struggled throughout the 6 - 2 defeat by the three - time champion at the york barbican .
the deal for the long ashton site made the council look ` ` totally incompetent '' and threatened ` ` to turn it into a laughing stock '' a tory councillor said .
gen sir nicholas houghton told the bbc 's andrew marr that refusing to launch nuclear weapons would ` ` seriously undermine '' britain 's ` ` deterrent '' .
after an impressive year on loan at torquay in the national league last season , the 20-year - old has now quickly established himself in the vale first team under new boss bruno ribeiro .
the night tube will provide services on several lines from september .
under the deal , baosteel is to take over its smaller competitor wuhan iron and steel .
there is no doubt what this election is about for the conservatives .
every practising nurse and midwife must be on the uk register , but not everyone on the register will be practising , or working in the nhs .
four police were wounded as they tried to arrest a man in the bavarian town of georgensgmuend , south of nuremberg .
the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- said the reasons included a rise in the cost of pensioner benefits , and an increase in housing benefit spend .
the biologist and entrepreneur turned the effort to map the human genome into a competitive race and , in so doing , was vilified by the scientific community .
judge clifford bellamy said leicester city council had not undertaken a ` ` robust risk assessment '' of the boy 's great - great - uncle who had been jailed for sexual abuse .
media playback is not supported on this device
bbc director of television , danny cohen , announced in february that ` ` we 're not going to have any more panel shows with no women on them '' .
konrad , 38 , swam the equivalent of 290 lengths of an olympic - size swimming pool after his 36-foot boat , which was on auto pilot , drifted away from him off the south florida coast .
concerns for her welfare were raised by paul netherton , assistant chief constable at devon and cornwall police .
a bbc freedom of information request revealed 27 completed inquiries have resulted in potential disciplinary action against up to 15 officers .
odion ighalo put the hosts in front from close range , only for antonio to level with a solo effort moments later .
their lawyers had asked the court to declare ` ` unlawful '' the consultation process that led to the proposed axing of the # 320 m fund .
the 14-year - old was found dead on the banks of the river leven in dunbartonshire on 25 august 1996 .
the former hooker will replace chris gibbes , who confirmed in january he will become head coach of the wellington lions in new zealand .
up until 1994 it was ruled by a white minority which enforced a separation of races with its policy called apartheid .
two british naval ships are shadowing the vessels .
seagrass was deemed to be heading for extinction in this region before the otters returned .
but the bbc drama - which celebrated its 30th anniversary last month - was beaten to the tv soap of the year award by its itv rival coronation street .
condor liberation - which sails between poole in dorset and the channel islands - struck the quayside at st peter port , guernsey .
the patriots are being investigated over allegations they under - inflated balls in beating the indianapolis colts to reach the showpiece event .
the drones will be used to scan and assess easyjet planes and report damage back to engineers .
the un humanitarian co - ordinator for iraq , lise grande , told the bbc iraq had made this its priority when it won back the east of the city .
manor 's operating company just racing services has been in administration since 6 january , and frp advisory has been unable to find a buyer .
the attack , which killed 270 people in the plane and on the ground , remains the deadliest terrorist incident ever to have taken place on british soil .
the 19-year - old forward has yet to play a competitive first - team match for the terriers but did feature in pre - season friendlies against liverpool , fc ingolstadt 04 and oldham in 2016 .
larger firms - defined as those with over 100 staff - were more likely to be attacked than smaller counterparts , said the british chambers of commerce -lrb- bcc -rrb- , which surveyed 1,200 companies .
the 27-year - old represented england under-19s and scored 72 on his glamorgan debut in 2006 .
scottish conservative leader ruth davidson endorsed her party 's uk manifesto .
seal wardens on the national trust -lrb- nt -rrb- reserve at blakeney point have recorded 180 more grey seal pups compared to this time last year .
the 39-year - old , who goes by the name mick fett , was born the year the first film in the series came out .
lee waters said neil mcevoy had suggested a ` ` great party political conspiracy theory '' was behind various matters the public accounts committee had investigated .
the personnel will assist in the temporary relocation of some staff from the us embassy in baghdad .
roger hayes , 75 , from holsworthy , devon and son andy , 39 , from birmingham , died when their twin - seat plane crashed at pierre - buffiere on 29 june , 2012 .
the former tory mp , 67 , defeated ukip wales leader nathan gill to lead the party 's seven - strong assembly group .
cipriani , 28 , will return to his first professional club after four seasons at fellow premiership side sale .
images showed the italian 's astana team car pulling alongside him and then both he and the car accelerating rapidly .
more than 1,000 people packed into the city 's anglican cathedral for his funeral on friday , with a bevy of famous merseysiders in attendance , including comedian ken dodd , model danielle lloyd and actress jennifer ellison .
city , who had lost 10 of their previous 13 games , led 2 - 0 at st james ' park , before the hosts fought back to level .
spokesman josh earnest confirmed a private party was held on saturday but said little else .
a review from the international programme on the state of the ocean -lrb- ipso -rrb- , warns that the oceans are facing multiple threats .
susie , a 12-year - old collie and jilly , a 10-year - old cairn terrier , were taken in by snowdonia animal sanctuary after 72-year - old jennifer taylor was killed in a crash near betws - y - coed .
captain david seath , 31 , was a fire support team commander in 29 commando regiment royal artillery .
the premier league got under way this weekend , with many teams showing off their new signings , but who impressed and who had a debut to forget ?
they beat wales and australia to finish second to england in group b and can not be caught in the overall standings .
shane sutton resigned as the body 's technical director on wednesday amid claims of discrimination against elite cyclists , which the australian denies .
rahama sadau 's appearance in a music video ` ` hugging and cuddling '' nigerian pop star classiq offended some people .
they started arriving at poldhu cove on the lizard on sunday , and national trust volunteers have been clearing them away as they are said to pose a risk to wildlife .
a 12-week consultation on the scheme , worth up to # 1,200 a child , has begun .
douglas carswell also told the bbc 's sunday politics that the party needed to ensure it got the ` ` tone '' right in order to attract more voters .
the author whose sea of poppies was shortlisted for the booker prize in 2008 , is being hosted as a writer - in - residence at rashtrapati bhawan .
during his emotional testimony he said ms steenkamp died before the ambulance arrived while he was holding her .
ministers and other government officials are being given a three - month deadline to hand over state - owned homes and vehicles , from the date of the new president 's inauguration .
following an eighth - placed finish in 2015 , swansea endured a run of just two wins in 17 premier league games before francesco guidolin was named as their new head coach on 18 january .
a bill is being considered to bolster animal protection by barring any use of wild animals in travelling shows .
the report by the un agency for human settlements says that the richest 20 % of the population on average earn 20 times more than the poorest 20 % .
aamir siddiqi , 17 , was stabbed at his home in roath in 2010 and two men , jason richards and ben hope , were jailed for life in 2013 .
the week - long pre - trial hearing at guantanamo bay will largely focus on issues of secrecy .
the remains of saima ahmed , 36 , were recovered from the grounds of gogar mount house , on the edge of gogarburn golf club .
the two leading parisian clubs are planning to come together for the 2017 - 18 season .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 30-year - old from holywood , 32nd in the marathon at the rio olympics , took ninth place in the welsh capital .
the association said there had been nine deaths in the jail , on the isle of sheppey , in 2014 .
she had sought a judicial review over the alleged failure to issue new guidance on abortion to medical professionals in northern ireland
stenson will play with matt fitzpatrick against brandt snedeker and brooks koepka while rose partners chris wood against jimmy walker and zach johnson .
amnesty international supporters are zipped into some of the bags in the first few rows , alongside a banner saying # dontletthemdrown .
all four opposition parties at holyrood want to repeal the football act .
the party is conducting an inquiry into the death of youth activist elliott johnson , 21 , and has taken more than 40 witness statements , it said .
and if they were all forced to pick just one with which to tell the story of the obama presidency , many would plump for the bar chart of ` ` non - farm payrolls '' .
the animals were happily munching in the front garden of a house in drummond road close to its junction with the busier culduthel road .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- announced a public consultation process to decide how the city 's private hire trade should be regulated .
the device , which the company is calling spectacles , will go on sale later this year priced at $ 130 -lrb- # 100 -rrb- .
labour argues that kettering general hospital could lose services , but this has been rejected by the conservatives , liberal democrats and ukip .
files were found after the attacks on a computer dumped in a rubbish bin , a well - placed source confirmed .
psa , which includes peugeot , wants to buy general motors ' loss - making european arm , which includes vauxhall plants at luton and ellesmere port .
richard davies , 41 , died of a single gunshot wound to the chest after firing at officers in st neots , cambridgeshire , in october 2015 .
trevor deely , 22 , was last seen walking home from a christmas party in december 2000 .
the shoreham footbridge , which will link the two sections of the town over the river adur estuary , will cost # 9.8 m instead of the estimated # 5.8 m.
brusthom ziamani , 19 , from camberwell , south london , was found guilty last month of preparing an act of terrorism .
president robert mugabe and his wife arrived back in harare early on sunday .
the commonwealth super - lightweight champion defends his title against south africa 's warren joubert at meadowbank on 24 march .
thousands of people gather in edinburgh , in scotland , every year for a big parade , food and fireworks .
the invergordon lifeboat was launched and local coastguards teams deployed at about 14:30 .
the small objects were hidden by artist luke jerram for his installation treasure city , with clues hidden in paintings at the 20 - 21 arts centre .
the performance artist is spending 512 hours interacting with the public at the show , held in three completely empty rooms .
the action was taken by st columba 's school in inverclyde after details of police investigations came to light .
photographs of the endangered magnolia dealbata , held by bristol - based arkive , were seen by a botanist at a mexican university more than 5,500 miles away .
judges scored four restaurants selected to represent each town or city , assessing hygiene ratings and public votes .
a software ` ` issue '' meant polling cards and some postal votes were sent out to some ` ` non eligible '' voters .
napo , which represents probation workers , said it understood the stanley knife went missing at hmp northumberland two weeks ago , but no lock - down or search was ordered .
the 36-year - old , who rejoined the club in the summer after nine years away , made a telling debut with a 90th - minute winner to get the shrimps off and running for the new season .
markets run by federal and state governments opened for the millions of americans seeking insurance plans .
the 27-year - old utility back moved from the irish province to welford road in 2011 and scored 18 tries in 75 appearances for the tigers .
celtic and dundee are exploring the possibility of staging a game in the us , where the kilmarnock striker has experience with portland timbers .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the 45-year - old , who led quins to the premiership title in 2012 , has been linked with the italy head coach job .
it will be the first concerted use of an emerging technique called crispr to ` ` snip out '' specific disease genes in order to discover drugs .
the australian singer , 48 , and english actor joshua sasse , 28 , announced their engagement earlier this year .
he said he was to blame for the team 's season , in which they narrowly avoided premier league relegation on sunday .
thieves took the animal from silver star pets in pengam , along with dog leads , dog coats , fish tanks , pet food and dog grooming equipment worth # 35,000 .
as a french overseas territory , it has the same political status as other departments in mainland france .
andrew armstrong , 33 , of mossdale road , manchester , pleaded guilty to one count of rape at an earlier hearing .
mohammed anwar , from thornliebank , was trapped underneath the forklift when it appeared to hit a kerb , causing it to crash .
imani wiltshire was discovered on the lower deck of the bus in stratford , east london , on 28 september .
the woman had been out with friends in the cowgate and niddry street area and was returning home at about 07:00 when she was attacked near jawbone walk .
robert boyd - stevenson , 38 , of headford road , bristol , had admitted a charge of making a bomb hoax by communicating false information last year .
eoin morgan of england , steve smith of australia and kane williamson of new zealand are three great cricketers and captains who will be watching the final from the sidelines , perhaps pondering the often tiny margins between victory and defeat in these tournaments .
the experimental aircraft , which has a wingspan bigger than a jumbo but weighs little more than a large car , left nanjing at 02:39 -lrb- 18:39 gmt -rrb- .
east markham is a quiet nottinghamshire village .
jamie rudling , 28 , from dunoon , repeatedly raped one victim , between 2003 and 2011 , at an address in argyll .
5 august 2016 last updated at 13:26 bst
i obviously hope that i win the match but i know liam pretty well and this is a big opportunity for him to go out there , give it a go and show everybody what he 's got .
the victim 's body was found at hedderley walk , near st ann 's well road , in the st ann 's area just after 16:00 bst on sunday .
bbc pundit alan shearer explains why arsenal 's defensive display played as big a part as their attacking power in securing their one - sided fa cup final win over aston villa .
the carmaker has also released the first images of the concept car upon which the new defender will be based , the dc100 .
silcox coaches is a private coach hire and tour operator with bases in pembroke dock and tenby , and has a contract with pembrokeshire council to provide school transport .
the 26-year - old victim had been standing at a bus stop in wallacewell quadrant in glasgow at about 23:45 on friday when a car pulled up beside him .
the french authorities say the airbus a310 , which set off from the yemeni capital , should not have been allowed to fly , the afp news agency reports .
edwina hart accused uk officials of ` ` ignorance '' amid suggestions passengers could have to change trains on some services between wales and england .
media playback is unsupported on your device
they said mr bahri , a yemeni national , passed away on saturday in a hospital in the southern city of mukalla .
at least a dozen republicans have said they will not be voting for him , since the comments emerged on friday .
it is a tiny signal seen in the way the waters at the ends of the 35km - long lake rise and fall .
yes - and no .
eileen maguire , 69 , died after the three - car crash on the belfast road in fivemiletown in november 2013 .
bp 's statistical review of world energy said global energy consumption ` ` slowed sharply '' to an increase of just 0.9 % in 2014 .
novak diverted fellow substitute kevin foley 's pass home in the 87th minute and the goal prevented fleetwood from climbing over bradford into second spot in the league one table .
dr paul wright told the bbc that the caribbean island 's anti - doping regime had been woefully short of the international standards required .
however the single point was still enough to send opponents kinlochshiel top of the table .
harris - wright , 28 , who had a season at bristol in 2011 - 12 , won a european champions cup medal at leinster .
liam cann , 22 , of blind lane , goldhanger , essex , contacted a number of boys while playing xbox games online , chelmsford crown court heard .
world champions mercedes , runners - up red bull and third - placed williams showed off their new designs in the pit lane before beginning preparation work .
quite simply , if the gdp measure is up on the previous three months , the economy is growing .
22 march 2016 last updated at 18:45 gmt
hamilton has triumphed in all three races since retiring from the season - opener in australia , which rosberg won .
tuilagi , 23 , is still recovering from the injury he suffered in october .
president ian khama told the reuters news agency that he had personally ordered his arrest .
prince william said the island had been a ` ` special place '' during his work as a pilot at raf valley .
migaloo is known for his distinctive colouring and for many years was the only documented all - white humpback whale in the world .
jamie spendiff 's attack on craig logie , who was out with friends on a stag night , was captured on cctv .
the south korean , 23 , bogeyed the 18th hole to finish on 17 under alongside 26-year - old solheim cup player ciganda .
norwegian researchers report that the sea ice is becoming significantly thinner and more vulnerable .
he called on prime minister theresa may to accept all refugee children with a legal right to be in the uk , ahead of french plans to shut the ` ` jungle '' camp .
the firm announced it had agreed a deal with the board of california - based anacor pharmaceuticals .
speaking after briefing the security council on the peace process , staffan de mistura said a partial truce agreed in february was ` ` barely alive '' .
it comes after a dispute over whether wales had the power to set minimum wages , or if that right laid with the uk government .
diego valeri put portland ahead after just 27 seconds when he charged down a clearance from keeper steve clark .
the tykes went ahead inside the opening 10 minutes when roberts converted conor hourihane 's corner .
robson added a further 56 to his overnight score to reach 231 , as middlesex moved from 317 - 4 to 452 all out , backed by john simpson 's 52 .
the 27-year - old commonwealth games silver medallist was badly injured in a motorbike taxi accident in vietnam .
what is regarded to be europe 's largest one - day sale of hill sheep has been held in sutherland .
karen munro regularly films and photographs the aurora near her home in caithness but was unable to go out on thursday because she was unwell .
transport minister john hayes said he was satisfied the local council would be financially protected in a proposed compulsory purchase order .
mark mason , 48 , of rhyl , denbighshire , was stabbed to death in the car park of the town 's home bargains on 27 october .
the move was announced by president thein sein , who earlier rejected un calls for an independent inquiry .
the former five - weight world champion submitted a necessary waiver to the nevada athletic commission -lrb- nac -rrb- on wednesday , hours before the deadline .
john glen , conservative mp for salisbury , said any decision to make the a303 a dual carriageway must include protection for the world heritage site .
however , there is an increased risk in certain groups , the university of glasgow research found .
bristol 's lee haskins defends his ibf world bantamweight title against ivan morales at cardiff 's new ice arena .
this quote - attributed to a professor aaron levenstein - perfectly captures the dangers of making miscalculations , or generalisations , based on data sets .
the county has received # 1bn of aid over the past 15 years with more than # 400 m in the pipeline until 2020 because of its relatively weak economy .
police officers are allowed to search people for items such as drugs , stolen goods and weapons .
thousands of protesters took to the streets to call for egyptian president abdul fattah al - sisi to resign .
cardiff north mp jonathan evans said it was ` ` a tragedy '' there was no agreement on who should chair the inquiry , set up after claims of paedophiles operating in westminster in the 1980s .
ken dickie , 64 , died in hospital on 14 may , six days after the incident at the rockley park site in poole .
after their engine failed and their anchor was lost off the coast of india 's andhra pradesh state in june last year , the men were left stranded in dangerous waters .
gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal before slimani doubled the lead shortly after .
the 21-year - old moved to the reds in 2014 after being let go by watford , where he had progressed through the youth system .
steven hirschorn said his son ollie was upset when he lost his lion , liley , at hughenden manor in buckinghamshire .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the woman , named in floral tributes as kelly , was arrested on suspicion of assault in darwen on saturday and taken to greenbank police station .
thanks for sharing your pictures of # dogsatpollstations .
notts ' 39-run win against essex at trent bridge on monday sees them return to the showpiece event at edgbaston for the first time since 2010 .
david nisbet , 28 , from edinburgh , pleaded guilty at the city 's sheriff court to committing a breach of the peace and was fined Â # 600 .
after a drab game with few chances for either side , mohamed salah teed up el said , who struck firmly past uganda keeper denis onyango on 89 minutes .
the prime minister stressed her belief he was committed to advancing the ` ` special relationship '' with the uk .
the original drawings , showing bears , panthers , rhinos and other creatures , are roughly 32,000 years old .
they have been taken to un centres in dohuk in kurdish northern iraq .
sir bernard announced the move to reassure the public and deter attackers following terrorist attacks in europe .
cardiff 's techniquest was already told it could lose the government cash by 2019 but it has now been given more time to make new plans .
walker , who has 27 caps and spent eight seasons at spurs has signed a five - year deal with city .
local mp ian lucas said people were concerned about the impact it could have if the prison on wrexham industrial estate assumes a local name .
details of the amount paid by the consortium and the total stake acquired have not been disclosed .
the pages from a 13th century text of the holy book of islam were purchased by the council in 1951 .
the lions , who won the semi - final first leg 3 - 1 , looked to have put the tie to bed when lee gregory slotted home .
mr newman was detained in melbourne on thursday after entering australia without a visa .
entries for all candidates in england , northern ireland and wales are down 0.7 % on last year to 5,240,796 , according to official figures .
he was unseated as royal ascot winner permian was fatally injured after coming last in the secretariat stakes at arlington on 12 august .
media playback is not supported on this device
unions at bae systems have warned of possible delays to funding for the royal navy 's new frigates .
hassan nasrallah said syria 's opposition was too weak to bring down bashar al - assad 's regime militarily .
the scottish medicines consortium is due to take evidence on kadcyla on tuesday .
the 20-year - old has played seven games for the swans since making his # 1.75 m move to the liberty stadium from league two exeter city in january 2015 .
the boeing 767 bound for miami experienced an ` ` uncontained engine failure '' , officials involved in the investigation said .
world number 127 figueiredo was struggling at 4 - 1 down , but then took four frames to leave ding clinging on .
of these 216 planets , 10 of them could potentially be home to some sort of life , because they are ` earth - like ' .
media playback is unsupported on your device
last week mr cameron told the bbc he would not serve a third term as pm .
wing seymour , 28 , has agreed a new deal until may 2019 while lock swinson , 29 , is now contracted until may 2020 .
sixty patrol boats will protect the uk 's two new aircraft carriers which are due to arrive at portsmouth naval base in 2017 .
robin hood , also known as tim pollard , appropriately met sally chappell at a banquet at the city 's former sheriff 's lodge venue .
the a&e unit at telford 's princess royal hospital could be downgraded , leaving the royal shrewsbury as the only hospital in the county to offer emergency and critical care .
redknapp has added goalkeeper david stockdale , defender marc roberts and midfielder cheikh n'doye this summer .
families with one parent with a taxable income of more than # 50,000 will lose some of the benefit , and it will be withdrawn entirely if one parent earns above # 60,000 .
inspired by the lily pond in monet 's garden at giverny in france , the painting was the top lot at sotheby 's sale of modern and impressionist works .
north wales chief constable mark polin said the police were likely to ` ` bear the brunt '' of further cuts to the home office budget by 2020 .
the plane crashed in holme fen during a 300 mph -lrb- 483 km/h -rrb- training mission in november 1940 , killing 20-year - old pilot officer harold penketh .
five first - half wigan scores laid the platform with two for joe burgess to add to tries from sean o'loughlin , liam farrell and sam powell .
if you have a picture you would like to share , please see below the images for details on how to submit yours .
the seasiders ' andy taylor came close to the opening goal after five minutes , curling just over from 20 yards .
inspectors reported a ` ` marked increase '' at hmp risley near warrington , cheshire since its last inspection , some of which may not have been ` ` justified '' .
germany 's lisa brennauer was edged into second as vos came third to move three seconds clear of christine majerus of luxembourg .
but there are many different shades of losing .
the inquiry is being led by the complex case team of the sexual offences , exploitation and child abuse command .
the northbound carriageway was closed at 02:00 on thursday at junctions five , castle bromwich and six , spaghetti junction and was not reopened until about 01:30 gmt on friday .
adele bellis , then 22 , lost an ear , is now partially bald and was left with ` ` life - changing '' permanent scarring .
in a statement -lrb- in french -rrb- it said it was ` ` worried about the continued worsening of the situation '' .
gao yu , 71 , was found guilty last april and challenged her conviction at a closed hearing in beijing on thursday .
bath player ford , 23 , missed six out of seven kicks at goal during the 27 - 13 victory over wales 11 days ago .
the airlines announced that they would no longer transport lion , rhinoceros , leopard , elephant or buffalo remains .
media playback is not supported on this device
keith davies , 56 , from troedyrhiw , has not been seen since he left his home at about 12:00 gmt on saturday .
the ibrox club opened their premiership account with a win at motherwell and followed that up with a 6 - 0 thumping of dunfermline in the league cup .
joao santana was widely seen as the architect of ms rousseff 's 2010 and 2014 election victories .
the proposed deal is expected to include more security around the site where thousands of migrants are living and moves to tackle people trafficking .
cambridgeshire and peterborough combined authority -lrb- cpcc -rrb- , set up this year , originally estimated annual running costs of about # 1.3 m .
they have warned visitors to keep their distance from wildlife for the safety of both humans and animals .
a masked gunman opened fire at la terrasse bar , killing a french national , witnesses said .
mitch rose had put the stags ahead just four minutes into the second half .
media playback is not supported on this device
the same could be said of the us federal reserve 's highly anticipated decision , and the ensuing markets and currency reactions in asia .
ms jones told bbc radio wales she did not want to give up being an am to go to brussels to replace nathan gill , ukip wales leader .
the england centre , 24 , whose deal at welford road runs out next summer , is attracting interest from several sides .
karam chand was born in a small rural village in the punjab in northern india in 1905 .
worst affected is the abruzzo region , still recovering from a 2009 quake , while towns hit in marche and lazio last year are also badly affected .
officers are searching in weston park east in bath , where the first foot was found by dog walkers in february .
the government said it has now turned back 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach australia by boat .
officials said the attack happened at the europa shopping centre in the capital minsk .
in less than 24 hours , the country 's chosen to leave the european union , abandoning an institution , a concept that 's been part of the fabric our institutions since the 1970s .
yn ôl y corff sydd yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal , mae nifer yn ymladd i gadw fynd ac yn wynebu argyfwng recriwtio wrth i ysbytai ac archfarchnadoedd gystadlu am weithwyr .
the canadian , 28 , was picked as the devils ' forward of the year in 2016 - 17 after scoring 24 goals and 29 assists in 66 games .
revenue rose to $ 20.26 bn -lrb- Â # 14bn -rrb- between january and march , from $ 17.26 bn a year earlier .
president trump has also dismissed the country 's top lawyer , acting attorney general sally yates after she directed the justice department not to defend his executive order on this issue .
bob walker was struck by the sliding doors when his crutch was trapped after he tried to get off the train when support he had booked did not turn up .
monet 's later years saw him obsessively paint the lilies in his garden at giverny , in northern france .
khalil dale , 60 , was abducted in quetta in january 2012 and was found dead on a roadside a few months later .
media playback is not supported on this device
a referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu is to be held later this year .
anastasia deyeva , 24 , has been appointed a deputy interior minister , unprecedented for anyone of her age .
the exhibition , from dark to light , explores the work of artist victor noble rainbird , who was born in north shields in 1887 .
violence erupted on the outskirts of jerusalem 's old city and across the occupied west bank after the end of muslim friday prayers .
sir philip , owner of clothing retailer arcadia group , will examine expenditure from the past three years to try to identify potential savings .
25 february 2016 last updated at 10:01 gmt
christie - ` every place in america is a target '
jeremy forrest , from petts wood , london was jailed for five - and - a - half years in 2013 for abducting and having sex with the girl when she was 15 .
like any election , there will be some seats that will prove more crucial than others - some that are safer for sitting candidates than parts of wales where there is a genuine contest .
the msp will make the pledge in her keynote address to the scottish labour conference in perth .
the number of people claiming jobseeker 's allowance in july fell more sharply , down by 29,000 to 1.4 million .
guptill hit four sixes in his 87 from 58 balls , while skipper williamson took only 48 deliveries for his 72 .
police said the incident happened at 10:30 bst near the village of tockwith , which is 10 miles -lrb- 17 km -rrb- west of york .
shortly after the show was aired on sunday , technology entrepreneur peter jones tweeted that his investment did not go through .
officials from cuba and norway , the two countries brokering the peace process , said a week of discussions would begin in havana on 10 december .
members were unable to reach a compromise after eight hours of talks .
media playback is not supported on this device
the private infrastructure development group -lrb- pidg -rrb- has also built up a # 27 m surplus after the british government ramped up its donations .
the party , which is pitching itself as an alternative government for wales , already launched some of its policies earlier this year .
joe robinson , 24 , who lives in leeds , was with his fiancÃ © e mira rojkan and her mother when they were arrested in the coastal town of didim .
judge thokozile masipa ruled in december that prosecutors could appeal against the acquittal .
the harrogate autumn flower show will use specialist technology to ensure the winning fruit is of the gigantomo variety .
four taliban gunmen were killed in the gunfight after an argument on the outskirts of quetta , a source said .
the convoy was heading through northern paris on its way to le bourget airport late on sunday evening when it was raided , reports say .
the zimbabwean hit 10 boundaries in his 207-ball knock before he was lbw to left - arm spinner jack leach -lrb- 3 - 77 -rrb- .
alun cairns said it was ` ` strange '' that places in the valleys , which benefited from eu aid , registered the strongest leave vote in the referendum .
according to the military , militants now control only small pockets within the southern philippine city .
kate mccann set off from edinburgh on saturday morning with about 20 other cyclists .
the pair appeared to spit at each other during wednesday 's premier league game at st james ' park .
according to organisers a record 3.6 million turned out to vote in the scottish independence referendum .
riham dawabsha suffered severe burns to 90 % of her body in the july attack , blamed on israeli settlers .
new pictures of the surface reveal a lumpy texture in places that researchers speculate could have been the body 's original building blocks .
guernsey , who play in the eight tier of english football , will face thamesmead town on 20 august at footes lane .
some people , including liverpool manager jurgen klopp , questioned how this transfer could be allowed under european football 's governing body uefa 's financial fair play -lrb- ffp -rrb- rules .
the ventriloquist , who , with his puppet duck orville became a staple of saturday night tv in the 1980s , died last month aged 67 .
this is the full statement to the inquests from his mother , edna murray :
the 2014 winner pineau de re was among those to miss the cut for the famous aintree race .
erin cross , from chester , received gene editing therapy in the usa after a Â # 100,000 appeal raised the cash .
moore , 69 , said the women 's game ` ` rides on the coat - tails '' of the men - a view described as ` ` sexist '' by the united states tennis association -lrb- usta -rrb- .
the parade by the campaign group , veterans for justice uk , is now set to take place in coleraine , county londonderry , on saturday 4 march .
on sale at foston 's fine meats in duns are scotch eggs - with a chocolate twist .
health secretary vaughan gething told a bbc radio wales election phone - in he had not backed mr corbyn in the last two leadership contests , but still wanted him to become prime minister .
i give him the benefit of the doubt - his arguably blasé attitude , i think , is a symptom of being consistently called upon to defend his creation .
the firm 's parent company , gtr , has said an offer , which includes a Â # 2,000 bonus , ` ` can not be available indefinitely '' if strikes continue .
it began in november but 20 cases have been notified in the last week and the total is more than for the whole of wales in the last three years .
the 28-year - old scotland international has spent the last two seasons with wasps , having previously had a six - year spell with glasgow warriors .
in his first prime - time speech on a specific policy issue , the republican leader will address the nation at 21:00 local time -lrb- 01:00 gmt -rrb- .
to take just a single example , one person on twitter said of the times 's front page : ` ` he 's white , so let 's highlight the fact that he 's jobless , a lone wolf and suffered mental health issues . ''
the 34-year - old sweden striker 's contract with the french champions expires in the summer , and he has been linked with manchester united , los angeles galaxy and ac milan .
but when the last labour government tried to bring them in the plan faced robust opposition , and the reintroduction of i d cards is not currently being considered by this government .
the system can involve withdrawal of medication , food and fluids .
they show balachandran prabhakaran , son of rebel leader velupillai prabhakaran , eating chocolate on a bench .
experts reassembled pieces of tiles found amid tons of earth from the site known to jews as the temple mount and to muslims as haram al - sharif .
the minnows - in their first season in the top flight - picked up just two points from their opening 10 games and were eight points adrift of safety at the start of april .
the motorist received a Â # 100 fine and three points on their licence .
it is the first time an unsigned artist has won the honour - which has previously gone to adele and sam smith .
felix alexander , from worcester , was 17 when he was hit by a train on 27 april last year .
opener stuart thompson hit 56 while gary wilson -lrb- 41 no -rrb- and captain william porterfield -lrb- 39 -rrb- added valuable runs as ireland made 165 - 5 in greater noida .
around 200 people are feared to have drowned as they tried to cross from zuwara , west of tripoli , to italy .
the carriageway was closed between junction 15 near northampton and newport pagnell services , with congestion stretching back as far as junction 15a for towcester .
shipments jumped 21.8 % from a year earlier , boosted by strong demand from the us and south east asia .
hebcelt is taking place in stornoway and will run until saturday night .
hp split into two separate companies in november - one focused on the printer and pc businesses and the other on corporate services .
these are two of the questions up for debate at a new exhibition at the national library of wales , aberystwyth .
vaughan gething said he was ` ` looking again at charging arrangements '' for people from countries without reciprocal arrangements with the uk .
builders working on the bbc programme were targeted while helping with the project in west bromwich .
our article on whether brexit would have any effect on christmas markets prompted many questions on how to take the stress out of present shopping .
carayol , 26 , is back to full fitness after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury which had kept him out for 13 months .
alexys brown , also known as lexi , died at her home in emmadale close , weymouth , on thursday .
arron banks , who funded the leave eu campaign in last year 's eu referendum , made the allegation via twitter .
` ` i ca n't read anymore , '' she told the hollywood reporter .
kev brady from gloucester said he was terrified as he paddled more than 200 miles -lrb- 320 km -rrb- along the mahaweli .
david haines was killed by so - called islamic state fighters almost exactly one year ago , on 13 september 2014 .
almog cohen and dario lezcano put ingolstadt 2 - 0 up before half - time .
security camera footage showed the suspect taking a weapon out of his backpack and shooting .
the austrian opened the scoring with a penalty after ashley westwood brought down phil bardsley .
the red brick terrace at 9 newcastle road , wavertree , was where the member of the beatles lived from birth , in 1940 , until he was five .
22 december 2015 last updated at 09:18 gmt
rocket lab 's 17m - long -lrb- 56 ft -rrb- electron lifted off from the mahia peninsula , in the north island , the firm said .
the two manchester sides will meet at the bird 's nest stadium in beijing on monday , 25 july as part of the pre - season international champions cup .
the ftse 100 company said it would not be able to afford the rising cost of its contribution to the pension plan from 2018 .
there was no change of tone , no acknowledgement of any fresh message the voters had sent mrs may , bar a passing reference to opportunity and fairness that echoed her speech on the same spot 11 months ago .
charli xcx , ella eyre and lianne la havas will appear alongside the chemical brothers and underworld .
the government has been accused of failing to do more to help 2.6 million women born in the 1950s who have lost out because of changes to pension law .
chris dent 's 100 off 111 balls was the backbone of gloucestershire 's total of 260 all out .
he said he hoped the treaty would help prevent the transfer of weapons to ` ` warlords , human rights abusers , terrorists and criminal organisations '' .
cwmbran - based douglas willis ltd could not prove when the meat was frozen and admitted 12 offences of mislabelling .
promoted edinburgh city started with a 3 - 2 loss at home to forfar , and annan beat stirling albion by the same score line .
the ecb cut its deposit rate by the minimum 0.1 percentage point to -0.3 % , and extended its asset purchase program , but did not increase its monthly government bond purchases .
medway council is to stop new takeaways opening near secondary schools at lunchtime and near secondaries and primaries after school .
by the close , the ftse 100 had gained 0.97 % , or 64.57 points , to end at 6,737.95 .
he has only played twice all season , having also missed the start of the season with a back problem .
it is believed they will oppose plans to publicly name recipients and seek legal advice on any contract changes .
sir alex ferguson 's premier league champions responded in spectacular fashion to manchester city 's outstanding 5 - 1 win at spurs by returning to the top of the table with a result that represented arsenal 's worst defeat since 1896 .
real scored three goals in the first 16 minutes , with karim benzema heading the first from a james rodriguez cross .
but the former scotland midfielder insists that he can turn the cumbernauld outfit around despite only one win in 12 games .
detective botha was removed pending the result of an investigation into seven counts of attempted murder .
fans threw flares and ripped up parts of the mohammed v stadium after raja 's 2 - 1 victory over chabab rif al hoceima .
bob neill was speaking after ministers claimed there had been a ` ` relentless campaign of distortions and half - truths '' about the move .
they say the government is failing to promote back - to - nature schemes which protect lowland homes by deliberately creating floods in the hills .
data shows that the total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12 % on the previous year 's figures .
in the hautes alpes , they are currently feeding beneath ski lifts on slopes that will soon be covered by a thick layer of snow .
the victim was david byrne , a leading member of the kinahan criminal gang .
the 24-year - old spaniard was with east fife last season and impressed during a short trial at dens park .
former england skipper terry , 36 , will leave the premier league champions at the end of the season .
it was discovered by a passing police patrol near holy cross boys ' primary school in ardoyne in the early hours of sunday morning .
the 29-year - old was on trial with english championship side bolton wanderers last week but has signed a three - year deal in turkey instead .
david fifita 's second - minute try , a ben jones - bishop score and three liam finn kicks put wakefield 14 - 0 up early on , as scott grix and jake connor replied .
yorkshire water said the problem was detected at water treatment works at tophill low and keldgate .
the justices said they would hear a combined case about marriage bans in four states .
before saturday 's fight between anthony joshua and wladimir klitschko , find out which boxing great you are by taking our quick personality test .
the sum is on top of more than # 1.2 bn set aside in previous years ' provisions .
media playback is not supported on this device
lord alderdice said proposals for a new international body to monitor paramilitary activity would have ` ` much less power '' than the panel he sat on .
the pastor and his family eventually fled chibok in september after repeated attacks by the militants .
friday is likely to be the busiest day of the year , with air traffic controllers expecting to handle more than 8,800 flights - a record number .
speaking to huw edwards on the wales report , andrew rt davies defended his party from criticism that it simply opposes labour policies rather than putting forward its own programme for government .
wasps goalkeeper neil parry had already denied dobbie three times before the striker curled in a drive off a post .
the oil giant said the majority of the staff and contractor posts would go this year , with the rest expected to be lost by the end of next year .
germany , australia , nepal and pakistan now offer a third gender option on official forms with other countries set to follow suit .
according to his spokeswoman , ` ` matthew may tape something '' for the tribute to the show 's creator james burrows .
the 75-year - old was recovered unconscious from the water at tywyn , by a crew from aberdovey rnli lifeboat at 16:14 bst on saturday .
torquing group was criticised for a lack of communication over the zano after the project folded last week .
the route between edinburgh and tweedbank had been hit by delays and cancellations .
although such an event should have been predicted and planned for , the panel said , it found gaping holes in safety standards and emergency procedures .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has released the names of the most wanted , whose crimes range from rape to child abuse and drug trafficking .
seven - year - old yamato tanooka was found in a military training base near shikabe in hokkaido , just a few kilometres from where he was left .
it shows californians are starting to understand ` ` that we are in the drought of our lives , '' state water regulator official felicia marcus said .
a petition to the assembly wants it to be mandatory to scan microchips of all pets , dead or alive .
after losing to the west indies in their opening match , england chased 230 to beat south africa and recovered from 57 - 6 to defeat afghanistan .
anna egginton - murray , who quit lancashire care nhs foundation trust in september , said there was nobody with the expertise to treat serious cases in the prisons she worked in .
the spiders ' david galt headed against the outside of the post before shire took the lead .
she was a passenger in a car that collided with a lorry on the legacorry road at about 15:35 gmt on thursday .
11 april 2016 last updated at 06:52 bst
the firm said there were waiting times of up to three and a half hours at the terminal in folkestone and an hour in calais .
two men took # 200 from the shop at rosskeen park at 04:00 gmt on thursday before making off in the stolen car .
rio 's offer of 16.50 australian dollars -lrb- $ 16.42 ; Â # 10.14 -rrb- is now conditional on 47 % of shareholders accepting it by 6 april .
arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4 - 0 victory over clyde .
the x factor 's 13th series began in august with 8.5 million viewers - four million fewer than 2010 's launch show .
a warning by dup minister paul givan that about 34,000 homes in northern ireland could miss out on Â # 91 m set aside to mitigate the effects of the ` ` bedroom tax '' over four years makes the front page of the belfast telegraph .
based on a true story , pride shows how gay rights campaigners from london raised thousands of pounds for miners in the dulais valley , after the num had spurned their support .
mr abe will be accompanied by us president barack obama , making the visit the first by the leaders of both countries since the attack .
gayle , 25 , scored 26 goals in 74 games for palace after joining them from peterborough for # 6 m in july 2013 .
donald swanson was born at geise , near thurso , and went on to become one of britain 's best victorian detectives .
the bird 's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in bethesda while it was chasing a wood pigeon .
ministers shelved wednesday 's vote on relaxing hunting laws in england and wales after the snp said it would vote against the changes .
in a white house news conference , mr obama also said he ` ` absolutely '' has concerns about the president - elect .
truck drivers are resorting to cocaine , speed and ecstasy to help keep themselves awake on long journeys .
the ` ` twisted light '' approach relies on what is called light 's orbital angular momentum , which has been put forth as an unexploited means to carry data .
he was held in essex by officers working on the investigation into historical sex crimes .
paul mason , of ipswich , used to weigh 70 stone -lrb- 440 kg -rrb- but has lost more than 40 stone -lrb- 254 kg -rrb- with the help of gastric band surgery .
in 2015/16 , 93.3 % of youngsters were in a ` ` positive destination '' three months after leaving high school .
caven vines claimed during an interview in january 2015 the mps knew about the abuse but did not intervene .
there could be ` ` serious implications '' for gloucestershire police , the police and crime commissioner has warned .
after a dreadful first - half showing , spurs improved and the wales left - back found the breakthrough against their championship opponents with a deft header .
` ` the rules of the game are changing , '' the prime minister declared .
justice secretary michael matheson has directed her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary in scotland to investigate the actions of undercover officers .
the first planes landed on the sand in the wide bay of traigh mhor in june 1936 .
the m8 westbound was closed for five hours at newhouse in north lanarkshire because of a jackknifed lorry , which also caused a diesel spillage .
media playback is unsupported on your device
michael hoolickin , 27 , suffered multiple stab wounds in a fracas between a group of men and women on 14 october in middleton , greater manchester .
3 january 2016 last updated at 16:39 gmt
chukwudumeme onwuamadike , who is better known as evans , says he was unlawfully detained and a subject of trial by media .
the roll - on roll - off vehicle and passenger vessel is the third of its type to be built for calmac and will be part of its clyde and hebrides fleet .
sam vokes turned owls captain glenn loovens , squaring for strike partner andre gray to tap in for the visitors .
scotland 's health boards paid more than # 20 m in overtime and additional pay to some doctors in 2015/16 , up from the # 14 m paid out in 2014/15 .
the 24-year - old arrived at rodney parade from llanelli in september on a one - season contract because of a back row injury crisis .
that was just over over half of last year 's haul , when the website auctioned a coffee meeting with the apple boss .
wayan mirna solihin , 27 , met with two friends in a jakarta cafe on january 6 .
dave and leslie blissett , of lincolnshire , bought the tornado gr1 - extensively involved in the 1991 conflict - as a shell .
governor rick scott issued the executive order in four counties after samples taken from the st lucie river tested positive for toxins .
however , the resolution is non - binding , with nigeria and senegal opposing a withdrawal .
one of the most celebrated african - american broadcasters in the us was best known for moderating washington week in review and for pbs newshour .
media playback is not supported on this device
wellington zoo said lanky had arthritis and had been struggling to support his own weight .
the office for national statistics found it contained the highest proportion of deprived areas , followed by west bromwich in the west midlands .
the profit included a ` write back ' of # 27 m in impairment charges .
the study , published in the journal of the american medical association , analysed data from 48 separate trials .
the minister , katherine zappone , revealed the figure as she addressed the dÃ ¡ il -lrb- irish parliament -rrb- .
goals from ciaran mcnulty , sam caine and conor doyle helped the isle of man side to a 3 - 1 victory in the final over felvidek of hungary .
in march , the icao issued an alert on thailand 's aviation body after a safety audit revealed that it failed to adequately oversee its airlines .
shazia ahmad and wasim ali , from newport , umar arif , umar butt and khalid yassen , from cardiff , and zawed malik from greater manchester , all deny conspiracy to supply the class a drug .
10 september 2016 last updated at 18:36 bst
voters in bassetlaw district council take to the polls to elect a third of the north nottinghamshire authority .
in a speech marking the end of the islamic holy month of ramadan , he said iran still had sharp differences with the us , above all over the middle east .
mazembe made sure of the win having held their opponents to a 1 - 1 draw in algeria in the first leg of the final last weekend .
rwe innogy uk had applied for a permit to divert water from the river conwy to supply a new hydroelectric scheme near betws - y - coed .
greg dyke has invited astle 's widow laraine and his daughters , claire and dawn , to wembley stadium on 10 august .
he was speaking before the arrival of ministers and some heads of state in marrakech on tuesday .
the deal ends months of speculation about the future of the gulls , who were facing financial difficulties .
the proportion was significantly higher than those who received the special measure in state schools where the figure is fewer than one in eight .
` ` ceta is done and we will not reopen it , '' said eu trade commissioner cecilia malmstrom .
the 24-year - old striker , who scored 25 premier league goals last season , turned down the most lucrative contract offer in everton 's history in march .
the blues started their title defence with a 2 - 0 win over carrick while ards were beaten 6 - 3 by the reds .
david cameron has refused to take part in the debates unless the green party is included .
albert ii warned against the dangers of populists seeking scapegoats for current economic difficulties .
max power 's scuffed shot allowed grigg to pounce and nod the latics ahead .
a selection of photos from across the african continent this week :
it carries the simple name e - delicious , and it takes the form of a box about the size of a large printer , containing sensors , and some computer circuitry , which act as an electronic tongue and nose .
benjamin hyland - ward faces nine counts of fraud by false representation in connection with selling tickets .
hull - based martin williams ltd took over penman engineering near dumfries in november last year .
north cumbria university hospitals trust said it was discovered over a week ago by a member of staff who alerted senior clinicians .
the sell - out event brought 75,000 people from around the world to see a spectacular fireworks and laser show bring in 2017 .
leeds held a four - point advantage at the break after two converted tries from jamie peacock and one for ash handley , with lama tasi and niall evalds replying for salford .
prices rose by 8.6 % in england in the year to the end of january , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- said .
a merger of the royal liverpool and aintree university hospitals has been proposed in the draft sustainability and transformation plan for merseyside and cheshire released on wednesday .
the head of city centre regeneration is set to receive the largest increase of 20 % , leading to a salary of # 75,000 .
chronic myeloid leukaemia -lrb- cml -rrb- patients are often required to take tyrosine kinase inhibitors -lrb- tkis -rrb- indefinitely .
derbyshire wildlife trust took legal action after derby city council approved the track , to be built on part of the sanctuary nature reserve .
graham dwyer , 42 , from the foxrock suburb of south dublin , pleaded not guilty to the murder of elaine o'hara .
the project at ffrwd farm nature reserve , pembrey , is part of a wider ongoing water vole strategy for south wales .
a judge said there was a basis for concluding the officers , known as m and q , may have perverted the course of justice and committed perjury while giving evidence .
the toilet , in a busy park in pudong new area , will have 10 unisex stalls , plus some urinals and a stall for disabled people .
the match was due to take place on thursday but was rescheduled due to a frozen pitch at stade des alpes .
the argentina forward , 28 , is serving a three - match ban for his violent conduct in city 's 3 - 1 win against west ham .
an action on hearing loss cymru survey found many job seekers are reluctant to list it on job applications .
judge michael levanas said the $ 2bn sale could go ahead .
for a second time , he 's giving up a role he did n't inherit , but gained on merit .
while its existence has become a source of controversy on both sides of the channel , some are also angry at attempts to destroy it .
the plan involved buying hacking tools offered by the shadow brokers and then protecting computers before they could be targeted by cyber - criminals .
former england batsman boycott said morgan was not ` ` as good as he thinks he is '' and ` ` not so clever '' against top - class bowling .
campaigners have asked the university to reconsider the move , highlighting its ` ` strong record '' in educating people from disadvantaged groups .
it happened at a 21st birthday party in the apartment in berkeley , california .
three prisoners have been recaptured while 57 others managed to escape and remain at large .
it was first spotted at montevrain , 38 km -lrb- 23 miles -rrb- east of paris .
they have trained wild monitor lizards , known locally as goannas , not to eat the toxic amphibians .
it is understood civil claims have been made against the car owners , even though they were not involved in the thefts or crashes .
it is thought about 400 people in northern ireland live with permanent disabilities after surviving gun and bomb attacks .
the vehicle was dragged for several hundred metres after being struck by a paris - bound train at conde - sur - huisne in the orne region on friday evening .
the incident happened in gerard street , ashton - in - makerfield in wigan at about 14:45 bst on saturday .
the procession will visit the east riding on 18 and 19 june and northern lincolnshire on 26 and 27 june .
international olympic committee president thomas bach is urging the tour to adhere to world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- rules .
the social mobility commission warns of many ` ` treadmill families running harder and harder but standing still '' .
spireites midfielder gary liddle was sent off after only 16 minutes for a foul on kane vincent - young .
zaneta krokova , 11 , and helina kotlarova , 12 , who were ` ` holding hands '' as they crossed the road , died after the crash on ashton road .
fire , police and coastguard teams were called to butley creek near orford , suffolk , on wednesday by a member of the public who had seen the supine figure of a man lying in the water .
despite decades of tobacco control policies , population growth has seen an increased number of smokers , it warned .
the body of waldek mural , 57 , was discovered by a member of the public in burley park burley on 5 september .
the rock legends ' set went out on the bbc world service as part of alexis korner 's rhythm and blues programme and was taped from an am radio in europe .
qualification for france looks little more than a formality from a favourable group that offered england and manager roy hodgson the perfect rehabilitation period after their embarrassing early retreat from south america at the group stage .
2 june 2017 last updated at 08:09 bst
just days after dropping a supreme court action , the twins filed a fresh lawsuit against the company .
the event on 27 may offers 46 - or 95-mile routes snaking through the scenic trossachs and the campsie fells north of glasgow .
but does it ?
one person died when a car , a van pulling a trailer and a lorry crashed between junctions 10 and 10a on sunday at about 15:00 bst .
in the aftermath of khalid masood 's assault on london , the bbc received a number of questions from people concerned about safety and security on our streets .
tony mcmahon 's free - kick deflected into the path of lee evans as he gave bradford the lead from close range .
media playback is not supported on this device
but those words - contained in a detailed statement issued by scotland yard on monday afternoon - raise more questions than answers .
lara clarke , from walsall , won the award at the cake international contest with her 5 ft 10 in -lrb- 1.7 m -rrb- creation , inspired by the hunger games star .
former justice minister david ford is among a cross - community group of politicians and human - rights activists involved in the bid .
in an interview for june 's edition of empire magazine , moore recalled his early meetings with 007 film director guy hamilton .
the double olympic champion , 23 , pipped katie archibald in a repeat of friday 's one - two in the individual pursuit .
the regulator , nhs improvement , said it wanted more progress after the nhs had slipped behind schedule in its efforts to reduce the agency bill .
media playback is not supported on this device
15 january 2016 last updated at 07:44 gmt
results for england and wales
the uk foreign secretary announced on twitter he had arrived in irbil to meet kurdish regional government officials .
robert trigg was convicted of murdering 52-year - old susan nicholson in 2011 and of the manslaughter of caroline devlin , 35 , who died in march 2006 .
she had come prepared to own up to her mistakes , apologising to the gathered throng just as a few hours earlier she had apologised to the cabinet .
orica - scott rider yates , 24 , started sunday second overall but climbed off with 75 km of the 210 km stage remaining .
two men from douglas and a 32-year - old man from liverpool were held in connection with the discovery , which followed a raid at a property in douglas on thursday .
it follows suggestions third - party software had been used to steal intimate photos of celebrities - posted online last month - from icloud .
the service for friends and relatives of steve warren was held at huntworth near bridgwater .
militants armed with guns and grenades gained entry after one detonated explosives at a hospital gate and then opened fire on staff and patients .
shanghai have signed the argentina forward , 32 , from boca juniors but no details were given over the contract .
the rdg , which represents train operators and network rail , said it was the smallest annual rise for six years .
mr houchen beat labour 's sue jeffrey by a little over 2,000 votes after second preference votes were counted .
tony tinley responded to the sunday times report that the company may spend research budgets overseas if government support for innovation is cut .
the speed at which the government has moved to take control of the narrative shows just how much pressure they 're under to display they 're in charge .
the rolling stones apparently charge $ 8 m -lrb- # 5 m -rrb- to do a one - off performance , while sir elton john is said to require $ 4 m .
paul benson almost gave the daggers an early lead but his header was well cleared off the line by alex whittle after nine minutes .
along with his fellow student abhay singhal , not only did they achieve that task , but they have also built greyorange , a multi - national robotics company based in india and operating across asia .
liam laverick , 25 , from beeford grove in hull has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of his four - week old son , tommy lee .
gurpal shehri , 28 , who worked for cambridgeshire police , passed on information to the man who he had met at the fitness station gym in dogsthorpe , peterborough .
the union is supporting a campaign to stop bangor university student shiromini satkunarajah being deported to sri lanka .
in may , 14 fifa officials and sports marketing executives were indicted in the us on racketeering charges involving more than $ 150 m -lrb- # 97 m -rrb- .
the 54-year - old , who led the team to three drivers ' and constructors ' championship doubles in a row from 2014 to 2016 , is expected to join williams .
a bbc analysis suggests 195 out of 402 official bathing waters are patrolled between july and september .
british number one shuker , 37 , and france 's stephane houdet , 46 , defeated alfie hewett , another briton , and usa 's dana mathewson 6 - 3 7 - 5 .
media playback is not supported on this device
bath hooker tom woolstencroft is joined by lock marcus garratt , also 21 , who arrives from championship side cornish pirates , having previously played alongside him on loan at the rec .
tumours can ` ` seed '' themselves elsewhere in the body and this process is behind 90 % of cancer deaths .
fleetwood , who won at january 's abu dhabi championship , shot a superb nine - under 63 to make up eight shots on austrian wiesberger in china .
mr gove said no home secretary had done more to tackle the problem - while mrs may praised mr gove for introducing a dedicated extremism unit .
machinery that used to be ` ` the heart '' of poldark mine is to be restored by cornwall college engineering students .
heavy rain seemed to have scuppered any hope of play on a night just three matches from seven got under way , and only two ended with a positive result .
he died in a dublin hospital at 06:40 gmt on friday .
when the nozzle releasing a stream of molten glass is raised above a certain level , that thread begins to wobble .
he said that a rugby player has many ways to score a try but the route he so often chose was the shortest route : ` ` straight over a fella .
three people were left seriously injured in the incident on marine drive , rhos - on - sea , conwy county , at about 14:25 gmt on wednesday .
last weekend , the country was declared free of the virus that killed almost 4,000 people in the country over the past 18 months .
spelman college in atlanta , georgia , had provisionally suspended the position last year when the allegations first emerged .
a panel of judges compiled a list of the country 's 100 most influential females for radio 4 's woman 's hour .
the european research centre announced its spoof discovery with pictures showing its scientists using the force in everyday life .
almost everyone with a chinese background has grown up learning the folktale journey to the west , the story of an epic pilgrimage of a buddhist monk and his three disciples , the legendary monkey god sun wukong , the greedy and mischievous zhu bajie and man - eating demon sha wujing .
it has recently attended nine properties in areas including poole .
rankin suffered cramp in his sole test appearance against australia in january 2014 then dropped out of favour with the country he switched to in 2012 .
the 21-year - old made his debut for the tigers in the league cup first - round tie against accrington stanley in august .
sir peter blake received liverpool 's citizen of honour at a ceremony at the city 's liver building .
the victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an upper - caste girl about a month ago .
media playback is not supported on this device
julian lewis , chairman of the defence select committee , said the former prime minister had ` ` charm and ability '' .
a report due to go before the authority 's cabinet on 15 july is proposing to make the cuts to cope with ` ` a significant funding shortfall '' .
five out of six -lrb- 84 % -rrb- of those who voted in the ballot backed walkouts and the union said its leaders will now consider their next move .
the injury - hit hammers lost to romanian champions astra giurgiu in the qualifying round for the second season in succession .
victory lifted the shrimpers up to fifth , while posh have only won six of their 17 home league games this term .
it is a joint venture between lacuna developments , based in holywood , county down , and the welsh firm watkin jones .
two officers were inside the car conducting a mobile patrol of the town when the incident occurred in the early hours of monday .
but the annual easter school at st mary 's university college belfast drew more than 250 pupils from across the west of the city this week .
media playback is not supported on this device
experts are cautious because the drug , aducanumab , is still in the early stages of development .
the teenager was walking on the ancrum road crossing , near the junction with ancrum drive , when she was hit by a black ford fiesta at about 17:20 on monday .
` ` i know that the presidential campaign is developing actively in france , '' the russian president said , adding : ` ` of course , we do not want to influence events in any way . ''
the much - anticipated film sparked controversy last week after it emerged it would feature a ` ` gay moment '' .
the two sides have been without a binding deal since the previous one expired in june .
more than 700,000 private messages between members have also been leaked .
the meeting will be attended by police officers , lawyers and scotland 's lord advocate james wolffe qc .
the 40 ft -lrb- 12 m -rrb- whale was discovered by wardens at the holkham national nature reserve on thursday .
the 45 - 55 vote marks the second defeat for republicans aiming to pass a bill this week to undo the health policy .
media playback is unsupported on your device
mark jeansonne said his client , chris few , had his hands up and was not threatening police when gunfire began .
most of the deaths resulted from a stampede as hundreds of students rushed to escape the blaze through two exits , the kano state officials said .
the alex , relegated from league one , enquired about the 18-year - old but were turned down immediately .
four were treated for smoke inhalation and one was taken to hospital with burns , devon and somerset fire and rescue service said .
ministers are to increase the maximum discount - currently # 16,000 to # 38,000 - to more than the expected # 50,000 .
it is thought to be the second test of the north 's new musudan missile .
adam ashe , stuart hogg and henry pyrgos have all committed to warriors until 2019 .
if the bill is adopted , the lyrics would change from ` ` in all thy sons command '' to ` ` in all of us command '' .
us academics have produced international comparisons in key subjects - using tests taken in 2011 by 900,000 pupils in over 60 countries .
media playback is not supported on this device
gwynedd council decided to go ahead with establishing a new church in wales campus at ysgol y berwyn in bala .
23 june 2015 last updated at 12:13 bst
leading by 37.2 seconds heading into the last stage , the briton narrowly missed parked cars as he went off the road with under one kilometre left .
bempton cliffs at flamborough head has the uk 's largest mainland seabird colony , according to the rspb .
three of those executed had been convicted of an attack in tiananmen square in beijing last october , in which five people died , xinhua said .
media playback is not supported on this device
she outlined her concerns about the consequences of the brexit vote in a letter to theresa may on wednesday .
speaking to bbc radio 4 's today programme , he said he would build on the support he received at rallies to reconnect the party to voters .
it follows the arrest of an former ombudsman investigator over an alleged theft of sensitive security documents .
police said the accident happened at just before 13:00 at the event in blaxhall , north - east of ipswich .
atletico lost tuesday 's quarter - final first leg 2 - 1 , with goalscorer fernando torres sent off when they led 1 - 0 .
the agreement , reached late on friday after two days of talks in brussels , gives the uk power to limit some eu migrants ' benefits .
thick smoke has been billowing from the fire in slitting mill road in rugeley , staffordshire , since the blaze began on 5 september .
the victim who can not be named to protect her safety , was abused for more than 10 years , bearing two children .
the fatwa , which is not legally binding but will be influential , was issued after a three - day congress of female clerics in the country .
on wednesday the us congress voted for a law allowing families of nearly 3,000 people killed in the attacks to sue .
mr bell made the allegation while speaking under parliamentary privilege .
presiding officer tricia marwick shed tears after veteran labour msp duncan mcneil bid farewell to the parliament .
the 75-year - old , from london , admitted the abuse of 11 boys as young as eight .
defender ofuso appiah clattered into the 22-year - old in the closing stages of the europa league qualifier .
michael fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035 .
gaby scanlon , of heysham , lancashire , was served the nitro - jagermeister while celebrating her 18th birthday in 2012 .
the shrimps lost their opening game of the season at newly - promoted grimsby but then knocked championship side rotherham out of the efl cup 5 - 4 and have won three straight league games .
the shooting occurred at a hostel attached to the private pragati residential school in bangalore city .
payments have been stopped to the west london vocational training college and its students in the welsh capital .
christian englander will now face trial , with jury selection scheduled for 23 september , assistant district attorney anastasia martin said .
the prime minister ` ` is committed to free school meals in england '' , an official spokesman told the bbc .
the perth club has suspended the team - mates pending a club investigation .
former chilean football association president harold mayne - nicholls , 56 , was one of five senior officials fifa said were being investigated .
their mercedes team said they had ` ` strengthened our rules of engagement to include much greater deterrents to contact between our cars '' .
a survey carried out for the local government association -lrb- lga -rrb- by estate agents savills showed that just 20 % of those aged 25 own their own property , compared with 46 % two decades ago .
the ` ` witches ' marks '' were often carved near entrances to buildings , including the house where shakespeare was born and the tower of london .
the degrees form part of the uk 's cyber security strategy published in 2011 .
maya kantengule was found at the bottom of a swimming pool at waveney river centre holiday park in burgh st peter , norfolk , on may 1 2016 .
a defence official said in a statement on wednesday that its nuclear programme had ` ` long been in the full - fledged stage of miniaturisation '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
poole borough council plans to put charges up by 10 % in 2017 and by 5 % every year until 2020 .
it was a statement from susan alexander , azelle rodney 's mother .
the lawsuit accuses jean kasem of elder abuse and inflicting emotional distress on kasem 's children by restricting their access to him before his death , according to the ap news agency .
thousands more had official guest status and got a slightly closer view from inside the spaceport itself .
a report by the organisation suggests men , women and children are being abused ` ` to eliminate public protest '' .
from next season , the championship winners will go up automatically if they meet ` minimum standard criteria ' .
media playback is not supported on this device
it issued a yellow warning of wind , saying gusts of up to 75 mph -lrb- 120kmph -rrb- could occur locally , particularly to the west of the mountains .
the committee believes it has been sent by malcolm mckibben to the permanent secretaries of government departments .
two other injured men were taken to hospital , where a 25-year - old with knife wounds is in a critical condition , west midlands police said .
the track 's release date was brought forward by five weeks after a cover version by x factor 's fleur east topped the itunes chart last week .
according to the corporation , ` ` the extended ten will give audiences even more news analysis and explanation '' .
the anti - secrecy website has published thousands of the us spy agency 's secret documents , including what it says are the cia 's hacking tools .
bu farw sophie taylor , 22 , ar ôl i ' w char daro bloc o fflatiau yn ardal adamsdown ym mis awst y llynedd .
bhs entered administration in april .
the plans would allow victims to ask for a case to be reviewed when police identified a suspect but did not pass a file to the crown prosecution service .
new rules come in on 1 january , which will reduce compensation to # 75,000 per person , per institution .
it is currently negotiating with the landlord of an office block but has other options if those discussions are not successful .
dene magna school in mitcheldean , gloucestershire , has about 750 pupils on its roll .
midfielder doughty stabbed home in the 94th minute after millwall failed to clear a free - kick .
jersey - based collector david gainsborough - roberts , 73 , spent his life collecting a variety of memorabilia from famous people .
they made the connection on an expedition to the boy 's village , meliandou .
the graves became lost in time until members of broughton and district history group began their research .
anthony kevin morais went missing on 4 september after leaving his house .
the 33-year - old has featured only twice for the foxes this term , having signed a new one - year deal with the premier league newcomers in the summer .
the mile - long northern inner distributor road -lrb- nidr -rrb- now links the east of the town with the west .
the soldiers from the 2 scots battalion of the royal regiment of scotland are being sent to kabul to help train the afghan army .
a * and a grades were awarded to 26.3 % of entries - up by 0.5 percentage points compared with last year - with boys overtaking girls in top grades .
media playback is not supported on this device
hugh mcgoldrick spent six days in jail after admitting falsifying drug trials on patients with sleep disorders .
police said the child , who is thought to have been shot by her father who was found dead at the scene in northiam , is seven years old .
media playback is not supported on this device
it happened on 16 september when mr obama visited the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta .
the biggest is a $ 47.5 bn -lrb- Â # 38.6 bn -rrb- civil claim brought by brazil 's federal prosecutors , the companies said .
the end - of - season event gets under way on sunday , with more than 250,000 spectators expected across eight days .
ed snowden , a 29-year - old former technical worker for the cia , has since revealed himself to be the source of the leaks in an interview with the guardian news website .
chartoff 's daughters confirmed he died at home in santa monica surrounded by his family .
ai has accused lego of ` ` censorship and discrimination '' after it refused his bulk order for bricks for a new exhibition in melbourne , australia .
a preview showed the pair dancing to beyonce 's single ladies .
michal konrad herba , 36 , was held on a european arrest warrant at an address in tividale , west midlands .
media playback is not supported on this device
leaving the union would see prices rise and threaten jobs , the prime minister said , in a move seen as an attempt to reach out to labour voters .
he said manila would not ` ` break or abrogate existing treaties '' , suggesting he wants to maintain the philippines ' ties with the us .
in his election campaign for a second term in office , he promised a moderate modern and outward looking iran , in sharp contrast to the vision his main rival ebrahim raisi , a hardline senior cleric and judge , had put forward .
after two hours of talks with president vladimir putin and foreign secretary sergei lavrov in moscow , he said that the ` ` two foremost nuclear powers can not have this relationship '' .
the name is expressed with affection by some , with hostility by others , but it calls up history for everyone .
the lisbon side led 4 - 0 at the break thanks to goals from franco cervi , raul jimenez , pizzi and jonas .
mr kalashnikov had been involved in the ` ` anti - maidan '' protests in support of deposed president viktor yanukovych .
grow ni said companies were deferring decisions to invest due to the uncertainty over the future of the tax .
edward davies , 39 , from hampshire , has not been in touch with his family or friends since sunday 8 may .
it is more than twice the sum initially estimated in an inquiry into fn staff .
the aircraft , nicknamed ` ` bette '' after one of its pilot 's girlfriends , was built in 1941 from donations from the borough of lambeth spitfire fund .
the new note features images of scottish mathematician and astronomer mary somerville , her hometown of burntisland in fife , and two otters .
the helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person in the daventry area .
the uk and ireland are among the countries that can now sell beef to canada .
the line between oxford and didcot parkway was closed for 16 days while flood prevention work took place at hinksey .
the potters ' record signing , who arrived in january , powered home to give the visitors a half - time lead .
network rail said it would provide twitter updates of engineers installing new freight lines over easter weekend .
the victim suffered a serious head injury in the attack at an address on school road in heysham , on thursday .
some have asked to remain anonymous so have only given their first names .
the 93 ft -lrb- 28 m -rrb- long vc10 fuselage left bruntingthorpe in leicestershire for raf museum cosford , shropshire , at about 07:00 bst .
the irish made history on 5 november with a first ever win over the world champions in chicago and schmidt knows the all blacks will want revenge .
the tribunal de commerce decided seafrance 's future after a bailout by the french government was ruled illegal by the european commission .
the 34 ft -lrb- 10 m -rrb- catamaran crashed into the turbine off the coast of cumbria , about 2.5-miles -lrb- 4 km -rrb- off walney island , near barrow .
cleverly , 29 , will face braehmer for the wba regular light - heavyweight belt in germany on 1 october .
lasse vibe netted a first - half double for the bees which followed a nico yennaris close - range finish to make the result all but secure by half - time .
shepherd murombedzi caught the hosts cold to play in harry white and the former barnsley forward made no mistake to fire solihull in front after nine minutes .
media playback is not supported on this device
the top seeds defeated australia 's dylan alcott and south africa 's lucas sithole 6 - 0 3 - 6 6 - 2 .
daly spent two seasons at ibrox after leaving tannadice , where he has been training since pre - season .
police said the rockets had landed in open areas , without causing damage or injury .
the law also permits 12-year - olds to be contracted to work for others .
there are also rumours that mokhtar belmokhtar , the leader of al - qaeda in the islamic maghreb -lrb- aqim -rrb- , has also been killed in a separate drone strike in libya although the group has denied this .
last year 's event , the first at strathallan in perthshire , was criticised over traffic issues and antisocial behaviour .
the fourth forum on the development of tibet , taking place in the tibetan capital this week , is a communist party - run symposium and therefore an unavoidably political affair .
neither side had amassed more than 215 in an innings in the previous three tests and india , who lead 2 - 0 , were struggling on 66 - 3 and 139 - 6 in delhi .
uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body imposed the punishment for ` ` acts of violence against the referee '' .
ferries are stuck at dover and part of the m20 has been closed as lorries wait to cross the channel .
mr blair said the party he used to lead should aspire to govern , rather than be a ` ` fringe protest movement '' .
former defence minister filipe nyusi won the presidential election in october 2014 and was inaugurated in january 2015 .
the 25-year - old , who has helped sarries to three premiership titles , has played 152 times for the club since 2008 .
mccann left the club three days ago having guided them to premiership safety in a five - week spell in charge .
the party 's nec said it had voted by a ` ` clear majority '' to exclude mr woolfe - previously seen as the frontrunner .
dan groves said the ` ` finer points '' of a deal which could see wright buy 20 % of the club are yet to be released .
villa instead appointed roberto di matteo , but he was sacked after 124 days and replaced by steve bruce .
visitors and residents protested against lepe country park closing its gates by 20:00 , particularly during the summer months .
pakistan seemed to be cruising to a draw before debutant adil rashid - who returned 0 - 163 in the first innings - turned the match with five wickets .
shwe mann was sacked from the union solidarity and development party -lrb- usdp -rrb- last week in a power struggle .
it will provide extra antenatal support with specially - trained midwives , psychologists and paediatricians .
kluber struck out eight of the first nine outs registered and roberto perez hit two home runs as the cubs endured a miserable return to the season finale .
in previous years crime figures have seen a significant rise during the annual celebration .
natalie queiroz , 40 , has been moved from critical care to a ward following the attack on hollyfield road , sutton coldfield , near birmingham , on friday .
the 35-year - old batsman will link up again with his ex - black caps team - mate daniel vettori , who was appointed middlesex 's twenty20 coach on a three - year deal in december .
it was believed the irish army had removed all the wreckage at the time but a group of aviation historians and queens university belfast archaeologists thought otherwise .
iain duncan smith said the raft of changes should save the taxpayer Â # 50bn by the end of this parliament .
the regime had said the 22-year - old otto warmbier 's coma was caused last year by botulism and a sleeping pill he took after his trial .
premier had suspended its shares on 13 january after agreeing to buy e.on 's north sea assets for a net $ 120 m -lrb- Â # 84 m -rrb- plus working capital adjustments .
the figures come ahead of wednesday 's agm where investors will quiz management over their plans for the hinkley point nuclear plant in the uk .
police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across canada motivated by hate , a 5 % increase from the previous year .
` ` it was extraordinary to have found yourself a symbol of freedom of expression , though for the wrong reasons , '' the 73-year old bogdanov tells the bbc world service 's witness programme on the 30th anniversary of his trial .
south wales police has arrested a 21-year - old man in connection with the incident at kingsway just before 03:30 gmt .
oxford city council said the money had mostly been used for ` ` ground investigations of possible sites '' but nowhere suitable had been found .
the actor , who was known to millions as coronation street binman eddie yeats in the 1970s and 1980s , died ` ` peacefully in his sleep '' on friday night .
the holy trinity fighter had a 3 - 2 majority win against the world and european light - welterweight title holder to reach the quarter - finals .
a journalist and stock market officials are among those arrested , xinhua said .
the uk must go further to ensure those settling learn english ` ` so they can be more integrated into our country '' .
the rig ran aground off lewis during a storm on monday while being transported to malta .
the chain , which floated on the stock market in june 2014 , reported like - for - like growth of 1.1 % for the 13 weeks to 27 june .
the Â # 45 m facility , to be built at sutherland drive in kilmarnock , will house primary and secondary schools , a gaelic school and a childcare centre .
the 22-year - old , who is on a season - long loan at turkish side kasimpasa from chelsea , has been told by the team doctor he needs time to recover .
she has also decided to appoint a number of civil servants to the board of the organisation .
cleveland police have also confirmed a 26-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction , following the girl 's disappearance on thursday .
fifty sheep were stolen from a farm in ammanford and the farmer spotted a flock two weeks later at a livestock market in llanybydder .
he said he wanted to act ` ` in the best interests '' of the university where he studied as an undergraduate .
the firm said that it was working to boost capacity at telephone exchanges in the worst hit areas .
should scotland be an independent country ?
moore , who is 6 ft 5ins , scored 10 goals in 21 league appearances this season for rovers and torquay , where he had a brief loan spell earlier this term .
winger young won the last of his 30 caps against ukraine in september 2013 .
it is one of a number of measures being considered by the government in its consultation on curbing corporate pay .
kat merchant and emily scarratt scored early tries for england before rawina everitt crossed for new zealand .
houses at auvers ii was hung in the picnic cafe on friday to launch the open for art weekend festival .
edmund , 21 , is leading the british team as andy murray sits out the tie on clay following his wimbledon victory .
two armed groups clashed near the mountainous community of las varas , in the state of chihuahua .
francisco palomo was shot at least 12 times by gunmen in guatemala city .
sports minister vitaly mutko claims the country has done everything asked of it to meet iaaf anti - doping standards after being suspended last november .
undefeated rigondeaux had to call off a fight with the liverpool boxer in march because of visa issues .
the 27-year - old scot , who is back at number four in the world after dropping down the rankings following back surgery , is to marry girlfriend kim sears in april .
thousands of signallers , maintenance staff and station workers are due to walk out for 24 hours from 17:00 bst on monday in a row over pay and jobs .
luiz , 27 , joined the blues from benfica for # 21.3 m in january 2011 .
the singer - songwriter appeared on two of the festival 's smaller stages - the iarena on friday night and the other voices stage on saturday .
the 10 km -lrb- 6.2-mile -rrb- stretch of elevated track has seven stations and connects alandur to koyambedu .
east sussex wildlife rescue said it had rescued 25 birds in the last 12 months at ditchling common country park .
the 54-year - old had needed to run a double marathon on sunday , finishing beneath a giant statue of nelson mandela in johannesburg .
the premiere was held in new york on sunday evening ahead of its opening this weekend .
ministers have set out plans for an ` ` ambitious new customs arrangement '' with the eu after the uk leaves .
the hosts broke the deadlock 13 minutes into the second period courtesy of a colin shields strike .
pc peter hodgkinson discharged the weapon while andrew pimlott , 32 , was holding a lit match at his parents ' home in plymouth in april 2013 .
the 16-euro -lrb- $ 17.80 ; Â # 11.60 -rrb- fee is likely to deter travellers from completing bookings on services including expedia , opodo and ebookers .
the three children were placed in foster care after the couple 's arrest by counter - terrorism officers in 2015 .
the book , which upholds the right to ridicule religion , was finished two days before charb was killed by islamic militants in january , publishers say .
ali asghar zarean told state tv that iran would sign an agreement with china to modify the reactor before doing so .
a judicial review has been launched after free taxis for pupils living 12 miles -lrb- 19 km -rrb- from ysgol brynhyfryd , denbighshire , were stopped .
a review of homes in wales said they were seen as places of ` ` irreversible decline '' where residents were unable to do things that matter to them .
the hosts had josh passley dismissed for bringing down garry thompson before wycombe went ahead when paul hayes fired home paris cowan - hall 's ball .
she plays a no - nonsense character in house of cards , and in real life robin wright is no different .
the evolutionary scientist , whose books include the god delusion , said wales was ` ` ahead of the rest of the uk '' in showing a decline in religious belief .
speaking to bbc radio 4 's today programme , he said : ` ` the only response can be : ` yes , mr president ' . ''
media playback is not supported on this device
conrad clitheroe and gary cooper , both from stockport , and expat neil munro were reportedly taking notes near fujairah airport , 80 miles from dubai , when they were arrested in february .
mukherjee 's the lives of others , a sweeping account of life in 1960s calcutta , is 5/2 favourite to win with bookmakers william hill .
ri jong chol said his detention was a ` ` plot '' to ` ` damage the honour of the republic '' , reuters news agency reports .
the yellows dominated possession but were caught on the break by lenell john - lewis who fired in spectacularly from 25 yards just before the interval .
marsh failed to score in 16 league games after joining dover from torquay for an undisclosed fee in january 2016 .
chief executive karl koehler is standing down and his replacement will not have a position on the main tata board in mumbai , unlike mr koehler .
school crossing patrol personnel numbers have dropped by about 75 since 2013 , leading to fears about safety .
unicode , the authority on computer text and characters , has already approved adding the three flags to the next release of emojis in june .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 16-time tt winner , who came off his tyco bmw at the 27th milestone , was reported to be conscious before being flown to hospital by helicopter .
investigators from the league against cruel sports said they saw no gunmen and heard no shots when they filmed the jedforest hunt in february 2016 .
it was the third day of hefty falls , sparked by news on wednesday that the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data for more than 600,000 vehicles sold in japan .
the labour leader told the new statesman his party opposed government plans to lower the overall household cap , introduced in the last parliament .
a draw was inevitable after only 86.2 overs were possible on the first four days after heavy rain in sydney .
jaz oberoi , from hanwell in west london , said he was ` ` accommodating '' with police when they found the wires to be a headphone lead , but found being questioned a second time ` ` unnecessary '' .
zipping up a thick jacket and pulling on a pair of gloves , mohammed is ready for a hard day 's graft .
darren heath , 45 , from taynton , was sentenced to three years and nine months after pleading guilty to five counts of misconduct in public office .
officials earlier identified the remains as belonging to a female passenger called hayati lutfiah hamid .
tall and like football ?
brentford goalkeeper daniel bentley saved aluko 's initial shot but the winger followed up from close range to give fulham a deserved half - time lead .
media playback is not supported on this device
vincent hudson has been charged with the historical offence on a boy under the age of 16 , cumbria police said .
the 57-year - old took over at elland road in april and is currently with the players on their pre - season tour of his native italy .
the uk and scottish governments and dundee city council have agreed a public service obligation -lrb- pso -rrb- contract worth almost Â # 3.7 m.
a statement says to meet the criteria for the revamped 2014 super league they had to establish a partnership with a men 's club or similar institution .
a jcb spokesperson confirmed that the company had ended its membership of the cbi , but did not give reasons why .
nottinghamshire police said it would expand its categories to include misogynistic incidents .
chiefs , third in the premiership , had only four players included in squads for this year 's six nations .
the all - rounder has been included in the t20 squad to face sri lanka on 5 july at the ageas bowl , having been part of the world t20 squad in march .
the report , carried out by charity relate and based on a survey of 20,980 people in relationships from 2013 - 15 , suggested 2.87 million people were in ` ` distressed '' relationships .
it launched a scheme for 500 uk teenagers amid looming staff shortages , with the guardian reporting the young people would only get free food .
cpl kylo gorman 's medals for service in afghanistan and at the queen 's diamond jubilee were taken from his car in bolton - le - sands on 4 or 5 january .
staffordshire bull terrier ziggy was found in remote woodland near wansford in peterborough on wednesday morning .
media playback is not supported on this device
cheryl cope , 51 , from haringey had suffered flu - like symptoms for 10 days before she was admitted to the whittington hospital .
finally , after all the hype and excitement , consumers are about to get their hands on virtual reality headsets - and we will find out whether there really is a market for this technology .
under the proposals , 120,000 additional asylum seekers will be distributed among eu nations , with binding quotas .
new research suggests that biodiversity around the globe will be significantly impacted if temperatures rise more than 2c .
uefa has taken the disciplinary action following some of the italian club 's fans ' continued racist behaviour .
the spaniard , 27 , spent three years at barca and joins the blues after arsenal turned down a first option to buy him .
media playback is not supported on this device
more than 300 people entered alternative model of the year with the winner being decided by judges in newcastle on saturday .
but they have no need to do that now .
in october , 321 patients were delayed for more than four weeks after they were ready to go home .
the lowest is knowsley which could fall to zero as the last school teaching a - levels is closing its sixth form .
kadiza sultana , who joined so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- last year aged 16 , is feared dead after an air strike in raqqa , her family solicitor has said .
russia was suspended by governing body the iaaf for state - sponsored doping in november 2015 , a ban extended on monday to cover the 2017 world championships .
the message ` ` united against extremism '' will be carried on posters on 50 buses .
sweeney , 20 , made 16 appearances for rovers during a loan spell last season , while telford , also 20 , moved to stoke from blackpool in july 2015 .
the norwich city skipper - along with his team - mates - has remained in malta for a training camp following sunday 's disappointing 1 - 0 loss to italy .
we ' ve seen a great deal of attention given over the weekend to a poll from yougov printed in the sunday times , which put the ` ` yes '' campaign ahead by 51 % to 49 % , excluding the do n't knows .
former champion murray has never played broady , the world number 234 who has received a wildcard to the tournament .
rangers say the defender slipped over during the squad get - together the day after saturday 's 2 - 0 win over burnley .
the hamburg commissioner for data protection and freedom of information said that the social network had not obtained effective approval from whatsapp 's 35 million german users .
the pair have signed two - year deals with carlton fairweather 's wsl 1 side .
arek jozwik , 39 , was attacked in harlow , essex , last month .
it was scrapped this week at the eleventh hour when the government removed it from parliament moments before it was due to be voted into law .
the australian was poised to take the lead from eventual winner lewis hamilton 's mercedes only for a slow pit stop because his tyres were not ready to delay him .
hamilton survived a scare at the start , when he ran wide at the first corner after locking a front tyre .
mr gove , the uk environment secretary , said british fishermen would not have the capacity to land all of the fish in british territorial waters .
sightings of creepy clowns have sparked minor hysteria across the us since august .
giaccherini , 31 , joined the black cats in 2013 from juventus for # 6.5 m but , after an impressive first season , he struggled to make an impact .
in the capital nairobi and other cities , many shops remain open .
a new survey shows an overall increase of 11 % in dog mess on uk beaches - it 's gone up 71 % in scotland .
a proposed amendment to the finance bill by the snp and plaid cymru , which would have prevented the increase , was defeated by a majority of 295 .
former baseball player mike piazza and businessman giuseppe corrado have both ended their interest in the bankrupt club , and no other offers were made before monday 's deadline .
my move has set me thinking about the future of business news .
the 31-year - old has joined the spitfires on a deal until the end of the season .
demand for its drinks in europe weakened , and a strong dollar ate into revenue from other markets outside the us , including latin america .
the caps ended a seven - game winless run with a 3 - 2 home victory over dundee stars on saturday before going down 6 - 0 on tayside in sunday 's rematch .
the female has taken up residence at the loch of the lowes centre near dunkeld , which was home to lady , thought to be the world 's oldest breeding raptor , for 24 years .
a pre - inquest hearing into the deaths of 21 people in attacks at two pubs in 1974 opened on monday .
the raids destroyed nine militant positions in the tirah valley in khyber district , the military said .
but he says the only way to attract viewers to his vlogs is by being ` ` incredibly , painfully honest '' .
the us - born radical yemeni cleric anwar al - awlaki is head of al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula .
media playback is unsupported on your device
mcdonnell , 30 , will face rosas on the undercard of anthony joshua 's ibf world heavyweight title bout with charles martin at the o2 in london .
her decision was linked to a french inquiry into claims that her centrist modem party wrongly used eu funds to pay party workers .
5 january 2016 last updated at 10:38 gmt
media playback is not supported on this device
it is hearing loss - a condition that can still have profound consequences , experts say .
falcons lie eighth , having won six of their 14 matches , after finishing 11th for the previous three campaigns .
the raiders targeted the central england co - operative property on chesterfield road in duckmanton at about 04:00 bst .
megan lee , from oswaldtwistle , lancashire , died on 1 january , two days after she was admitted to hospital .
the woman , in her 30s , and the child were abducted two men in redcar , teesside , at lunchtime on friday .
the claim : anyone can win # 50 million by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the euro 2016 football championships .
robinson was confronted as the teams left the pitch , and had to be restrained .
libor - or london inter - bank offered rate - is used by banks to set the cost of lending money to each other .
13 september 2016 last updated at 09:29 bst
media playback is not supported on this device
sofia legg 's family was told there was a six - month waiting list for therapy despite an urgent gp referral for help .
finance ministers have endorsed the move , which is to be completed by the end of the summer .
26 july 2016 last updated at 17:48 bst
nigel williams , of caerwent , was walking on the a48 near the northgate house bed and breakfast in caerwent when he was hit on saturday at about 03:30 gmt .
media playback is not supported on this device
hatfield colliery closed in june with the loss of 430 jobs after almost a century of production .
mining , energy , and financial stocks were among the big gainers , with healthcare and telecoms among the main losers .
it needs to raise # 100,000 to save the 1733 portrait of gambian ayuba suleiman diallo , by artist william hoare .
the scream -lrb- 1892 -rrb- , by edvard munch , depicts a figure holding its face , which is making an agonised expression .
lanarkshire - based ag barr reported pre - tax profits up 4 % to # 43 m in the year to 31 january , on flat sales at # 257 m .
both were on the vessel , tara , when it ran into trouble between bokpunt and gansekraal , at about 04:30 on monday .
a university researcher sent 1,500 identical cvs to german firms - except that some bore the name meryem ozturk and others the name sandra bauer .
the pair have never met at flushing meadows but could face each other in the semi - finals this year .
the victim was fatally injured outside a property on daniel hill terrace , upperthorpe , close to the city centre .
the sport has been beset by internal squabbles in recent years which included the departure of national coach billy walsh .
the legend of emperor yu states that he tamed the flooded yellow river by dredging and redirecting its channels , thereby laying the foundations for the xia dynasty and chinese civilisation .
writing in her autobiography , she claimed the director ` ` threw himself '' on top of her in the back of his limousine and tried to kiss her .
the 29-year - old forward has signed what the red devils describe as a ` ` long - term contract '' at the aj bell stadium .
artist spencer tunick photographed 3,200 people at locations around hull on 9 july for the sea of hull project .
pc gillian weatherley was dismissed for ` ` gross misconduct '' , scotland yard said .
police say the arena clan made money by providing services at isola di capo rizzuto in italy 's far south and siphoning off state funds .
of the 32,000 officers who responded , 94 % said they believed morale in the service was low or very low .
over the next week , every bbc local radio station in england and the channel islands is accepting nominations for a local artist -lrb- or venue -rrb- that changed the course of musical history .
theresa may used a speech in washington to urge the uk 's partners in the five eyes security alliance - the us , canada , australia and new zealand - to work together against terrorism .
military officials said 50 m naira -lrb- $ 317,000 ; Â # 197,709 -rrb- was offered for help in tracking down the group 's suspected leader abubakar shekau .
latham smashed colin ackermann for six to reach his hundred but was caught behind off neil dexter for 124 .
13 july 2016 last updated at 14:42 bst
greek officials had been expected to meet representatives of eu creditors in the greek capital athens on friday .
the weather phenomenon is set to exacerbate droughts in some areas , while increasing flooding in others .
ms tiffney was last seen leaving her home in edinburgh 's dean village in may 2002 .
the mexican , 25 , beat khan with a thunderous right hand in round six to retain his wbc middleweight title .
police said the victim was set upon by up to eight men in the heights area at about 02:00 bst on sunday .
a biomass electricity generation plant , to be approved by the council , would use straw pellets as a raw material .
in 2012 , we ' ve swung from droughts to floods , hot to cold .
footage secretly filmed by france 2 tv shows francoise olcay selling dinghies and life jackets to migrants hoping to reach the greek islands .
the blaze started at the icl uk boulby mine at 00:30 bst on 13 april , 1,100 m -lrb- 3,600 ft -rrb- under the sea bed and five miles -lrb- 8 km -rrb- from land .
red bull motorsport boss helmut marko told germany 's bild newspaper : ` ` the idea of mercedes is finished .
christopher tate , who also runs donington park circuit , said most of the british industry was in ` ` motorsport valley '' , in central england counties .
the deaths plunged the community in the town of arnstein into mourning .
media playback is not supported on this device
iain duncan smith , leave campaigner and another ex - conservative leader , said : ` ` you ca n't claim democracy when you want it and reject it when you do n't . ''
one year on , the first handball matches since the olympic games have taken place inside the venue - reborn as a sports centre for the community - and on its hallowed london 2012 floor tiles .
the 1949 delahaye roadster , which some have dubbed the most beautiful car in the world , was given to dors when she was 17 .
some 2,600 people attended the service in central paris , including president francois hollande , survivors of the attacks and victims ' families .
the spaniard , whose opening round in munich contained six birdies , trails leader wade ormsby of australia by two shots and belgian thomas detry by one .
but what really strikes you , especially in those initial developmental stages , is how familiar the forms look .
us markets had finished higher on expectations that job figures for february , due out later on friday , will show a strong pace of growth .
here are some of your pictures from the 26 beaches ranked as scotland 's ` ` most excellent '' for water quality .
the crossing in rochdale , greater manchester , was concreted over in 1904 when the tram network expanded .
3 february 2016 last updated at 08:07 gmt
pools , who were relegated from the english football league last season , lost their opening game at home to dover on saturday but started well at moss rose , with cassidy and jack munns both firing inches wide .
uber ceo travis kalanick made the admission while speaking at a private event in vancouver , according to canadian tech news site betakit .
the decision to dedicate part of the radio spectrum to a global flight tracking system was taken at a un conference in geneva on wednesday .
below are some of the main points from greece 's list of reforms - contained in a letter from the greek government to its european partners - alongside analysis and comment from bbc economics correspondent andrew walker .
an effort to raise cash for a role - playing video game was exposed as a fraud by users of reddit , something awful and other sites .
the listed properties on london road were last used by the witan international college 10 years ago .
southampton , portsmouth and isle of wight councils applied to the government in october to create an authority to boost economic growth .
phenytoin sodium capsules , used by 50,000 people in britain , are made by pfizer and sold by flynn .
parts of the mariana trench in the pacific ocean are up to 11 kilometres deep , so we know little about what sea life there is .
alice 's family had asked for the scope of the inquest to include why arnis zalkalns was allowed to live unchecked in the uk .
helen garner initially dismissed the message from yale university as a hoax .
the 29-year - old made 37 appearances for the sky blues last season as they were relegated from league one .
what did the court say ?
the search was launched after the coastguard received reports from an individual claiming to be in difficulty off the coast of county down .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group captured qaraqosh overnight after the withdrawal of kurdish forces .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 24-year - old , who played 16 games on loan at kilmarnock last season , will compete with james tavernier .
they said this will amount to double the number of apprentices created each year - currently about 28,000 .
announcing the ` ` digital - only '' move , esi media said ` ` some redundancies among editorial employees '' would be made .
the 73-year - old oscar winner will be presented with the award on 9 june .
pc ed barker , of greater manchester police -lrb- gmp -rrb- , stopped the man falling 40 ft -lrb- 12 m -rrb- from rochdale town hall .
morgan geyser and anissa weier are charged with attempted first - degree intentional murder over the attack .
maguire , 35 , lost 10 - 7 to fellow scot alan mcmanus , his fourth consecutive first - round defeat in sheffield .
abdou , who joined millwall from plymouth in 2008 , signed a new one - year deal to stay with lions until the end of next season on thursday .
van gaal , 65 , has been out of work since being sacked by united hours after winning the fa cup in may 2016 .
anna swabey , 25 , from newton aycliffe , county durham , was initially given three months to live in 2015 when she met andy bell , 26 , on a dating app .
the antiques , valued at between Â # 2,000 and Â # 3,000 , were taken from osterley park house in twickenham , south - west london , on 16 july .
media playback is not supported on this device
brantano employs about 2,000 staff in 140 stores and 60 concessions across the uk .
media playback is not supported on this device
dear president tusk
the suffragette oak in kelvingrove park won a public vote from six trees shortlisted in the woodland trust scotland competition .
it proposes the line between edinburgh and tweedbank should be improved and extended via hawick to carlisle .
so what happens next ?
the details were revealed after a five - year - old nottinghamshire boy recently returned to the classroom as a girl .
the pair are expected to be charged with financing terrorism , which carries a maximum penalty of 25 years ' jail .
mansfield district council stopped people riding around the market place to combat ` ` anti - social '' cycling .
the 82-year - old , who has had health problems in recent years , reportedly does not wish to remain emperor if he has to reduce his official duties .
thai officials said the event , which was halted minutes before it was due to start , could have affected relations between the two countries .
the school has stopped the game , also known as ` ` tag '' or ` ` you 're it '' , to allow the children ` ` some time to settle down a bit '' , according to the headmaster .
the 27-year - old pleaded not guilty at durham crown court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming .
for this has been the worst year on this , or indeed any other , commissioner 's watch .
the fiji international missed ospreys ' 33 - 27 champions cup loss in bordeaux .
doctors say it is too early to predict whether he will play football again .
in a no - holds - barred email to the board seen by the bbc , cyrus mistry says he had become a ` ` lame duck '' chairman and alleges constant interference , including being asked to sign off on deals he knew little about .
the boy , julian hernandez , disappeared when he was five and is now 18 , living with his father in cleveland .
the military said the driver was taken into custody after the incident near the jewish settlement of ofra .
they will consider plans by third energy to frack a well at a site near the village of kirby misperton in the district of ryedale .
while that might be true of clouds in the real world , those in cyberspace are turning out to be very different entities indeed , especially when it comes to security .
works on show at the royal pavilion include a painting of liger cubs given to king george iv , which will be on public display for the first time .
media playback is not supported on this device
the dow jones rose 78 points , or 0.44 % , to 17,918.62 .
frimley health nhs foundation trust has 285 full - time vacancies across three sites , which cover surrey and berkshire .
if it does it wo n't be without a fight .
aided by dancers , confetti cannons and a man in a mirrored suit , the canadian band revived revellers ' spirits with a series of arms - aloft anthems .
visitors are being offered hot drinks , pastries , calligraphy demonstrations and discussion during the ` ` open - house '' weekend .
matthew gillard , of connsbrook avenue in east belfast , pleaded not guilty to charges including kidnapping and false imprisonment .
of 72 nhs hospital trusts who responded to a freedom of information request , the average rate for babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome was 0.2 % .
sannah javid , 26 , of frank slater house , green lane , ilford , was taken to king george hospital on tuesday after officers were called to her flat .
this weekend 's match is the centenary of the first meeting between the two sides , and with leicester arriving as champions there is no doubt which club is in the ascendancy at the moment .
ineos wants to conduct seismic surveys at clumber park in nottinghamshire to see if there is potential for fracking .
he had ` ` failed the test '' of leadership and south africa needed to hold to account those who were ` ` looting '' state resources , it said .
but ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw says the process to close such schools is ` ` inadequate '' .
parcels containing cannabis and so - called legal highs were removed at hmp altcourse in liverpool .
the singer 's shared the video for living for love , the album 's first single , on the new snap channel alongside a behind - the - scenes clip from the video shoot .
the westgate development in the city centre will eventually have more than 100 shops , 25 restaurants and cafes , a cinema and 61 flats .
a spokesperson said it had taken the move because the post violates facebook 's community standards .
after a nervous start , the gulls grew into the game and started to apply pressure , which nearly paid off in the 14th minute when a powerful shot from brett williams struck a post .
he wanted a tribunal to approve a move to a scottish prison , but ashworth hospital said he had chronic mental illness and needed continued care at the merseyside top - security facility .
on monday the austin resident used a golf buggy to pick some of them up .
the woman was picked up from candlemaker row , edinburgh , near the greyfriars bobby 's statue , at 03:30 am .
africa will go through six human actions this year - it will stand , kneel , squat , bow , fall and then rise again .
the u 's led at half - time through piero mingoia but the game was transformed by goals from shrimps pair jack dunn and paul mullin in the space of three minutes after the hour .
ahead of a westminster debate on the abuse faced by mps , labour claimed the tories had run a ` ` negative , nasty campaign '' targeting shadow home secretary diane abbott in particular .
the 25-year - old , who left arsenal to join the bundesliga team in december 2010 , has signed a five - year deal with the hammers .
volunteers at st helier lifeboat station in jersey have walked out amid claims andy hibbs was ` ` bullied '' by senior management at the rnli .
sports direct also reported a big drop in half - year profits , which it blamed partly on the fall in the pound .
previously , agents with the fbi and other federal agencies were forbidden from recording interrogations without special dispensation .
glan clwyd hospital in bodelwyddan had a two - star ` ` improvement is necessary '' rating in may in a report warning of major non - compliance with regulations .
the politician charged with overseeing these issues in the lower house of brazil 's congress stands accused of racism and homophobia .
the sign reads ` ` jobs '' .
they comprise new gravitational lensing experiments that have mapped dark matter on a range of scales .
miss beckford , who came to the uk from jamaica aged 17 , was also a prominent race equality campaigner .
accident and emergency waiting times for patients have lagged behind other parts of the uk .
the charity says people commonly associate remembrance and the poppy with older , world war two veterans .
steven tolley , 48 , from tiverton was one of three men injured while working on the northbound carriageway of the a361 at gornhay cross , tiverton .
both broughty ferry lifeboats were called out shortly before midday , with a coastguard helicopter later joining the search .
the 33-year - old american , who has served two doping bans , recorded a time of 19.57 seconds in oregon .
in a leaked memorandum , jeremy browne said french authorities were seeking ` ` disruption '' .
the plans , ` ` project thor '' were put forward by the company two years ago in an attempt to build up the scheme .
with 18 minutes remaining at pittodrie and with the score at 1 - 1 , the winger was given a straight red card for a challenge on defender mikael lustig .
the girl , aged 15 at the time , had met a man called david ayrton in a portsmouth garage in the autumn of 2004 .
the forward , who turns 37 next week , has played over 500 games since joining his hometown club as a teenager .
jamie chapman , 28 , of tamar drive , smith 's wood , solihull , is facing 15 charges and was remanded in custody at birmingham magistrates ' court .
the 36-year - old former watford and west bromwich albion defender was without a club when he joined blues on a one - month trial deal in september 2012 .
william dunlop , of billingham , teesside , was jailed in 2006 over the 1989 killing of julie hogg .
at second glance , you think : ` ` it 's a statue . ''
whatsapp and similar applications make it possible for news organisations to reach the far - flung corners of the globe where other media are often blocked .
on monday , the supreme court declared all the actions of the assembly null and void until they stood down .
patel , 36 , took 102 wickets in all formats for the bears in 2016 , which included 69 in the county championship .
in a leaked letter , mr skates said he was informed this was because of the current level of investment .
the 45-year - old led the cumbrian side to seventh in the national league this season , seven points off the play - offs .
an uplifting six nations featuring wins over italy and france ended with a 35 - 25 defeat by ireland on saturday .
the 20-year - old spent 18 months with the scottish champions but is also wanted by nice and at least two english premier league clubs .
the 35-year - old ex - england batsman , who made his highest twenty20 score with 115 not out from 66 balls on wednesday , hit seven sixes in 100 from 45 balls .
although the ey item club think tank predicts the economy will grow 1.9 % this year , it expects that performance to fizzle out as inflation rises .
other shopping centres have increased the number of their security officers - and frisking people before they enter buildings , public transport vehicles and even churches is now common .
media playback is not supported on this device
alexander young crashed his iveco daily van into andrew nisbet 's parked car on 25 november 2015 .
now the 29-year - old has become one of the youngest people in northern ireland to hold a ministerial portfolio .
culture secretary john whittingdale said the playwright was ` ` one of our greatest literary exports '' .
they urged palestinians to re - enter the compound on thursday for the first time since the crisis erupted two weeks ago .
trago mills , which runs three stores in cornwall and devon , was granted planning permission in 1999 but work was stalled by several issues including access and land reclamation .
the ex - deputy prime minister , who is campaigning for remain , said he feared mr johnson 's ` ` judgement is going '' .
as the lawsuits represent around 25 million us uber customers , this amounts to an individual payout of just over a dollar each .
the 26-year - old ivory coast international began his european club career with standard liege in 2009 .
many more found their lives were transformed forever by the natural disaster .
mccourt , who previously owned the los angeles dodgers , told l'equipe he planned to invest 200 m euros -lrb- # 180 m -rrb- in the club over the next four years .
seventy staff at ferguson shipbuilder , port glasgow , were laid off last august when it went into administration .
tomer hemed supplied two goals and scored a third as chris hughton 's side bounced back from defeat at cardiff .
nicole ferguson , 27 , from fergleen park in derry , pleaded guilty to stealing the money from the ferryquay street branch of cancer research uk .
the 28-year - old croatia international will sign the deal , which has a # 109 m -lrb- 125 m euros -rrb- buyout clause , on friday .
the shadow chancellor john mcdonnell says he 's angry the conservatives have n't given out full costings for their manifesto .
the footage shows gunmen beating and shooting a group of prisoners who were cowering on the floor .
the 19-year - old was taken off in the 15th minute at vitality stadium after appearing to pick up the foot injury .
his rival yvette cooper has called the war ` ` wrong '' while andy burnham has referred to it as ` ` an incredibly difficult period '' but said respect should be given to those who made difficult decisions .
-lsb- the renewable heat incentive scandal -rsb- may have been the excuse but it certainly was n't the cause of the election .
research suggest animals that build their nests in early spring may win the fight for available habitat at the expense of late breeders .
the blues have signed four players for a combined # 129 m , but have seen a greater number leave , including john terry and nemanja matic .
the bishop of cork , dr paul colton , is thought to be the first church of ireland bishop to make such a statement .
the 31-year - old has been without a club since leaving english premier league club tottenham hotspur , where he spent nine years .
the bbc , in collaboration with tech company this place , has developed a way people can select programmes using a cheap , brainwave - reading headset .
seam bowler chapple , 40 , has played for the red rose county for more than two decades and led the side throughout moores 's five - year reign .
they believe ministers are placing too much emphasis on the environment at the expense of trees grown for timber .
inger shah , a 38-year - old single parent , stood at the front of the terrace and was one of 96 fans fatally injured at the 1989 fa cup semi - final .
combined takings from streaming , downloads , physical sales and licensing for use in films , tv and computer games rose 5.1 % to # 926 m .
he spent last season in charge of the under-20 development squad , but will not return for the start of pre - season training .
frank macdonald , 44 , from the brechin area , was between the b976 south deeside road at strachan and the b974 cairn o'mount road at about 14:00 on saturday when the crash happened .
classed as ` ` external communications '' , such activity can be covered by a broad warrant and intercepted without extra clearance , spy boss charles farr said .
denise fergus said she had been ` ` let down so many times by the system '' but that she would continue to ` ` fight '' .
the school 's headmaster said the ` ` growing expense and luxury '' forced on parents was also a major concern .
defeat sees burton slip to 21st , two points clear of the drop zone , as they lost for the third time in five games .
members of the university and college union -lrb- ucu -rrb- are taking part in a two - day national strike which is happening at universities across the uk .
generations of james bond fans have cheered 007 as he shoots and sleeps his way through a world of sinister villains and exotic women .
marie logie 's body was found in her first - floor flat in green gates , leven , at 20:00 on tuesday .
shots were fired from a car near st brendan 's primary school and the victim was hit a number of times .
adrian fatchett , 52 , was injured at a house in highfield avenue , athersley south , said south yorkshire police .
the migratory bird of prey has returned to rspb scotland 's loch garten reserve , near grantown on spey , for its 14th season .
ayoze perez , chancel mbemba and dwight gayle scored in a comfortable victory , but it was jack grealish 's 89th - minute goal which sealed the magpies ' title .
dr helen nicoll , 53 , was found dead at home in frog end , great wilbraham , cambridgeshire , on friday .
webb joins full - back leigh halfpenny in missing the tournament after being injured in saturday 's final warm - up game with italy in cardiff .
in the alleged fraud , the volunteers rang the emergency 115 number themselves or got friends or relatives to do it .
the party has been carrying out ` ` one final round '' of vetting to determine who is eligible to stand in the race .
the drama , which focuses of the lives of the aristocratic crawley family and their servants , will go into production next year .
owens , rhys hanbury and paddy flynn all crossed before half - time as the hosts opened up a 16-point lead .
new japanese prime minister shinzo abe sent envoy fukushiro nukaga to deliver a letter to south korean president - elect park geun - hye .
a report to a un ocean conference in new york points out that more than 60 % of the ocean has no rules because it 's outside national jurisdiction .
former newmarket town player shaun whiter lost both his legs when he was hit helping his friend joey abbs to change a tyre near the suffolk town .
the man , in his 30s , was found just after 05:00 on wednesday lying on the ground between talisman rise and templar rise in dedridge , livingston .
the gills had agreed to sign defender n'gala , 27 , after he left eastleigh .
it happened at about 12:30 bst .
overnight visitors from the republic of ireland declined by 7 % in 2013 .
myrtle cothill , from south africa , has been cared for by her daughter in dorset since coming to the uk in 2014 .
the frenchman will over see back - to - back qualifiers against cape verde , the top - ranked african team .
in dollar terms , imports dropped 20.4 % from a year earlier to $ 145.2 bn , a steeper fall than had been expected .
media playback is not supported on this device
gatland says he will step down after the 2019 rugby world cup .
the event represents the final opportunity for gb to attain a maximum of two berths -lrb- one male and one female -rrb- for august 's rio olympics .
sixth seed wozniacki , the champion in 2010 , saw off unseeded american stephens 6 - 2 6 - 3 in the first semi - final in toronto .
the rare mineral , only found beneath treak cliff hill , near castleton in the peak district , is so called because of its distinctive colour .
samuel tweed , 74 , from mark street in newtownards , county down , had also admitted possession of a haul of guns along with 2,500 rounds of ammunition .
mothers - to - be are more likely to get malaria as their immunity is lowered , says the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists -lrb- rcog -rrb- .
10 february 2017 last updated at 09:27 gmt
welshman davies won his second gold in italy with an f42 discus world record after his shot success on sunday .
the national league club 's ground is undergoing refurbishments this summer .
left unity said labour should be ` ` thrilled '' so many people want to join rather than focusing on ` ` people who it thinks are too left wing '' .
` ` i was very nervous and my words just came out wrong , '' he wrote on facebook .
trevor o'neill was shot outside a supermarket in majorca just after 21:00 local time on wednesday , irish national broadcaster rtÃ ‰ reports .
the national trust is at rhossili on saturday , searching for remnants of a village which was engulfed by sand .
the welsh government said jobs growth wales had not been scrapped and placements would continue .
leah kerry was found unconscious at about 04:50 bst on saturday at bakers park in newton abbot , devon .
dieumerci mbokani is doubtful due to illness , but abel hernandez could return after a hamstring injury .
alan mcquillan told the bbc the current attitude to drugs was ` ` creating a cash cow for organised crime , especially in relation to cannabis '' .
rejected by the country they call home and unwanted by its neighbours , the rohingya are impoverished , virtually stateless and have been fleeing myanmar in droves and for decades .
the 23-year - old from westmeath beat gadzhimagomedov on a unanimous 5 - 0 points decision in the ukraine decider .
the non - league club 's ground at meadow park was completely submerged by the 2007 floods and they have been unable to play there since .
the un has said media restrictions and violence meant the environment was not conducive to free , credible elections .
the unemployment rate last month was 4.3 % , falling a 10th of a percentage point to its lowest level since 2001 , the us labor department said on friday .
warriors called off the game , without consulting widnes , as the pitch had deteriorated following storm doris and needed time to recover so that wigan athletic could play football on it .
the 58-year - old , who has slipped to 100 in the world rankings , failed to make a half - century break at ponds forge .
the house of lords heard the government had not yet taken a decision as to whether an inquiry will be held .
however , it said the girls abducted from a school in chibok in april 2014 were not among them .
the republican nominee denied ever sexually assaulting women , but turned his fire on ex - president bill clinton in a bitter us presidential debate .
he carded a six - under - par round of 64 to finish 21 under , one shot ahead of american ollie schniederjans .
stuart coffey , 44 , transferred cash from bracebridge heath medical practice into his own account between 2008 and 2013 .
downing street backed a report by think tank policy exchange which said selling high value homes when they become vacant would raise # 4.5 bn a year .
jon rahm 's status as one of europe 's most exciting prospects was confirmed by a fine victory on the pga tour at torrey pines last sunday .
the international football association board -lrb- ifab -rrb- , the body which oversees the rules of the game , passed the law at a meeting in zurich .
but thanks to the controversy around gifts to david cameron from his mother , iht is now under the political spotlight .
adam lallana replaced the brazilian in that game on his return from a month 's lay - off and could be in line to start .
holders glasgow city joined hibs in the fourth round with a 3 - 1 success over rangers ladies .
toulon 's halfpenny , 26 , ruptured anterior cruciate knee ligaments during wales ' 23 - 19 win over italy at the millennium stadium on saturday .
a club statement on thursday said they had ` ` mutually agreed to his resignation in the interests of both parties '' .
the american band had been set to perform in bellahouston park on tuesday .
mosimane said they could only blame themselves for not capitalising on a quick start in atteridgeville , just outside pretoria , where they were 2 - 0 up after just six minutes as their ugandan visitors seemed to suffer from stage fright .
more than 5,300 bottles of alcohol were seized by the investigators in the southern city of liuzhou .
with lawyers once again due to argue over the proposals at the court of session this week , here 's a look at the background to the minimum pricing plans - and where they might be going next .
the 28-year - old erskine has agreed a pre - contract to sign for thistle on a three - year deal in june .
petty officer aimee mejia , 21 , was involved in a three - car accident on the island on saturday , injuring two people , said police .
the toffees , back in the tournament for the first time since 2010 , controlled much of the game as a ricardo rodriguez own goal and a seamus coleman header gave them a 2 - 0 half - time lead .
mr tucker will take over on 1 october , succeeding douglas flint who has been in the role since 2010 .
radioactive cooling water was also mistakenly discharged into a submarine reactor compartment , the office for nuclear regulation -lrb- onr -rrb- reported .
2 january 2017 last updated at 07:05 gmt
scott flynn flagged down a police car and told officers ` ` i want the jail '' after stealing a bottle of juice and smashing a window .
follow us on facebook , on twitter @bbcnewsents , or on instagram at bbcnewsents .
the 27-year - old woman was attacked at about 20:00 on 20 february while walking along a path between byres road and glenmalloch place in elderslie .
the controversial bonfire is in a public car park at ravenscroft avenue , off the newtownards road .
students were asked to trace arabic calligraphy in an exercise some parents said amounted to indoctrination .
the 23-year - old made 116 as tim groenewald and lewis gregory rattled through the rest of the hosts line - up .
conservative - run bath and north east somerset council is holding a presentation of initial concept pictures of the redevelopment .
many people say that is just supply and demand .
at least one bomber blew himself up outside the mausoleum of sayid mohammed bin ali al - hadi , which was then stormed by gunmen , reports say .
the company also says its franchisees were helped by a ` ` record low cheese price , favourable wheat price and a fall in fuel costs '' .
seventeen - year - old sylvia fleming was pregnant when she was murdered in omagh in 1998 by stephen scott .
a spokesman for australian immigration minister peter dutton confirmed the husband and wife had left cambodia .
proposals to cut the cultural programme and libraries , as well as increasing parking charges , were ruled out .
the 27-year - old , who has two senior international caps for sweden , is unattached after leaving the premier league club in july .
the 27-year - old has made 73 appearances for blues since joining in 2013 but spent the past 18 months out on loan .
the council 's licensing and gambling committee blocked a plan to introduce an annual charge for any establishment staying open after midnight .
coverage will be on bbc iplayer and the bbc sport website and app .
theresa may said eu leaders ' remarks showed it was ` ` absolutely right '' for the uk not to have acted unilaterally .
the blue singer , who is in the final of the bbc one competition , said it began after a short tour of kazakhstan ended in july .
he told the united nations general assembly that world leaders , notably germany and canada , have vowed to double the number from last year .
reports of a ` ` mass murder '' investigation in france and pictures of german policemen carting bags of evidence from his parents ' home suggest that officials are determined to find out .
mr abe described the 90-minute meeting in trump tower , new york , as ` ` candid '' , with a ` ` warm atmosphere '' .
a bhuvneshwar kumar throw hit reiffel on the back of the head on day one and he was replaced by marais erasmus .
researchers funded by the charity found that by looking at a specific group of genes they were able to reliably detect underlying problems .
a care inspectorate report has found that some staff at kingsmead in kingswells were not treating people with ` ` dignity and respect '' .
an employee of the credit card company nets was also convicted .
twenty hostages , most of them foreign , were killed when islamist militants stormed a cafe in the capital , dhaka .
markit 's latest purchasing managers ' index fell to 53.6 , from 54 in may , the lowest reading since october 2013 .
the victim , who used crutches , was struck in lawley middleway between ashted circus and curzon circle at about 02:30 bst on sunday , police said .
unions had won backing for strike action after the firm proposed closing the final salary scheme , which tata claimed was facing a Â # 2bn deficit .
police and other emergency services had responded to reports of a man in difficulty at about 13:45 on saturday .
it is the first time a country has considered the dna - altering technique in embryos and approved it .
the lawsuit cites the us constitution 's emoluments clause , which says no federal official should receive a gift or a fee from a foreign government .
mourinho , 52 , is halfway through a four - year deal signed on his return to stamford bridge in june 2013 .
matt denton , from hampshire , estimates his ` ` very expensive toy '' has cost him hundreds of thousands of pounds .
corporal william savage , 30 , from penicuik , fusilier samuel flint , 21 , and private robert hetherington , 25 , both from edinburgh , died in the blast .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the value of the deal has not been not disclosed .
michael forney , jonathan boxill , james desmarais , matt nickerson , david rutherford , mark garside and brandon benedict are staying at the sse arena .
hemmings ' match - winning brace against partick thistle took his goals tally to 25 in all competitions this season .
christina grant 's family , who live in new south wales , flew her to australia following the death of her son and carer , robert , in february 2015 .
jason van dyke was heckled as he arrived at court where he denied six counts of first - degree murder .
neville is still waiting for a first league win since taking charge of valencia in december .
an 18-year - old woman was driving a toyota yaris when it was in a crash with a ford transit van on the a595 near bootle at 19:55 bst on friday .
in recent months , state media have been stressing the waters have been china 's ` ` since ancient times '' .
according to the hollywood reporter , the film will not be a biopic but an action adventure set in the 1970s .
the eu 's brexit guidelines state that irish border issues should be tackled before talks on a trade deal can begin .
college baseball player christopher lane , 22 , was shot in the back in the town of duncan on friday .
laura matthews , 29 , was told her signature - ` ` l. skywalker '' - infringed a trademark in july this year .
first minister nicola sturgeon announced last week that the government - led task force would ` ` fight for a future for our steel industry '' .
in december 2015 , he said mr trump was ` ` out of his mind '' for suggesting a ban on muslims entering the us .
bbc sport will increase its tv coverage of all 12 international events , which will also be covered on the bbc sport website and bbc radio 5 live .
he passed away peacefully in hospital on tuesday after a short illness .
it relates to vodafone 's 2007 takeover of hong kong - based hutchison whampoa 's indian mobile unit for $ 11bn -lrb- Â # 6.5 bn -rrb- .
friend , who cut his face , was treated in the tunnel before being taken to hospital , where he stayed overnight .
the identity of the bodies is not clear , but one of the bodies is suspected to be that of a woman who was reported missing a week ago .
the surprise move , announced on tuesday evening , is part of a crackdown on corruption and illegal cash holdings .
if you have a picture you would like to share , please see below the images for details on how to submit yours .
many of them made headlines - from banning all muslims entering the us , to building a wall along the border with mexico .
cunningham , 40 , left his role with saints in april and will work alongside head coach neil jukes at leigh .
a red ford fiesta travelling north at drumjohn , near carsphairn , was in collision with a white asda delivery van heading south at about 10:40 on friday .
wales international rhys priestland 's early penalty , followed by conversions of tries for both leroy houston and ollie devoto gave bath a 17 - 0 lead .
the governing body took the decision to switch the club 's membership to ok bulls ltd after khan 's group bought the club from the administrators in august .
the medal - won as a teenager at his first world cup - was estimated to be worth between # 70,000 and # 140,000 .
yorkshire sculpture park said 100,000 people visited in september when the poppies were installed , compared with about 37,000 last year .
the former manchester united captain wants to build the futuristic four - bedroom property on greenbelt moorland between bolton and bury .
the four drove a vehicle into the compound in karakax county , and set off explosives that killed one person and injured three others , they said .
american hoffman , 40 , carded a three - over 75 to drop to four under overall , before spain 's garcia , 37 , shot a 69 .
the english rider crashed at this year 's tt and the fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems .
mr hammond dismissed reports of angry rows between the two as ` ` tittle tattle '' although he jokingly acknowledged he occasionally swore .
its annual report singles out president donald trump as an example of an ` ` angrier and more divisive politics '' .
media playback is unsupported on your device
30 december 2016 last updated at 17:39 gmt
cook made an unbeaten half - century against the tourists for south africa a in a warm - up match before the series .
the 22-year - old scotland international made five appearances for leeds in 2012 and was released by the rhinos at the end of the 2013 super league season .
murray , 25 , who has already secured rio olympic qualification , was down in 21st after the fencing round .
the daily yeni safak said its offices and those of yeni akit were attacked .
the 25-year - old striker has played for three promotion - winning championship sides in four seasons , at hamilton , hearts and hibs .
relegated villa were leading 2 - 1 at vicarage road before two late goals from watford captain troy deeney .
media playback is not supported on this device
kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov told reporters the pilots were ` ` guided by co - ordinates '' from ` ` turkish partners '' .
the company 's flotation on the nasdaq stock exchange had initially raised a less - than - expected $ 286 m -lrb- Â # 170 m -rrb- .
england international chase , 29 , had been suspended pending an internal disciplinary investigation , but will now been given a free transfer .
last year 's runner - up will bid to become the first top weight to triumph since red rum in 1974 .
the apology came as an independent panel found police ` ` sought to deflect responsibility '' on to liverpool fans .
pte manning , formerly known as bradley , was sentenced to 35 years in military prison for leaking a massive trove of classified us documents .
the incident happened within the grounds of the city 's bus station in smithfield street just before 10:30 gmt on monday .
the vehicle overturned on the road between mecca and medina , mena said .
the oscar - winning picture made $ 1.27 bn -lrb- Â # 857 m -rrb- at box offices worldwide , and led to record sales of related merchandise .
it is a decision that has been well telegraphed in recent months , with both agency officials and industry chiefs expressing their doubts that all the hardware could be made ready in time .
the third seed , who received a bye in the first round , beat the american wildcard 6 - 3 6 - 1 in just over an hour .
the sagitaire and the saint christophe were rescued in the early hours at town quay , dartmouth , where they had taken refuge from storms .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
the committee is intending to investigate the # 1bn sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
` ` there 's a lot going on right now , '' the singer tells us .
its 2015 annual report found cases were down by 23 % on the previous year , while a total of 7,589 animals were rescued .
the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- said the figure was up from 7.6 % in the year to february .
heads and teachers have been complaining about deepening problems with funding shortages - with warnings they might have to cut school hours .
the electoral commission will decide whether to select vote leave , which mr johnson is backing or grassroots out , which has been endorsed by ukip 's nigel farage , as the official lead campaign .
the 30-year - old joined cobblers on a one - year deal last summer , making 25 appearances in all competitions .
in a scrappy first half , joe garner drew a save from aberdeen keeper joe lewis and crossed for martyn waghorn to volley over .
ludosport has opened its first academy teaching seven forms of combat from the star wars world using flexible blades mounted on weighted hilts .
michael salmon , 30 , used his position as freelance producer of a show , ` ` cosy '' , at cardiff 's millennium centre , to obtain grants .
philippe bianchi told france info radio his son , who remains in a coma , had shown ` ` no significant progress '' since crashing into a recovery vehicle last october at suzuka .
13 january 2016 last updated at 22:15 gmt
the pontypridd mp , who resigned from the shadow cabinet last month , told the bbc he was ` ` not part of any plot or coup against jeremy corbyn '' but the leader had rejected compromises he had suggested .
south wales police said david ellis , 40 , his lodger , has been arrested in ireland .
olive cooke , 92 , of bristol , joined the royal british legion -lrb- rbl -rrb- aged 16 following her father who was an active member after serving in world war one .
the sorrento was travelling to the coastal city of valencia when the blaze began and quickly got out of control .
a 17-year - old female passenger is in a critical but stable condition in ninewells hospital following the crash on camperdown park 's , main drive .
aswad thomas broke the deadlock for the hosts , heading sam magri 's cross home after 22 minutes , but from there the visitors took charge .
michael sandford , 20 , from dorking , surrey , was accused of trying to grab a police officer 's gun to shoot mr trump at a las vegas rally on 18 june .
there was a certain tension in the air last night , as mr speaker bercow presided at a farewell dinner for deputy speaker dawn primarolo ; later today she 'll probably be presiding over a short commons debate that might decide whether the speaker will need a farewell dinner of his ownâ $ ¦ .
dassey and his uncle steven avery were convicted of murdering a young woman , teresa halbach , in 2005 .
at a campaign rally , he called the south carolina senator an ` ` idiot '' and then told the crowd to try the number .
kate richardson - walsh and helen richardson - walsh will compete at their fourth olympics , while crista cullen and alex danson will be at their third .
matt coles and darren stevens removed mark wallace and jacques rudolph in the first two overs .
karen seldon , 44 , of abercarn , caerphilly county , was cleared of four counts of sexual activity with a minor at newport crown court .
mr swinney said the uk government 's recent spending review placed ` ` unprecedented pressure '' on public expenditure north of the border .
the new york businessman - turned - politician said many controversial things and flip - flopped on a number of policy positions during the campaign .
cordina lost a split decision to hurshid tojibaev in the last-16 of the lightweight division at rio 2016 .
more than 120 old or recent bruises and broken bones were discovered on keegan downer 's body , birmingham crown court was told .
the decommissioned type 22 frigates hms cumberland , hms campbeltown , hms chatham and hms cornwall are currently moored in portsmouth harbour .
people decried the perceived death of open communication , the potential rising costs of access , and perhaps , most importantly , how they would access streaming episodes of favourite programmes like breaking bad and house of cards .
but new research from imperial college london suggests the gender gap between men and women 's life expectancies is narrowing .
26 january 2015 last updated at 09:11 gmt
the incident happened on the whiterock road at about 15:00 gmt on friday afternoon .
a new programme , known as drive , will be aimed at the most dangerous offenders , bbc news has been told .
new figures show the total number of teachers across scotland has risen , but 12 council areas saw numbers fall .
it is the joint - most corrupt country in the world with somalia , according to transparency international , and the same family has ruled since 1948 .
jacqueline carol lloyd , 46 , died after being struck by an out - of - service bus on butts lane , southport , at about 23:50 bst on 17 may 2015 .
` ` trust in the values of our people and in our ability to rebuild the economy , '' mr temer said .
highways england wants turn the hard shoulder into an extra lane between junction three by heathrow airport and junction 12 at theale to tackle periods of heavy congestion .
the first lethal weapon film , which came out in 1987 , starred danny glover as a veteran police officer and mel gibson as his volatile new partner .
eight of the accused , all senior managers , are charged with murder over the soma coalmine tragedy in western turkey last year .
david mackintosh was the leader of northampton borough council when the authority authorised the loan to northampton town in 2013 .
` ` i ' m frustrated to say the least , but very pleased that we ' ve stayed in this division , '' hodges told bbc cornwall .
her 15-year battle for justice finally bore fruit last week , when the bombay high court confirmed the life sentences of 11 men found guilty of rape and murder .
tynan , a former manchester city player , died after being hit by a train at west allerton station in merseyside on tuesday , british transport police said .
he said the target to cut net migration to the uk could not be achieved as long as britain remained a member of the eu .
the nottingham pram company made pushchairs and perambulators from a factory in the city .
it is hoped models of three soldiers - each depicting one of the old regiments - will be cast in bronze and displayed at the arboretum in staffordshire .
charlton athletic supporter daniel boylett , 36 , of eltham , was arrested after trouble broke out at the match on 23 september 2015 .
joe acquaro was shot dead in melbourne in the early hours of tuesday .
the response was carried on the somali memo website which is affiliated to the al - qaeda - linked group .
the brewers - a non - league club until the 2009 - 10 season - finished second in league one this term to clinch promotion to the championship .
cardiff university is currently exhibiting some of its collection as part of a three - day event to mark the centenary of thomas ' untimely death .
culture secretary karen bradley said the money would be given ` ` to develop inspirational projects that could have a transformative local effect '' .
the conservatives have been given a huge confidence boost and will feel in a position to challenge in more constituencies next year , rather than just on the list .
7 january 2016 last updated at 16:05 gmt
his form is improving , he said .
6 january 2016 last updated at 12:15 gmt
cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that can cause a fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems - particularly those with advanced hiv .
the life - saving services are each to receive a part of the # 5 m paid to the government in libor fines .
mark thompson wrote in a blog that the bbc had seen ` ` disturbing new tactics '' , including the targeting of family members of those working outside iran .
but more than 400 years on , it has become a sticking point in the stormont talks .
the reds looked in control when roberto firmino converted james milner 's pass and daniel sturridge backheeled to sadio mane to clip home a second .
the singer died in april from an accidental overdose of the painkiller fentanyl , but he did not leave a will and did not have any children .
foreign minister sushma swaraj said kulbhushan jadhav was ` ` kidnapped '' and tried on ` ` concocted charges '' .
the us tech giant sold 74.8 million iphones in its fiscal first quarter , compared with 74.5 million a year ago .
the boat is understood to have capsized in the durris area , at craiglug .
the extra funding will be paid directly to welsh councils after they said more money was needed for the clean - up .
the unfancied blues were galvanised from the outset , and took the lead after 12 minutes when elliott durrell netted with a stunning volley from 25 yards .
credit rating agencies , in essence , rate a country on the strength of its economy .
media playback is not supported on this device
new analysis for bbc news shows that many people relying on their savings income are worse off than ever before .
fife , 25 , won the last of his six caps at the end of the 2015 six nations but has largely figured for the scotland sevens side this year .
historic car specialists fiskens said they placed the car for a ` ` short time '' outside their kensington headquarters when two traffic wardens approached .
mr haldane , added that any rate rise would ` ` increase unnecessarily the chances of the economy falling below critical velocity '' .
that is according to an international study of students ' well - being .
steven mcivor , 32 , was one of two thieves who targeted the letterbox bistro in balerno main street and stole Â # 2,000 and 5,300 euros on 26 february 2016 .
the 49-year - old was convicted at the old bailey after backing the group in an oath of allegiance published online .
earlier this month , nrw estimated the lagoon would mean 21 % of salmon and 25 % of sea trout dying each year , as they migrate to and from local rivers .
the bodies were found on sunday , but no identities have been released .
the labour peer , who died in december , was accused of sex offences against children - which his family deny .
the bbc 's juliana liu followed the final campaigning hours of two young women standing for office in the city 's district elections , the first polls since last october 's protest movement .
the policewoman , sandra bertin , was in charge of security cameras .
the gills are in the relegation zone following a run of one win in 12 games .
thousands attended the early morning service at hyde park corner and up to 400 people took part in a parade before the wreath - laying at the cenotaph .
the germans overturned a 3 - 1 first - leg deficit against porto , winning 6 - 1 to advance 7 - 4 on aggregate .
it said an 8 ft polystyrene snowman , a caravan and enough postage stamps to fill two vans have also been left at recycling centres .
the move apparently follows a request from prime minister benjamin netanyahu 's office .
transport minister humza yousaf said a new charter arrangement would end the long - running row over seafarers ' pay .
senior judges in belfast have lifted an injunction on the psni taking possession of winston rea 's recorded account to boston college researchers .
thousands of border agency workers are expected to strike on 30 november in protest at government pension changes .
they want england , wales and northern ireland brought in line with scotland .
community union said 250 jobs are to go , mainly at llanwern , which employs 1,500 workers .
the discovery of the body in northampton is being linked to the disappearance of adeyemi olugbuyi , 32 , known as ` ` big man '' , in september 2013 .
cook , 25 , scored 25 goals in the national league last season , helping the bluebirds to a mid - table finish .
former exeter player pope , 26 , can also play on the wing and joined the championship club in 2013 .
conservative critics had tabled a proposal to let heterosexual couples enter into civil partnerships , if gay couples were allowed to get married .
parents of brides can not invite more than 500 guests , and the number has been limited to 400 for grooms .
the belfast policing and community safety partnership 's ` drug dealers do n't care , do you ? '
in laboratory tests , two sweetgrass compounds drove mosquitoes away from tantalising fake blood samples , just as well as the widely - used repellent deet .
the 1920s window at st paul 's church in grangetown , cardiff , depicts air , sea and land battles alongside religious images and trench scenes .
moreno , 24 , is also wanted by former club sevilla in la liga , while serie a giants ac milan and inter milan have expressed an interest in the left - back .
roedd ashley talbot yn 15 oed pan fu farw .
in april , northern ireland 's secretary of state published a plan for a budget to be imposed if the stormont parties could not reach a deal .
the girl was attacked in the jenkins dale area of chatham on 4 april and is still in hospital with serious injuries , kent police said .
notts leg - spinner imran tahir led the recovery with 7 - 112 as somerset were all out for 437 - a lead of 36 .
the contractor , smartty 's management limited , has been asked to return the excess payment , the government said .
on 26 october 1914 alice parr arrived at the government 's imposing war office in london , seeking answers about her missing teenage son .
cotter will leave the scotland job and be replaced by glasgow boss gregor townsend at the end of the season .
alassane ouattara has been in power since his predecessor , laurent gbagbo , was forcibly removed from after refusing to recognise mr ouattara internationally recognised victory in the november 2010 presidential election .
28 october 2015 last updated at 14:19 gmt
verheydt , who had been with maastricht since 2015 , has signed a three - year contract with harry kewell 's side .
kjell lindgren played amazing grace on the pipes after recording a message about research scientist victor hurst , who was involved in astronaut training .
saints - the last visiting team to win at ibrox 13 months ago - took the lead early on when blair alston curled in a fantastic strike .
he was killed in his vehicle near the presidential palace in the capital , mogadishu , the officials added .
noah zunde , who was 22 months old , succumbed to heatstroke after being left in the car for seven hours .
` ` industrial - strength '' extremists can not be dealt with ` ` just with force of arms '' , he said in a rare interview .
chechen muslim clerics met on 3 april , two days after the paper 's revelations , and said the report had insulted their faith and the dignity of chechen men .
under a longstanding agreement with the city of new york , the museum must accept whatever patrons offer to pay .
a man entered the store on balmoral place between 07:30 and 07:45 , threatened a 33-year - old member of staff with a weapon and attacked him .
the 23-year - old from guernsey appointed veronelli in december 2013 , but he is no longer able to commit to spending up to 40 weeks a year on the road .
now , none of her albums are available on the music - streaming service , after the singer removed her entire back catalogue .
they join rugby star mike tindall , who 's married to the queen 's granddaughter , zara tindall .
the key foreign ministry portfolio has gone to ibrahim ghandour , a former presidential assistant .
nasri , 29 , was an unused substitute for thursday 's international champions cup win over borussia dortmund in china .
akpan , 25 , was dismissed in the 87th minute of rovers ' 2 - 1 championship defeat by sheffield wednesday on tuesday , 14 february .
the six male athletes also said they engaged in disruptive behaviour .
leader brandt snedeker , who had a share of the lead after the opening round , is on 12 under par - one clear of fellow american kevin kisner .
the aim of the scheme was to increase bank lending by up to # 70bn .
with a population of fewer than 5,000 , nearly one in 10 people in south cave expressed opposition to the plans by gladman developments .
helen zille said the ` ` time was right '' for her to step aside , adding that the da would benefit from fresh blood .
scotrail said the glasgow queen street station tunnel would be closed from 20 march until 8 august .
is militants launched at least four suicide attacks , with reports saying at least 25 people were killed .
mary burrows , who was chief executive of betsi cadwaladr health board , moved from colwyn bay , conwy county , to london two months ago .
vardy , 29 , is included after scoring 24 goals to help the foxes win the premier league last season .
eight - year - old garfield , who makes the trip to sainsbury 's in ely in cambridgeshire on a daily basis , has his own facebook page created by fans .
the 36-year - old former assistant coach at st mirren and cowdenbeath has helped michael o'neill steer his fifth seeds to a place in the finals in france .
east kent hospitals nhs foundation trust serves a population of more than 750,000 people across five different hospitals .
thousands of animals , many of them endangered , are part of the count which is required by law as part of the zoo 's licence .
labour mp keith vaz said coca - cola was marketing a ` ` real health hazard '' .
the man dialled two taxi firms from the landline in the house at wodecroft road , luton , but hung up after he was asked for his phone number .
he suffered a stroke two weeks ago and his condition improved before a sudden deterioration on tuesday .
media playback is not supported on this device
berahino , 21 , was travelling at 110 mph when he was stopped by cheshire police near junction 20 of the southbound m6 in the early hours of 22 october .
towell , 25 , was knocked down twice during the bout in glasgow on thursday and died in hospital on friday night .
david davies said there were too many ` ` scare stories '' suggesting people would be removed .
the unnamed pair waited nine months for their personal independence payments -lrb- pips -rrb- to be paid by the department for work and pensions -lrb- dwp -rrb- .
ministers promised a response after ams claimed the 2013 active travel act had failed to achieve its potential due to a lack of funding and leadership .
the latest data sent back from the probe has made nasa scientists believe that saturn 's ice - crusted moon enceladus may now be the single best place to go to find life beyond our earth .
the 31-year - old brazil forward , better known just by her first name , has signed a two - year contract with an option of a third .
alex d'acol headed the hosts ahead early on from ali crawford 's corner .
almost 80,000 passengers and crew have sailed into belfast this year on 43 different tourist ships .
mr hockey 's appointment comes after he left politics following his removal as treasurer by malcolm turnbull .
mark moogalian and five other passengers overpowered the suspect , moroccan national ayoub el - khazzani .
maud kells , who is 75 and from cookstown , was shot outside her home in the democratic republic of congo .
for a short time on monday night , us time , the stocks of the likes of apple , microsoft , amazon ebay and zynga were all listed at $ 123.47 .
welsh water 's helpu social tariff could offer savings of up to # 250 a year for its most disadvantaged customers , the company said .
the scheme would be paid for by cutting the winter fuel allowance and free tv licences for better - off pensioners , the party 's ` ` pre - manifesto '' proposes .
instead it 's been about her music , her age and whether she 's been banned from the radio 1 playlist .
the unit was assisted by officers from humberside , derbyshire , south yorkshire and the west midlands .
they are among a programme of 400 branch closures already announced in principle .
the gold hill cheese run sees entrants run up the cobbled shaftesbury street with a 55 lb -lrb- 25 kg -rrb- cheese .
two sections of the a3055 undercliff drive suffered landslips in february 2014 , creating a three - mile detour between niton and st lawrence .
the goal is to see if a computer can beat four of the best players in the variant of poker known as no - limit heads - up texas hold 'em .
the greatest foreign policy disasters have tended to come when the uk has either ignored america - such as when it joined france in invading suez - or when it has followed the us too blindly , as in the invasion of iraq , against the warnings of many in europe .
match ends , macclesfield town 0 , dover athletic 0 .
he is the latest casualty of the trump white house , and takes the record for the shortest term in a top job : he was fired 10 days after being announced as communications director .
on a night when wembley paid its respects to the late dutch legend johan cruyff with applause in the 14th minute , a much - changed england side slipped to a rare defeat at the national stadium .
rosie ross , 16 , was killed by schizophrenic inderjit kainth while she sunbathed in birmingham city centre in may 2001 .
kent police detained the two suspects , aged 22 and 20 , at dover eastern docks in the early hours of sunday .
the 19-year - old was held in barking on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .
manager neil warnock has made it clear he will give the midfielder time to mull over the new deal on offer .
hywel dda director of operations joe teape said all hospitals were full following a busy bank holiday weekend .
reports suggest chinese buyers are acquiring the clothing retailer , which started in london in the 1850s .
after a sterile first 60 minutes , stephane sessegnon fired the baggies into the lead with a powerful shot .
several species ' vision was studied by an international team to identify this ultra - violet -lrb- uv -rrb- sensitivity .
hitachi is to buy horizon nuclear power , which was intending to build reactors on existing sites at wylfa , anglesey , and oldbury , near bristol .
it comes after paediatric pathologist dr caroline gannon resigned over interventions by mr larkin on abortion laws surrounding fatal foetal abnormality .
the disease can be more serious and harder to treat than conventional , human tuberculosis .
the abuse is reported to have taken place at overseal manor school in derbyshire between 1979 and 1985 .
her previous attempt to change the law was defeated in parliament but she said the public now had better awareness of the issue .
on wednesday east northamptonshire council backed plans to add a further five restaurants to the unbuilt rushden lakes complex .
police in new mexico 's capital santa fe confirmed the remains as those of randy bilyeu from colorado .
owner cuerden leisure is selling blackpool 's south and central piers and the grade ii listed llandudno pier .
only 90 will be returned to stormont - compared to 108 from previous assembly polls .
jean - yves le drian , who is visiting mali , said a force of 1,000 would be left in place .
the judge described the evidence against colm murphy and seamus daly as overwhelming .
the 19-year - old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on wednesday .
shahid tarafdar , 45 , was hit by a peugeot 307 on stockport road at about 15:45 gmt on 7 february .
the cartoon , by prominent artist jonathan shapiro , known as zapiro , also features a poem , which refers to mr zuma as a ` ` dick '' .
twenty - four buildings at stow maries aerodrome , near maldon , have been grade ii star - listed by the department for culture , media and sport .
mr cameron missed the weekly prime minister 's questions to fly to be with his father in hospital .
the medics , wearing white gowns and surgical caps , were demanding the government honour a 2013 deal to increase salaries .
nuclear war , global warming and genetically - engineered viruses are among the scenarios he singles out .
instead , it was her namesake , irish politician joan collins , who was arrested at a protest against new water meters in dublin yesterday .
the iceland lorry ended up in the grounds of st john 's church following the crash on woodfield street , morriston , at about 04:50 bst on wednesday .
the ` ` very confused '' pensioner was stopped by police up on the 70mph - limit road near crawley , west sussex , on friday .
media playback is not supported on this device
remus hamza , 41 , of riverside , cardiff , was jailed for 12 years in february 2016 for raping the 20-year - old and was also given four years on extended licence .
he has written to the parliamentary speaker criticising her for passing it in december without a quorum .
multiplication was a ` ` very important '' part of a child 's mathematics knowledge , mr gibb said .
8 september 2016 last updated at 15:33 bst
media playback is not supported on this device
but just north of the small market town of korem , bright green fields and neatly terraced hillsides surround a vast lake , and in the brand new local hospital , the ward reserved for severely malnourished babies is all but empty .
the sculpture , depicting a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape , was crowned winner of the cornwall beach games sandcastle competition .
media playback is not supported on this device
hs2 ltd , the company behind the rail link from london to northern england , last week said the redevelopment of the station would finish in 2033 - seven years later than planned .
more than 1,400 works were found in his munich apartment , including pieces by picasso and matisse .
ukse is the tata steel subsidiary set up to assist growing companies in traditional steel areas .
its new official forecast is for the gap between spending and taxes still to be a deficit of # 7bn in 2019 - 20 , compared with the office for budget responsibility 's forecast made at the last budget for a surplus of # 7bn .
harry maceachen , from shrewsbury , was born with a rare disease and had the life - saving transplant on thursday .
the 23-year - old has scored 24 tries in 37 appearances for the wolves .
china 's consumer price index -lrb- cpi -rrb- rose 1.6 % in september compared with a year earlier , china 's national bureau of statistics -lrb- nbs -rrb- said .
hernandez , 24 , has signed a three - year deal , which the tigers have the option of extending for a further 12 months .
the comedian and actor has been married to malaak compton - rock for 19 years .
among the dead is a family of four killed in a fire started by lightning , officials say .
sheffield city council said the cladding at hanover house was not made of the solid aluminium panels ordered .
meaning ` ` to watch a large number of television programmes -lrb- especially all the shows from one series -rrb- in succession '' , it reflects a marked change in viewing habits , due to subscription services like netflix .
the harry potter star has been praised for his latest role in rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead at london 's old vic .
after james tavernier was penalised for a last - minute challenge on jonny hayes , james maddison curled home a fantastic set - piece from 25 yards .
many firms use globalstar 's satellite - based system to keep an eye on trucks , cars , containers and ships as they move around .
tv signals use different parts of the radio spectrum to radar , but both bounce off solid objects .
but there is a mismatch between those soothing words and the aggressive trade policies laid out during the campaign - which included harsh tariffs on china and tearing up existing agreements .
an airport spokesman said the runway had been closed for two periods on sunday - of nine and five minutes - after the drone was sighted .
global giants barclays , jp morgan and hsbc are among 17 banks named as part of the two - year investigation .
he complained that dawn bowden referred to ` ` goebbels - like propaganda from the right - wing media '' in a recent debate .
the 29-year - old made 260 appearances for the spireites after joining in july 2009 , and played in 38 games last term .
on one occasion there was only one commode available for more than 100 patients at north middlesex university hospital , a report by the watchdog said .
the team sky rider , 31 , was part of a group that finished two seconds behind movistar stage winner jesus herrada .
but team sky 's leading rider stressed the importance to the outfit of under - fire boss sir dave brailsford .
media playback is not supported on this device
the port at invergordon is providing space for storing parts for the turbines and also office accommodation .
this will affect businesses that use the vat flat rate scheme but which spend very little on goods , including raw materials - such as firms providing services .
the world rugby hall of fame was launched by ex - england and british and irish lions captain bill beaumont at rugby art gallery and museum in warwickshire .
the two probationary officers , aged 23 and 24 , appeared before assistant chief constable robin smith , who recommended they should be dismissed .
angus carpenter , of liverpool , who has played in the city centre for more than 30 years , denied three counts of fraud .
the victory medal belonged to pte william john boaden of the 3rd battalion devonshire regiment .
the 33-year - old former captain takes over from glamorgan wicketkeeper mark wallace , who retired on 10 february .
a first device was thrown from the stands after gauthier hein had given metz a 28th - minute lead .
early figures from the official charts company show the single has been downloaded 156,000 times , with the rest of the total derived from streaming .
the 80 ft -lrb- 24.3 m -rrb- structure will be located on a raised part of the seafront in redcar , at the site of the former leos night club .
samy amimour was one of three suicide attackers who killed 90 people at a rock concert .
about 300 jews went to jasenovac a week ahead of the official ceremony .
the lord advocate said he had informed first minister nicola sturgeon of his intention to quit the post after five years in the job .
mears scotland has held the contract with the council for four years .
an evaluation of reforms to the court system , which were announced in 2012 , said almost all trials in sheriff courts in 2016 began within 16 weeks .
the bodies of lukasz slaboszewski , 31 , kevin lee , 48 , and john chapman , 56 , were found in ditches 10 miles -lrb- 16 km -rrb- apart in newborough and thorney .
paul starks said he felt ` ` sick to his stomach '' when he discovered a wall and railings had toppled onto his two sports cars in dunfermline .
the ayrton light , located above the great bell - known as big ben - needs to be fully dismantled and restored .
christian , 33 , captained the side during this year 's tournament and will be one of their two overseas players for the competition in 2017 .
liverpool city council 's chief executive ged fitzgerald and leader of the conservatives at lancashire county council geoff driver were among four men held on monday .
soon he wo n't need a book to learn more about this tiny british overseas territory in the mediterranean , just south of spain .
webster , 21 , made 81 appearances for pompey , having made his debut in 2012 against west ham in the championship .
the department of health announced in october it planned to add up to 1,500 more places each year - a boost of 25 % on current student doctor numbers - and says it will hit that target by 2020 .
the rural grave , discovered last november in the town of tetelcingo , consists of two 10 m -lrb- 33 ft -rrb- deep pits .
notts slumped to 73 - 7 before luke wood -lrb- 65 not out -rrb- steven mullaney -lrb- 63 -rrb- shared an eighth - wicket stand of 92 .
he 's been disqualified in the final at queen 's club for kicking out at an advertising panel .
the jazz film is the follow up to director damien chazelle 's academy award - winning film whiplash .
as defence correspondent of the daily express he beat his rivals to a string of scoops .
he claims universal music have only paid the band a ` ` miniscule fraction '' of the money they were owed from downloads on sites like itunes and amazon .
danny mckay , 36 , was shot dead at his home on longlands road in newtownabbey last thursday at 20:30 bst .
the robins striker opened the scoring by latching onto asa hall 's cross , before combining with hall again to double his tally from close range .
it came as 100 writers protested outside the council , demanding it take measures to protect freedom of speech .
canadian roger thomas clark is said to have been a key adviser for silk road creator ross ulbricht .
paul green and ryan mclaughlin scored their first goals for the latics , who completed back - to - back home victories under recently returned boss john sheridan to move to within three points of safety .
foyle and lagan search and recue are among 67 charities to benefit from the department of transport scheme .
` ` you , '' he said to foster , ` ` are the worst rangers player ever . ''
ofsted says it has found evidence of children being taught in squalid conditions in three places in birmingham which have now closed .
ms pinkney , who currently works for sussex police , will be the first woman to hold the top position in the hampshire and isle of wight force .
a first half dominated by the forwards ended with the hosts taking an 8 - 4 lead thanks to carlos tuimavave 's late try .
the incident happened in forbes road at about 10:25 .
the company will allow advertisers to see whether online ad campaigns generate offline sales .
goalkeeper manny agboola , 18 , will be on the bench after being recalled from a loan spell at north leigh .
the italy player had reportedly been linked to a reunion with ex - juve manager antonio conte at chelsea .
four steel columns need to be installed at scarthin books , in cromford , derbyshire , to support the weight of about 100,000 books over four floors .
the spanish club sacked coach pako ayestaran earlier this week after four straight league defeats left them bottom of la liga .
liam fox , the international trade secretary , said that he wanted a deal with the eu ` ` at least as free '' as the present arrangements .
an ` ` environmentally friendly '' building with a cafe , gallery and shop is planned for the park near wakefield .
noel conway , who is 67 and has motor neurone disease , wants a doctor to be allowed to prescribe a lethal dose when his health deteriorates further .
the us geological survey said the quake struck at 08:23 gmt , 420 km -lrb- 260 miles -rrb- north - west of the capital , port vila .
it said 50 were also wounded in the hijaz square explosion , which hit the offices of the railway company .
the one - year - old spaniel bitch was found on the a20 in harrietsham , near ashford , on tuesday .
firstsource solutions said new staff will be based at its cardiff bay site which already employs about 800 people .
the two children were allegedly snatched off a beirut street earlier this month at their mother 's behest .
that 's why so many labour mps feared a miscalculation when their party 's leader brought his old comrade back into the fold .
the team of scientists hope the information will help shift the focus away from the way trees look towards on the focus on biodiversity .
jaeseok lee , 40 , collapsed at an address in high street , new malden , at about 01:20 gmt on wednesday .
we look at a new gadget which helps blind and visually impaired people read text and recognise faces , we talk to a tech giant about its progress in making software more accessible , and we ask what role ai could play in opening up technology for everyone .
yet that is what happened to anthony fletcher back in 2009 , when at work one day he tried some nuts , seeds and dried fruit that had been delivered in the post by a new company called graze .
labour leadership contender andy burnham says he is ` ` struggling '' with whether uk action would be legal or not .
the newly crowned women 's super league champions took the lead when fran kirby skipped past her marker and hit a sweet strike from the edge of the area .
the district council - owned building has been upgraded for the first time in more than three decades .
in a landmark move , the federal court told six firms to divulge names and addresses of those who downloaded the dallas buyers club .
the 10-year - old was bought by owners raymond and caroline mould as part of a job lot of 22 horses in france that cost a total of 300,000 euros .
the package on offer from the government includes a pay rise and a reduction in the retirement age .
the project will test the effects of both types of cigarette on volunteers ' blood vessel function , a key health indicator .
amid all the speculation , one could be forgiven for saying that only one man - david cameron - knows when the public will be asked to vote on whether to stay in the european union or to leave .
excluding fuel , like - for - like sales , which strip out the impact of new store openings , fell 1.1 % in the 16 weeks to 24 september .
the cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims .
the hugh fraser foundation has pledged # 300,000 , with # 250,000 to come from the cameron mackintosh foundation .
this is despite the company reporting a pre - tax profit of Â # 36 m in the first half of 2015 , compared with a loss of Â # 9 m a year earlier .
the embalmed body is currently on display in his home city of batac .
he was pronounced dead at the scene on the a173 in levenside , great ayton , at 18:10 gmt on monday after being hit by a black bmw 1 series car , police said .
kenneth david dickie , 64 , was found with a serious head injury at the rockley park site in poole on sunday 8 may .
the british under-23 time - trial champion will compete in her title - winning event and women 's road race next month in herning .
the perception that in some areas police had lost control of the streets was the most important reason disorder spread , they said .
the software giant shared the details with tech news sites digital foundry and eurogamer .
women are as likely as men to ask for a pay rise - but are less likely to get one , the research found .
the wales bill aims to grant the welsh assembly new powers over energy , transport and elections .
it represents one of the biggest tie - ups between video gaming and a major sports league .
andrew hocking , 57 , of west sussex , sexually assaulted four girls , aged between six and 12 , from 1976 to 1990 in gloucestershire and hampshire .
jackson , 22 , scored four goals in 36 appearances last season as wrexham finished eighth in the table .
but the taliban has been regaining ground in sangin and is now poised to recapture the district from afghan forces .
there has been damage to property but no injuries .
the superhero had been declared an honorary ambassador to promote messages about women 's empowerment and gender - based violence .
the company said it had a ` ` temporary network issue '' which affected calls and texts during saturday afternoon and evening .
the bridge fell on to the london - bound carriageway of the motorway just after midday on saturday 27 august .
the british hen welfare trust said 240 of the birds were in need of new homes in wrexham .
the treatment is n't offered on the nhs , but it 's understood some staff have occasionally put patients in touch with organisations who provide it .
victoria street in victoria flooded at about 18:00 bst on saturday and the water gushed into several businesses including the curzon cinema , which had to be evacuated .
media playback is not supported on this device
the bridge , over the river wharfe at tadcaster , north yorkshire , collapsed in december 2015 , affecting 79 homes and businesses .
the spaniards won 22 - 19 with a try in the last seconds to seal the 12th and final spot for this summer 's rio games .
mohammed ali abboud is on trial for murdering agnieszka szefler at the home they used to share in bridge of earn , perthshire , in january .
the scottish seabird centre wants to expand its education and conservation programmes to include all marine life in a bid to remain viable .
the uzbek government announced his death on friday after a period of rumours about his ill health .
katy bethel , 28 , and aaron harris , 33 , were arrested on 4 july 2015 at coquelles ' eurotunnel check - in .
the newspaper okaz said 55 people were awaiting execution for ` ` terrorist crimes '' , while a now - deleted report by al - riyadh said 52 would die soon .
he was shot as he drove to work on the m1 in county armagh on 1 november .
katy james was refused leave to remain because her british husband dominic , a self - employed bike dealer , earns less than Â # 18,600 per year .
the british government permitted changing the name of the local authority to derry city council in 1985 .
21 march 2016 last updated at 15:37 gmt
the unmanned cargo ship was launched from kazakhstan on tuesday , but contact was lost with it soon afterwards .
handing over an envelope containing 50,000 vietnamese dong -lrb- vnd -rrb- -lrb- $ 2.4 , Â # 1.6 -rrb- did not do the trick , but when she added another 50,000 vnd , the referral was secured .
mark fitzpatrick 's store was destroyed after explosives lit up the sky at neighbouring southern firework factory in southampton on 13 may .
the tigers trailed 12 - 4 at the break after tries from mark percival and louie mccarthy - scarsbrook .
the association and groups including the mountaineering council of scotland have raised concerns in the past about rubbish being left in the shelters .
conservative mp for st ives , derek thomas , claimed diabetes is ` ` completely avoidable through good diet and exercise '' on his facebook page .
malala yousafzai was attacked on her way home from school in mingora , the region 's main town .
it happened at the mill street level crossing in leominster , herefordshire , at 05:50 gmt on friday .
official data showed the us economy added 209,000 jobs last month , beating analysts ' expectations , while the unemployment rate fell to 4.3 % .
the scots lost their final warm - up test 19 - 16 to france and cotter believes the run - out in paris will help his side in their world cup opener against japan .
of the 863 men who died , an estimated 120 , known as ` ` the jersey pals '' , were killed during the battle of the somme .
amina ali nkeki , 19 , was found with a baby by an army - backed vigilante group on tuesday in the huge sambisa forest , close to the border with cameroon .
more than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown which was triggered after the two houses of congress did not agree on a new budget .
in particular , she likes fancy china and plates , and is happy to show off her latest purchase .
patrick ewing , 66 , collapsed at his home in oakham , rutland , and was given resuscitation by his partner , yvonne ainsworth .
they are asking him to ` ` reconcile '' the ` ` tensions '' between tougher restrictions and the desire for economic growth .
the 22-year - old man needed hospital treatment after the incident on bridge street on new year 's day .
mrs may will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president after his inauguration .
mr cowen had to deny being drunk or hungover during the rte interview .
pte sean benton , 20 , from hastings , was found with five bullet wounds to his chest in june 1995 while on guard at a perimeter fence at deepcut .
james , 29 , who presents the drive - time show , studied drama and had a number of shows on the students ' union radio station before rising to fame .
the pavilion and green from billingham 's john whitehead park are to form part of the 1950s town in beamish open air museum .
an 18th century building containing two businesses was destroyed in sudbury on sunday , with one woman rescued from an upstairs flat .
the 78-year - old ex - scotland international says several of his old team - mates are affected .
the bantams went ahead on 43 minutes when billy clarke started and finished a move , linking up with steve davies who crossed for him to score .
in february 2016 ministers said funding would stay at # 6.7 m in 2016 - 17 , whilst s4c 's remit and funding was reviewed .
the star wore a gary barlow mask as he began playing could it be magic on a piano at cabot circus shopping centre .
leon mugesera , an academic , was extradited back to his home country from canada four years ago .
jason rezaian , a dual us - iranian citizen , has been accused of passing information to ` ` hostile governments '' .
casey posted a one - under 71 to move to seven under , while fleetwood and americans brian harman and brooks koepka signed for 70s at erin hills .
attendances have fallen in recent years since the premiership side moved from edgeley park in stockport to aj bell stadium in barton in 2012 .
the trial , which targets women who are too late to undergo surgery , gives six weeks of additional chemotherapy .
the legend of barney thomson will open the 69th year of the festival on wednesday 17 june .
tommy sheldon , from southampton , died two weeks after being pulled from the inferno by a passer - by in merdon castle lane , hursley , hampshire , on 11 august .
8 march 2016 last updated at 17:25 gmt
the seasiders struck with the first real chance after 12 minutes as nathan delfouneso jinked past his man and delivered a pinpoint chip into the area , where jamille matt turned the ball home from three yards .
smells of fresh sushi fill the meeting room , and japanese artwork covers the walls of the house .
media playback is unsupported on your device
meghan ambrozevich - blair , 26 , died following a collision between her car and a pick - up truck on the a1 near dunbar in east lothian in december .
a cabinet source has said that a ` ` big reset '' on subsidies paid by consumers , which push up household energy bills , is coming in the autumn .
no - one here is in any doubt that boko haram did it .
the 36-year - old was sacked from his first managerial post at league one club oldham in january after just 20 games in charge .
experts say a lack of early support means patients are reaching crisis .
the white house and state department said plans for up to 300 new homes and an industrial zone were diminishing prospects for a two - state solution to the israeli - palestinian conflict .
shares in barclays fell 0.9 % after the us department of justice sued the bank for alleged mortgage securities fraud .
four - month - old eli cox was found at an address in lapwing close in minster , sheppey , on 13 april and died in hospital on 27 april , kent police said .
the fire and rescue service said they received a call just before 08:30 gmt on thursday .
national grid and wpp shed 5.08 % and 3.46 % respectively after ending dividend payments to shareholders .
the 24-year - old australian has spent his entire professional career to date at newcastle , making his debut in 2014 .
some 65,000 rohingya fled to bangladesh as the military searched for those behind attacks on police border posts .
kieran mcgrath , 26 , was shot after leaving the sheldon arms pub in ashton - under - lyne on 4 october 2014 .
this hard - fought - for policy united local political parties , but doubt now hangs over it .
the us has said the bombing , which took place in the afghan city of kunduz , was a mistake and it was attempting to strike the taliban .
johnny sexton 's 15th - minute penalty was the only first - half score as connacht produced some stout defending .
the 70-year - old time team presenter joined anti - tunnel campaigners to fight the plans , saying they placed the area 's wider archaeology at risk .
filming of the third and final series of the drama has begun , and will continue shooting in dorset , bristol and somerset throughout the summer .
a first - half own goal from diego reyes was followed by saul niguez 's acrobatic volley and antoine griezmann 's penalty in the second half .
harvey , 21 , scored five goals in 50 league appearances for the pilgrims but rejected the offer a new contract .
the japanese carmaker 's investment in the burnaston plant near derby will allow production of vehicles using its new global manufacturing system .
opposition leader gordon bajnai never once raises his voice , despite the roar of the crowd behind him .
the oban lifeboat was launched on thursday evening after the explosion near puilladobhrain , which blew out the boat 's windows and hatch .
the department is funding redundancies for 212 staff who have already applied to leave before the 2015/16 academic year .
trainer john gosden let the unbeaten 4 - 7 favourite race after he walked the course and she beat runner - up vintage folly by a length and three quarters .
the 26-year - old german tore cartilage in his knee during the premier league defeat by chelsea on 14 december , coming off after 57 minutes .
the victorian society released its annual list , which it says names those in urgent need of help and protection .
staff sgt robert bales , who was sent to iraq three times before his recent deployment to afghanistan , returned to the united states on friday .
the widnes viking star was taken to hospital with head injuries following an attack at about 04:05 gmt on sunday .
zabair hussain , 41 , was discovered with multiple injuries to his head and body in staniforth road , darnall , sheffield , at about 23:20 gmt .
after everton striker lukaku 's fiercely struck opener from outside the box , bournemouth 's joshua king levelled .
mr johnson , the mayor of london , announced on sunday that he would be backing the campaign for britain to leave the eu .
they are among seven ex - news of the world staff accused of conspiracy to access voicemails .
the man , in his 20s , was the only person in the bmw convertible when the accident happened on the a323 aldershot road in guildford .
the labour ministry said the number of people filing for unemployment benefits fell by 98,853 , or 2.1 % , compared with the previous month .
the money will be used to create 35 new posts across northern ireland in an effort to speed diagnosis and cut waiting lists .
moorways was closed to the public in 2016 but continued to be used by swimming clubs until the end of january .
the 25-year - old american born striker made 37 appearances and scored seven goals during his 12 months at tynecastle .
tulip has been covering the outbreak over the past few months , reporting on the children born with microcephaly and other birth defects believed to be caused by the virus as well as speaking to scientists who are leading the fight back against zika .
the details emerged during the sentencing of arshid , bannaras and basharat hussain at sheffield crown court .
a fire was started when the building was broken into sometime between tuesday evening and wednesday morning .
jamal hakrush starts his job as deputy commissioner after months of violence between israelis and palestinians .
several lawsuits had demanded cairo 's administrative court block the decision to form the panel as it did not reflect the diversity of egyptian society .
the group published its report on the government 's draft budget , which marks the first use of new tax powers .
four of those on board , three soldiers and an airman , were stationed at raf odiham in hampshire .
some applaud britain 's decision as being in its national interest , but others fear that the only beneficiary will be russia .
witnesses said after the attack , at forest hill station at about 13:20 gmt , a man then chased other people outside the station .
cesare prandelli resigned as azzurri coach after they were knocked out in the world cup group stage .
the body of louis thornton , 26 , who played for douglas - based corinthians , was discovered at 05:20 bst on saturday in his hotel room in james street .
police say the individuals were using software designed to remotely control computers - allowing for the stealing of information .
official results by the electoral commission show that mr akufo - addo of the new patriotic party -lrb- npp -rrb- obtained more than 50 % plus one vote required to beat his main rival , president john dramani mahama of the national democratic congress .
researchers looked at three areas of england , 20 years apart , and found new rates of dementia were lower than past trends would suggest .
the images , taken by syd shelton , from pontefract , include pictures of the clash , misty in roots and the specials .
released by norwich city as a schoolboy , he entered semi - professional football , turning out for king 's lynn and staines town , who play in the ryman premier division .
the composer , whose hits include the phantom of the opera , cats and evita , is charging between # 25 - # 95 for his latest london musical school of rock .
his career - best 9 - 95 helped essex beat middlesex by an innings and 34 runs .
media playback is unsupported on your device
it said a 2014 supreme court ruling that widened the definition of who was subject to the deprivation of liberty safeguards had led to a rise in cases .
in 2015 , there were 412 district nurses in wales , down 42 % from 712 in 2009 , figures have shown .
building work at wrexham cemetery will see the restoration of grade ii - listed chapels and a lodge , which has been closed over safety concerns .
they found the link after analysing observational studies involving more than 300,000 people .
` ` welcome to canada - honeymoon capital of the commonwealth , '' david johnston said before crowds at government house .
police were called to the bristol road south branch , in northfield , at 11:45 gmt to reports a female member of staff was being held hostage in an interview room .
drugs such as tamoxifen and bulsufan are now 10 times more expensive despite no longer being under patent .
fellow seamer oliver hannon - dalby , 28 , and batsman matthew lamb , 20 , have both signed one - year extensions , to the end of the 2018 season .
us carrier united airlines has said it will end daily flights between houston , texas and nigeria 's commercial capital , lagos , on 30 june .
one ex - manager said he was instructed to offer free bets and drinks - in one case it was suggested he could buy lunch for high - spending customers .
kevin mckell , from dundee , had returned from a visit to bavaria when his suitcase set off alarms going through an x - ray machine .
city 's 2 - 1 efl cup win at the liberty on wednesday was their ninth consecutive win since guardiola 's appointment .
forward fernando forestieri -lrb- knee -rrb- is a doubt having only been able to play from the bench in the last two games .
the discovery was made at whitehills harbour at about 13:30 .
cardiff narrowly missed out on the championship play - offs last term , finishing eighth in the table .
many tenants and social landlords also want to see an end to the policy , according to a consultation .
and one of those groupings is the evangelical wing - a deeply conservative grouping that will play such an important role in iowa , the first state to vote in february next year - and therefore disproportionately important .
documents filed with us regulator said french authorities recently completed an audit of booking.com 's accounts from 2003 to 2012 .
the 30 gigabyte dump of stolen data appears to include nearly 200,000 emails belonging to noel biderman .
it condemned ` ` the misogynist , hateful comments '' it said had been made by mr trump about women and minorities .
spencer wilding , who hails from rhyl , was the guest of honour at a special screening of rogue one .
special report : the technology of business
tory mp david davis said news of the proposed in - work benefits ban could encourage workers to head to the uk .
crispr - cas9 replaces harmful dna with new code that kills cancerous cells while leaving healthy ones unharmed .
we already know bridesmaids director paul feig is rebooting the franchise , with kristen wiig and melissa mccarthy leading a female - fronted cast .
the cm11 armoured vehicle carrying five soldiers was returning to base when it fell into the wangsha river in pingtung county in the south of the country .
he said his election after a landslide win in may was ` ` a historic moment '' , and pledged no reconciliation with those who had ` ` committed violence '' .
the presenter succeeded jonathan ross as host of the revamped weekly show and said leaving ` ` was n't an easy decision '' .
steven souley , 26 , and his accomplice zico malavin , 20 , were remanded in custody after they admitted attacking robert eadie , 25 , in glasgow in 2014 .
mr blunkett said using the same funding formula applied to wales - which has a devolved budget - yorkshire would be entitled to a Â # 24bn budget .
jp nadeau was reportedly struck by lightning mid - sentence in his apple orchard in new brunswick , canada .
the 2011 world silver medallist and partner robert blair beat martin campbell and julie macpherson 21 - 11 21 - 16 to extend her record in the event .
research suggests oxford may be affected the most by public sector cuts
it is the third time vitalmiro bastos moura has been tried for dorothy stang 's 2005 death after previous convictions were overturned .
bydd yr eisteddfod genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym modedern ar ynys môn rhwng 4 - 12 awst .
the demonstration came after the deaths of several helpers in recent months .
synchronised wreath - laying ceremonies will take place in counties cork , meath , wexford , galway and dublin , beginning at 09:45 local time in cork .
net income fell to $ 3.11 bn -lrb- Â # 2.03 bn -rrb- compared with a year ago for the personal computer giant .
the sfa 's performance director has been conducting a review since taking over from mark wotte .
the scottish champions had been charged after fans set off fireworks during the 1 - 1 draw in group a at sukru saracoglu stadium in istanbul on 10 december .
the second row had been an ever - present part of eddie jones ' england side in 2016 before being ruled out of autumn tests wins over south africa and fiji .
wigan have paid ` ` in excess of # 200,000 '' for tomkins , who they sold to new zealand warriors for a reported world record fee of about # 700,000 in 2013 .
jane bell , from galashiels in the scottish borders , got into difficulty at the dalmeny hotel in st annes on 14 august 2014 .
the choice of a running mate is one of the most crucial decisions a candidate will make during a presidential run .
one woman was injured on wednesday 's incident , which led to dozens of nudist sunbathers fleeing carataggio beach near porto - vecchio .
dengue is a mosquito - borne disease which is prevalent in sub - tropical and tropical regions .
taylor , 27 , retired with a heart condition in april 2016 after seven england tests and 27 one - day games .
nick bennett , group chief executive of community housing cymru , which represents housing associations , was chosen from four candidates .
the italian authorities concluded claire martin killed herself after suffering from post - natal depression .
officials said engineers had managed to repair plants supplying about 70 % of electricity users and hoped to re - connect the rest on sunday .
railways across the uk are currently overseen by british transport police .
it happened at the aberdeen sea cadets base at pocra quay last november .
the company reported an 8 % increase in profit to $ 391 m -lrb- Â # 273 m -rrb- for the first three months of 2016 .
the killings are thought to have taken place last year on a ranch in the western state of michoacan last year .
the test ran between victoria station and exchange square through to market street at about 02:00 gmt .
straker , 27 , has been without a club since leaving york in january , where he made 27 appearances .
italian artist and sculptor maurizio cattelan created the fully functional 18-carat gold lavatory , which he has titled america .
tim husbands said it is also essential that proper transport links are put in place for visitors to reach the site .
a total of 76 suspects have been arrested and huge quantities of drugs and arms seized in a series of raids .
the uk could also be allowed to keep many of its trade terms with the eu so as to avoid disruption , moody 's said .
the 33-year - old portugal international has agreed a one - year contract .
4 may 2016 last updated at 17:39 bst
dixons carphone shares were up 1 % after it said full - year profits were set to be slightly higher than previously forecast .
the office of children 's commissioner study says there were 2,409 victims in the 14 months to october 2011 - but the true number is likely to be far higher .
the hashtag # kamitidaktakut has emerged in the aftermath of thursday 's attacks .
the young piebald cob was found on thursday at braceby , near grantham , with a hind leg infested with maggots .
simon hamilton said if they want the highest standard of health and social care , then the current configuration of services is not going to work .
media playback is unsupported on your device
` ` it was an emotional time , '' he says .
the larger - than - life star , known for flash gordon and z cars , said he came across a woman in labour while visiting london 's richmond park in ` ` about 1963 '' .
given the west 's subsequent military failures in the region , some may even view it with a touch of nostalgia .
the body of india chipchase , 20 , a bar worker , was found in northampton on sunday .
it is the first time wales ' commissioners for children , older people , future generations and welsh language will appear on stage together , at city hall .
the pictures show the swirling clouds of the gas giant at both its poles - views that no previous mission has managed to acquire in such detail .
the woman , believed to be lithuanian , was struck by a car on the a38 near burton - upon - trent around 20:30 bst on 6 july after leaving the man 's vehicle .
media playback is not supported on this device
mr eastwood is challenging current leader alasdair mcdonnell , and party activists will vote next month at the annual sdlp conference in armagh .
dockery , who plays lady mary in itv 's hit period drama , will play madame de tourvel in the production , heading up the london theatre 's autumn season .
tiffany li , 31 , posted $ 4 m in cash and pledged $ 61 m in property , raised from a group of friends , family and business associates , the associated press said .
david vallenilla 's 22-year - old son , also called david , was shot by military police on thursday .
the left - arm seamer , 26 , dismissed kusal perera with the final ball of the 46th over before removing angelo mathews and thisara perera in the 48th .
the retailer has been refurbishing the 160,000 sq ft store since last year , as work continues on a # 1bn redevelopment of the shopping centre .
the move , if enacted , would make them the first uk banks to introduce negative interest rates , in effect , charging to deposit money .
uk parking control -lrb- ukpc -rrb- said it has investigated allegations one of its employees in lincoln had changed timestamps on photos .
the striker took his tally to five goals in two games when hitting the opener and winner in an abax stadium thriller .
jason gillespie 's side will launch the county season on 22 march when they play an mcc xi in abu dhabi in the traditional four - day curtain - raiser .
the 51-year - old was found in the grounds of her home in royston , hertfordshire , in july .
kostadin kostov , 42 , is accused of murdering 38-year - old gergana prodanova , who was last seen in exeter .
the former doctor who actress , from inverness , joins us stars kevin hart , jack black and dwayne johnson , aka the rock , in the new production .
but are there limits to how far authenticity can take a politician ?
the news comes as a major boost to britain 's technology sector .
speaking to the bbc , herman van rompuy said negotiations were unlikely until a new german government was formed after next september 's election .
media playback is not supported on this device
jordan burrow tripped james jennings in the town box , and parkin put the visitors ahead from the rebound after his penalty was saved by sam johnson .
it also defied predictions that it would not survive the collapse of its one - time supporter , the soviet union .
richard ratcliffe will celebrate gabriella 's second birthday near the iranian embassy in london 's hyde park .
the man claims he had sex with julie wadsworth up to 15 times , between the ages of 14 and 18 , including once when her husband tony joined in .
the harlequins centre will lead wales in june tests against tonga and samoa while the lions take on new zealand .
twelve people died in the 19 december attack .
officers searched properties in the waterfront park and colonsay view areas of the city on wednesday .
two snowsports enthusiasts got married at a scottish ski resort before sliding off down a run in their wedding attire .
about 14 m birds are bred for the table a year .
the 31-year - old , fulham 's top scorer in 2013 - 14 , will join the potters on a two - year deal on 1 july .
the building at cathays park was evacuated , with all staff and students told to leave , after a blaze broke out in a fume cupboard on tuesday .
the journalists are suspected of links to us - based cleric fethullah gulen , accused of plotting the coup , as well as kurdish militants .
the price of brent crude oil fell below $ 39 a barrel at one point , its lowest since december 2008 .
the four are now in police custody , after a crime spree that included raids on hotels , small shops and amusement arcades , italian media report .
businessman jeffrey spector , 54 , of st annes , lancashire , died on friday following a six - year illness .
house masters , in charge of residential halls at the university , will become known as ` ` faculty deans '' .
hands shot up in agreement with what , in my humble opinion , was a pretty good case for yorkshire declaring its immediate independence .
dewi and dwynwen , named after two of wales ' most renowned patron saints , are nestled in a romantic ` ` cwtch '' .
williams driver felipe massa suffered two left - rear wheel failures and renault 's kevin magnussen a suspected broken left rear suspension .
23 september 2016 last updated at 14:12 bst
its comment came after similar bunting was removed from masham in north yorkshire amid concerns its weight when wet might bend posts .
they told the bbc 's asian network they would be unable to grieve until they learned the truth .
the 24 crew , mostly from eastern europe and asia , are still on board the maersk tigris , anchored off bandar abbas .
hs2 action alliance says a paper by hs2 ltd shows engineering work will mean closing parts of some passenger lines for 133 weekends , and some freight lines for 50 weekends .
media playback is unsupported on your device
prince jacques is next in line to the monaco throne , a rich principality on the southern french coast .
the new manchester city striker headed the elephants in front from a right - wing cross by max gradel .
media playback is unsupported on your device
wales was around 40th out of 68 in the last pisa international school test results for science , maths and reading released last december .
media playback is not supported on this device
so , it 's no small achievement that star citizen 's creator says he has raised more than $ 108 m -lrb- Â # 75 m -rrb- to develop the title via online crowdfunding campaigns .
tennant was the 10th doctor and piper played his on - screen companion rose tyler in the bbc one show .
he said in a tweet : ` ` i did not make , and do not have , any such recordings . ''
the aberdeenshire - based company said there had been an ` ` unprecedented response '' to its equity for punks usa crowdfunding initiative .
broadband speeds in kingsmere , on the edge of bicester , rarely exceed 2mbps , and some homes can not get a landline .
butterfield has a thigh injury while olsson suffered a concussion in their 1 - 0 pre - season win at sheffield united .
joseph mchale , 38 , kevin schruyers , 42 , and robin vaughan , 43 , all from liverpool , were part of a gang who targeted atms .
severnside provisions , of leeway industrial estate , was also ordered to pay # 400,000 at the city 's crown court on friday .
ross thomson and graham simpson filled in a giant ballot paper outside holyrood to underline their support for the vote leave campaign .
the company currently employs 500 people at premises in glasgow , robroyston , livingston , ayr , clarkston , hamilton , lanark and clydebank .
figures from the university admissions service , ucas , show it was the highest number for five years .
he was rattling across the arid wastes of the baluch desert in pakistan on saturday morning in that most afghan of cars - a battered white toyota corrola - when the missile , fired from a us drone , struck his vehicle .
just over 46,000 vehicles were registered north of the border - a year - on - year increase of more than 2.7 % .
the scotland striker does envisage a return to the domestic scene in his homeland - but not in the near future .
charlie walker 's deflected free - kick put the hosts ahead , before giorgio rasulo 's shot doubled the lead .
ian brown , 44 , and daniel dunkley , 35 , took their own lives at hmp woodhill last july .
huddersfield had the better of the first - half chances , and michael hefele could have given them the lead when he headed wide from aaron mooy 's corner .
davies , 26 , followed up sealing her world championship place in the 20 km by setting two new british bests in the mile and 5 km event .
the list includes five from the uk and one american author , tania james , for her novel the tusk that did the damage .
an ` ` in - depth investigation '' will look into claims made by veracruz governor miguel angel yunes linares on monday , the ministry of health said .
l / cpl craig roberts and two others died on an sas selection exercise in 2013 .
sharing revenge - porn images and videos became a crime in england and wales in february , but the law currently gives victims no right to hide identities .
ogogo , 27 , has resumed training as he continues his recovery from a knee operation in early february .
norah boyle , 85 , suffered a head injury as sabrina duncan and benter ouma put her to bed at the green nursing home in kings norton .
the two nations meet in a 2018 world cup qualifier on armistice day , also known as remembrance day , when the united kingdom remembers those who have lost their lives in war .
the 29-year - old , from cornwall , started his career at penryn and has played for exeter chiefs and rotherham , as well as spending time playing in spain .
a health protection agency study found a 10-fold increased risk in cases of the sleep disorder in children seen in sleep centres who had received the jab .
jordan mcnab , 21 , and two others entered 48-year - old ian dickson 's flat in east kilbride on 20 november 2014 .
it is the classic yorkshire dales landscape .
on 30 october 1974 , a fight for the world heavyweight championship took place between george foreman and muhammad ali in kinshasa , zaire .
the 86-year - old first became prime minister in 1982 , beginning a third spell as leader in 2014 .
lance naik -lrb- corporal -rrb- hanamanthappa koppad was tapped under 8 m of snow at a height of nearly 6,000 m along with nine other soldiers who all died .
when claire was told she would spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair after a spinal injury , she wanted to get back on her feet as quickly as possible and regain her independence .
the skull of an adult male was found by the m54 slip road on thursday by workers surveying a roundabout near telford .
when the beatles first performed at the cavern on 9 february , 1961 , it was so low key it was n't even advertised .
david cameron was answering a question in the house of commons from democratic unionist party mp nigel dodds .
but without it , fruit and vegetable crops ca n't grow properly , and for that reason , farmers are concerned that the uk is having the driest winter in 20 years .
joan bates and her late husband major roy bates moved to an anti - aircraft fortress just outside british territorial waters almost 50 years ago .
the ex - lib dem mp and ex - wife vicky pryce were both jailed after she took his speeding points in 2003 .
firefighters tackled the blaze , which started just before 21:00 on monday in carron valley .
he said he still favoured the use of sterling , but said the independence case needs ` ` refurbishment '' .
rowett was furious after his side lost a two - goal lead to be held 2 - 2 at st andrew 's to end any hope of making the championship play - offs .
in a series of tweets on tuesday morning the president framed any disclosure of intelligence information as a calculated move to advance us national security priorities .
the hosts struggled to make their early possession count , although manny smith had to produce last - ditch heroics for gateshead to prevent kieron cadogan going clean through .
an emotional canadian trade minister chrystia freeland left the talks in brussels , saying the eu was ` ` not capable '' of signing a trade agreement .
michael luciw , 27 , from nottingham , was a passenger in a van that was hit by a mazda premacy , being driven the wrong way on the motorway by albert kenneth newman , who also died .
the 19-year - old produced a spell of 5 - 3 in 19 balls as six glamorgan wickets fell in the last 13 overs of day one .
the tuc 's annual gathering backed a motion which included calls to build ` ` a broad solidarity alliance of unions and communities under threat '' .
scientists say the new species is a member of the group that gave rise to crocodiles and dinosaurs .
officers were called to the address in the renfrewshire town 's gordon street at about 20:55 on tuesday .
the 11 imams , sheiks and religious teachers from nine countries met a holocaust survivor and poles whose families risked execution to save jews from the nazis , in the polish capital 's nozyk synagogue as part of the tour .
glamorgan were beaten in under two - and - a - half days against worcestershire having failed to last two days in their opening loss at northamptonshire .
the family of valentina milluzzo said the doctor treating her refused to abort the foetuses because he was a ` ` conscientious objector '' to abortion .
the band 's set at seaclose park will be their only festival show of the year .
but they say it is still too early to say whether it is the remains of swedish journalist kim wall .
he succeeds laurent fabius , 69 , who announced on wednesday he was stepping down as part of a cabinet reshuffle .
speaking at a joint news conference at the white house , mr obama said they had agreed that neither country would engage in cyber economic espionage .
mae ' r ardal wedi ei chynnwys yn y 10 uchaf gan y cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliad , a chyfleoedd awyr agored sy ' n gwneud y gorau o ' r tirlun .
timm van der gugten , michael hogan , graham wagg and craig meschede took on the bulk of the fast bowling duties across all three formats in 2016 .
surprise frontrunner francois fillon said his project was ` ` more radical '' , and vowed to implement sweeping changes in the first three months of his term .
a coastguard helicopter from st athan , in vale of glamorgan , flew to the scene on saturday evening as the one based in north wales was on another mission .
cook batted for 836 minutes in abu dhabi for his 263 - the third - longest innings by time in test history , and the longest ever by an englishman .
the move is part of national fire service reforms unveiled by home secretary theresa may last week .
yeovil held out until half - time but south korea 's ji so - yun netted twice in first - half stoppage time for 2015 double winners chelsea .
dugdale , 29 , spent a year at the national league club , making 20 appearances and scoring two goals .
the rev canon alison white was made the bishop of hull in a service led by archbishop of york dr john sentamu .
the 25-year - old from plymouth , who also dived at the 2006 commonwealth games and 2009 world championship , has quit after a
a man , aged 28 , and a woman , aged 35 , have been arrested on suspicion of the possession of firearms over the incident at chapel street .
from the northern lights to noctilucent clouds , the range of subjects in this year 's competition covers all things astronomical .
dywedodd jeffrey john : ` ` yn eu barn nhw , byddai esgob sy ' n hoyw yn peri gormod o drafferth . ''
after a five - year approval process , the humble yakka skink - a secretive lizard known to hide under rocks and inside hollow logs - and the ornamental snake brought to a halt a a$ 16bn -lrb- $ 12bn ; Â # 8bn -rrb- mine , rail and port project proposed for the galilee basin in queensland .
jones , of colwyn bay , conwy , announced last month that he has a severe type of dementia .
as well as the african player of the year and africa - based african player of the year shortlists which were announced last month , a range of other awards will also be handed out .
dyke , appointed in 2013 , had intended to stand for a further year .
their nationalities are not known .
by the time a baby takes its first breath many of the key pathways between nerves have already been made .
all five of these candidates are opposed to a third runway at heathrow .
solo will take pictures and measurements from inside the orbit of mercury , to gain new insights on what drives the star 's dynamic behaviour .
from september , three and four - year - olds in england will be entitled to 30 free hours of care a week in term time .
the husband - and - wife duo overcame indonesian pair praveen jordan and debby susanto 21 - 19 17 - 21 21 - 9 .
but there is one country that , while producing its worst ever performance at the rio olympics last month , becomes a world superpower once the paralympics start - ukraine .
greek prime minister antonis samaras failed to get enough support for his presidential nominee on monday and will call an election for 25 january .
christopher hannah was driving a car which mounted the pavement and struck sophie brannan in sandbank street , maryhill , on 14 november last year .
confessions had been forced from the muslim men after they were beaten up in custody , a rights activist said .
the 28-year - old wales international has been with the cherries since 2011 , during which time they have progressed from league one to the premier league .
as he was in the summer , the 38-year - old has again been linked with the vacant national job following the departure of sam allardyce on tuesday .
some have seen increases of as much as 900 % after a recent revaluation and the situation has been called ` ` ridiculous '' .
there are two in the region at the moment - stockton south 's james wharton and hexham 's guy opperman .
there have been grumblings about whether f1 was providing enough of a spectacle for some time , but they have grown in momentum in recent weeks .
kirsty mcguire , from dover , kent , said her son codie mcdowell was left screaming with pain .
the tower blocks - our blocks project has been described as a ` ` domesday book '' of the uk 's post - war reconstruction .
it is claimed the man was kicked in the head a number of times and verbally abused by a group of men at about 02:30 gmt on monday after he was chased from the springfield road .
pamela geller and robert spencer are due to join an edl march in woolwich , where drummer lee rigby was killed .
after resuming on 397 - 9 , on - loan nottinghamshire all - rounder will gidman -lrb- 75 * -rrb- and mitch claydon -lrb- 46 -rrb- extended their last - wicket partnership to 75 .
the crash , involving several vehicles , happened on the southbound carriageway , near the hindhead tunnel at bramshott , at about 07:30 gmt on thursday .
` ` i ' m 64 , '' he said of his fascination with the 1836 battle .
addressing the issue of students getting value for money , he will challenge an ` ` upward spiral '' in university leaders ' pay .
glyndwr university is hosting the first meeting of the north wales cyber security cluster with local businesses also attending .
zeid raad al hussein described the incident , in which 10 people were wounded , as ` ` extremely shocking '' .
malachi love - robinson , 18 , was arrested after examining and providing medical advice to an undercover police officer .
thanks to his personal trough of only 638 runs in 27 innings since he made a century against new zealand at headingley in may 2013 and his team 's 10-match winless streak , people have been queuing up to criticise the england captain .
the turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon ranjit boparan on tuesday .
to secure more rights for people with disabilities , she makes frequent visits to courtrooms where the world of beauty contests is but a dream .
but the original timescale , which envisaged the closures taking place by the end of 2015 , has slipped .
mewn cam annisgwyl , wrth siarad o flaen 10 downing street , dywedodd fod y wlad yn dod at ei gilydd yn dilyn pleidlais brexit y llynedd , ond nad oedd gwleidyddion y gwrthbleidiau yn san steffan wedi gwneud hynny .
the venomous green - and - yellow snake has been missing since wednesday , its owner told the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission .
the influential ey item club said higher inflation caused by a weaker pound would result in gdp growth of 1.3 % in 2017 and just 1 % next year .
the 24-year - old ex - manchester united forward will stay at the city ground until the end of the season .
caterpillar is the world 's largest manufacturer of heavy construction equipment .
mole valley council will get Â # 21 m from the developer barratt homes if the proposals go ahead .
only bottom - club rotherham have conceded more goals in the last 10 minutes than cardiff .
beat estimates 80 % of those affected by eating disorders in the uk have misused laxatives in order to lose weight .
the england lions batsman ended on 117 as the hosts made 255 - 6 in 92 overs in their pursuit of overhauling kent for second spot and # 43,000 prize money .
longer life expectancies combined with higher living costs means working until you physically ca n't is a reality for many .
set 302 to win from 46 overs at taunton , middlesex completed a dramatic run chase with two balls remaining .
johnny mcgurk , 49 , appeared in court in county londonderry accused of theft from quarry firm patrick bradley ltd . .
the victim is in a stable condition in the royal sussex county hospital after being seriously injured in a confrontation in portslade on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
lgbt youth scotland said its research suggested more needed to be done to ensure lgbt young people felt safe .
easyjet was down 3 % and iag down 2.4 % .
bbc correspondents from around the uk reflect on how people have been voting and the implications at a local level .
dsi plumbing and heating ltd of hampshire was also ordered to pay # 1,000 costs at bournemouth crown court after admitting two breaches of the health and safety at work act 1974 .
the taliban has already captured a few of the 14 districts of helmand , which borders pakistan .
the most important ground floor rooms in the stately home are to be restored , while the upper floors are to be used for exhibitions and events .
the 45-year - old 's honda fireblade crashed in the opening practice session of the jurby motodrome racing meet on saturday morning .
robert mcnaughton , 51 , from halesowen , set up fake facebook accounts to troll the woman , west midlands police said .
a group of scientists have invented a gadget which turns pee into electricity .
the woman was taken to hospital after the incident involving a male inmate at maghaberry prison , near lisburn , on monday .
the hosts led when ben richards - everton volleyed home but jordan hugill slotted in to equalise for the visitors .
speaking at an annual meeting of central bankers , janet yellen was cautiously upbeat about the us economy .
the bundesliga club handed the 28-year - old a 2,250 euros -lrb- # 1,768 -rrb- fine - 50 euros for every minute .
cameroon 's ekeng died aged 26 of a suspected heart attack after collapsing on the pitch during a match on friday .
her royal highness took the baton at the hamburg symphony orchestra 's new home , the elbphilharmonie concert hall .
dale arnold , 32 , died in hospital after being stabbed in kelloe , near durham city , on the afternoon of 3 august .
but vr can also be embedded in reality to give people more understanding of the world around them .
lancashire , manchester and north merseyside wildlife trust said the skins of insects have been found on winmarleigh moss , near garstang .
the company is in talks with several japanese lenders over money it needs to reorganise its business in the wake of a massive accounting scandal .
over the past five years , an estimated 70,000 people have left their homes and moved to the gold fields , seeking - if not their fortunes - a way of feeding their families .
barry pring , 47 , was killed by a speeding car as he tried to hail a taxi on the hard shoulder of a dual carriageway in kiev in 2008 .
kohli made 107 and shared century stands with both shikhar dhawan -lrb- 73 -rrb- and suresh raina -lrb- 74 -rrb- at the adelaide oval .
earlier prime minister david cameron attended the main celebration at cleethorpes in north east lincolnshire .
humans are thought to have arrived in the new world no earlier than 25,000 years ago , so the find would push back the first evidence of settlement by more than 100,000 years .
media playback is not supported on this device
it addresses his 1952 conviction for gross indecency following which he was chemically castrated .
the colombia international , who has not played since october following a thigh injury , has been replaced in the squad by new loan signing alexandre pato .
as many as 10 suicide bombers carried out the attacks , which reportedly targeted members of the security forces and allied shia muslim militias .
the 25-year - old forward has been signed for the second half of the womens super league season , which will resume for blues on 29 june at home to arsenal .
the 40-year - old , who is based near malpas in cheshire , fell from her mount topwood beau and was airlifted to bristol 's southmead hospital .
the tykes were knocked out of the fa cup in the first round on saturday by national league side altrincham .
the two countries failed to sign an accord on sharing river water after objections from the chief minister of the indian state of west bengal .
this will be ripe territory for both sides because they believe that is where the highest numbers of undecided voters are to be found .
media playback is not supported on this device
after captaining england to nine victories in a row this year , hartley is favourite for the lions job in 2017 .
media playback is not supported on this device
richards - ross , 32 , revealed in her new book that she had a termination a day before leaving for beijing 2008 , where she won a gold and bronze medal .
bbc sport takes a look at five things you might have missed in the efl on the last full match day before the festive season .
residents and an official said the victims were travelling in a pick - up truck that was targeted in the hiran district of hajja province .
lord o'donnell told the times it would take parliament ` ` years and years and years '' to separate fully from brussels .
the 21-year - old , who has also played on the wing , has progressed through wigan 's youth system .
caitlin ruddy had been with a group of teenagers on the north pier at cullercoats bay on saturday evening .
if wydad casablanca of morocco defeat visiting asec mimosas of ivory coast on sunday in group a , wydad and zesco will qualify for the semi - finals of africa 's premier club football competition .
the casualty , who was with a group of paragliders , was airlifted off slieve gullion at about 15:00 gmt on sunday .
the london taxi company 's -lrb- ltc -rrb- ansty park site in coventry is the home of its new electric taxi , the tx5 .
manuela carmena in madrid and new barcelona mayor ada colau are the most striking examples of the change , having led completely new political organisations to success .
instead of fees rising to # 9,250 per year in the autumn , jeremy corbyn is proposing a complete handbrake turn in saying that university tuition should not cost students anything .
dr christopher davies , who works for the the royal berkshire hospital , said a matron later purchased the item for # 22.95 from homebase instead .
chris may , 28 , was last seen at his home in kelvedon , essex , on 25 may .
the promotion - chasing lions took an early lead as byron webster headed past keeper reice charles - cook from shane ferguson 's corner ,
whatever your perspective or personal views of what mr aamer is , was , or represents , his return to the uk was greeted with a collective sigh of relief across whitehall .
a new grading system will use numbers instead of letters , and coursework is being scrapped for most subjects .
spending reviews - where the chancellor sets out how much each government department can spend for the next three or four years - were introduced by gordon brown in 1998 .
the government said it wanted to ensure that militants with dual nationality who were fighting overseas could not return to australia .
the announcement was made on sunday before the final round of this year 's tournament at portstewart .
anna jacobs read the description by tecomak environmental services in an email inviting her for interview .
pc gavin smith , who appeared on channel 5 's police interceptors , died from cancer aged 34 on 15 february .
security assistance has been withheld since 2011 , when the gulf state put down mass shia - led protests .
domingo has been in the role since may 2013 and his contract ends in august .
the blues , who sacked mourinho for a second time last year , led after just 30 seconds when pedro capitalised on slack defending to roll in .
the 25-year - old , who can also play in midfield , joined the dons from inverness caledonian thistle in 2015 .
media playback is not supported on this device
paul captured global attention after he successfully predicted the results of all of germany 's seven games at the 2010 world cup , as well as the final .
the multiple tt winner set the fastest time of the week in the classic event on his yamaha superbike at 125.49 mph .
` ` listen up , '' splashes the news letter .
samantha ho , 39 , was found in curlew place , st neots , cambridgeshire , on saturday .
both teams had a man sent off - the terrors ' lewish toshney , and solitary goalscorer jason cummings who picked up two yellow cards apiece at tannadice .
accountancy group uhy hacker young claimed new ` ` boutique '' distillers were pushing big brands off the shelf .
this weekend will be my first outing at the stade jean - bouin as i did n't take part last year .
the 34-year - old finished the gruelling 2.4-mile swim , 112-mile bike ride and 26.2-mile run in nine hours , 15 minutes and 54 seconds .
well claimed the ball had crossed the line when home keeper david mitchell collided with a post while clutching an over - hit scott mcdonald cross .
the 34-year - old somalian woman was attacked outside the co - op on water eaton road , bletchley , on 6 august .
in fact , the swedish star has already lost five months to making her third album ... and it 's still not finished .
screen grabs showing the website with messages from gay activists are being circulated on social media sites .
the pair appeared in front of thousands of fans at a news conference in los angeles - the first of four events called to promote the las vegas fight .
they read from attack of the shidas about children from different kenyan communities working together to protect their well from an alien invasion .
last season , tedesco took charge of second - tier fc erzgebirge aue for the last 11 games - his first job as a boss - and guided them to survival .
the images were taken by photographer nick hedges in the 1960s and 1970s for housing charity shelter in some of the country 's biggest cities .
mark turner , 55 , tried to use an epipen to counter the severe allergic reaction but spilled the contents , a hearing at exeter 's county hall was told .
it follows a successful bid to part - fund construction of the manchester cancer research centre -lrb- mcrc -rrb- on the christie hospital site in withington .
many wept as they prayed for the pope outside the city 's main cathedral .
the issue has been described as the biggest challenge facing police focussed on breaking up organised crime groups .
lee westwood is one back after dropping his only shot of the day at the last .
media playback is unsupported on your device
joseph michael schreiber faces at least 30 years in prison if convicted on charges of arson with a hate crime enhancement , said authorities .
gwilym joseph mbe served the club for nearly 50 years and was given the honour earlier this year .
the move comes a day after the cincinnati zoo said it was ` ` not amused '' by enduring memes over the gorilla 's death .
platforms were evacuated and the area cordoned off by heavily armed police late on monday evening .
sox was discovered under a car in the city 's kirkton area in march making unusual noises and suffering from hypothermia .
fifa delegates are voting on their new president , but the incumbent mr blatter has refused to withdraw from the contest , despite the arrest of senior colleagues on major corruption charges .
the building at capel - le - ferne , in kent , is due to open in 2015 , in time for the battle 's 75th anniversary .
tokyo electric power co -lrb- tepco -rrb- aims to reduce radiation leaks in three months and to cool the reactors within nine months .
greater manchester police -lrb- gmp -rrb- apologised for racial stereotyping for using a fake terrorist shouting ` ` allahu akbar '' in the mock terror attack .
she 's just been in the studio with radio 1 's nick grimshaw , trying to make him giggle while he goes about some serious radio presenting business ; and she 's daydreaming about her favourite uk delicacy - a sandwich from pret .
the giants got a short - handed opener through player - coach derrick walser but jeff dimmen pulled the panthers level .
rovers began in the final relegation place , level on points with forest with an inferior goal difference .
delivering bbc radio 4 's thought for the day , the prince of wales said the rise of populist groups ` ` aggressive '' to minority faiths had ` ` deeply disturbing echoes of the dark days '' of the 1930s .
energy will travel via the world 's longest sub - sea electricity interconnector .
the inquiry into the university hospitals of morecambe bay nhs trust found 20 major failures from 2004 to 2013 at furness general hospital .
the mythical ruler 's legendary court has been associated with locations throughout wales , including carmarthen , st david 's , and cardigan .
with a television audience of 110 million , it 's one of the biggest platforms in the world - and gaga has been putting in the hours to ensure her set is suitably spectacular .
glen evans was left with a broken nose and his bride georgina was punched at fanhams hall hotel in hertfordshire , st albans crown court heard .
media playback is not supported on this device
the proposed deal is aimed at trying to ease europe 's migration crisis .
when the hand of god strikes , nudging a major gcse exam into the path of an england world cup match , it can be a teachers ' worst nightmare .
scientists and charities say the human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- jab will protect them from head and neck cancers .
reports on tuesday suggested the 28-year - old 's representatives are set for talks with the english side .
the woodland trust said deadfall washed out by rivers from urquhart bay wood could explain a recent report of something emerging from the loch .
polling stations opened at 07:00 bst in the area 's 11 constituencies : chester , congleton , warrington north , warrington south , halton , ellesmere port , tatton , crewe & nantwich , eddisbury , macclesfield and weaver vale .
it will be first celebrated on 31 may in 2017 with celebrations and events run by historic england .
anthony and yvonne pardoe travelled round the world collecting the items which date from the 1900s to the 1950s .
mpc members voted 8 - 1 to keep rates on hold - the first time for months the decision has not been unanimous - with ian mccafferty voting for an increase .
darby , 28 , made 194 league appearances for the bantams and helped them to promotion from league two in 2013 .
the conservative government lead by former prime minister stephen harper had asked canada 's supreme court to hear an appeal of that ruling .
liberty , headed by sanjeev gupta , was first to express an interest in the assets when they were put up for sale .
duminda silva was found guilty with four others of shooting dead bharatha lakshman premachandra and three of his supporters during local elections in colombo in 2011 .
the 26-year - old has made 54 competitive appearances for the cherry and whites since arriving in 2014 .
xiaoyu zaijia - or little fish - responds to voice commands using a combination of pictures , text and speech .
kulbhushan jadhav was arrested in the restive balochistan province and accused of ` ` espionage and sabotage activities against pakistan '' .
jahed choudhury , 24 , married sean rogan at walsall register office and shared his story on youtube .
it decided to reorganise the way patients were diagnosed by gps and specialists by bringing in a new approach , especially to deal with those cancer cases which are not initially obvious .
the water pipes in the town are old and prone to leaks and bursts , severn trent water said .
sidwell , 34 , has made 32 championship appearances this season to help the seagulls achieve promotion to the top flight for the first time in 34 years .
while the site has remained quiet about its canary 's demise , it has hosted a discussion on the subject by a group of lawyers .
us - based golf course designers mike keiser , bill coore and todd warnock have proposed creating the course at coul links , near dornoch .
the lucky country by donald horne , which came out in 1964 , has gone on to become a cult classic , as well as saddling this land with an entirely misappropriated nickname .
president thein sein said the deal had opened up the ` ` road to future peace '' in myanmar , also known as burma .
the 31-year - old editorial director at online us fashion website highsnobiety is unsurprisingly passionate about clothes .
the 32-year - old had been playing in the isthmian premier division with leatherhead following his release by newport at the end of last season .
dermot nolan , chief executive of ofgem , told the bbc that domestic gas and electricity prices should be cheaper ` ` for the vast majority of people '' .
that 's the conclusion of a study that suggests a fourfold rise in the amount of mineral and organic phosphorus needed on grasslands by 2050 .
the club will appoint a head coach to look after the first team , with slade overseeing scouting among other duties .
beijing imported almost 524,000 barrels per day , a 35 % jump from the previous month .
security forces are still searching for the missing students , who were abducted by boko haram islamist militants on 14 april .
their medal followed samantha murray 's individual gold and the women 's team silver earlier in the week .
the man had left the medals on a work surface to clean before leaving his home in wootton park , bristol , only to find on his return that they had vanished .
media playback is not supported on this device
the scottish fishermen 's federation -lrb- sff -rrb- had taken a neutral stance before the 23 june referendum .
the announcement comes days after russia and turkey negotiated a ceasefire in syria which is largely holding , according to the un .
the region 's number of under 15s taking alcohol remains above the national average , according to the highland alcohol and drugs partnership .
the energy firm reported a 24 % drop in pre - tax profits for 2016 to # 172 m - much of that explained by the weak oil drilling and refining markets in the united states .
but how does today 's technology compare with that from 30 years ago ?
all the goals came during the second half at a packed monrovia stadium with state president ellen johnson sirleaf among those who saw mitis mulbah score twice and benjamin sarkoh once .
a fire crew had been called to an out - of - control bonfire with gas canisters in it , at a park opposite southview on thursday night .
since making his first - class debut in 2014 , the 21-year - old has claimed 43 wickets in 15 matches .
the claim comes after extra fundraising powers for councils were outlined in last week 's government spending review .
the number of pedestrians and cyclists hurt in accidents fell by more than a third between 2012 and 2016 - but the rate was lower in 20 mph zones , the city council said .
on saturday , james brokenshire became the first secretary of state to attend a gaelic football match in northern ireland .
it is a direct quote from the man himself and reads : ` ` i leave an institution that has the potential to reach broad audiences across the uk and abroad , through its own programmes , partnerships and online . ''
in london , labour 's sadiq khan defeated conservative zac goldsmith to become mayor .
three games were held at newcastle united 's st james ' park and a dedicated fanzone was created at science central .
mourinho has been cleared of making discriminatory comments to carneiro , who has since left the club .
robert fidler built the house in salfords , in the surrey greenbelt , in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales .
salman ramadan abedi , 22 , detonated a homemade device in the foyer of manchester arena following an ariana grande concert on 22 may .
johnson made his film debut in the 1950s and featured in numerous films , alongside stars such as frank sinatra , laurence olivier and charlton heston .
nhs highland asked people to avoid the site last week , after 50 people fell ill with the sickness bug .
lorna waddell , 41 , of kelso , previously admitted obtaining nearly Â # 4,000 by fraud while working for provident financial management services ltd . .
the introduction of the fixed term parliaments act , however , means that even if she wants to , mrs may might not find it so easy .
colombia 's attorney general eduardo montealegre said the office was run by a criminal organisation that had intercepted emails from a farc rebel negotiator and the government .
melanie harris , 44 , emptied the bank account of 65-year - old ted carter , who had cerebral palsy , and used it for shopping trips and family presents .
the women in democracy caucus also wants extra support for women ams , and more women experts on tv and radio .
four days after the launch of the anti - corruption move , long queues continue outside atms as people try to exchange the 500 -lrb- $ 7 -rrb- and 1,000 notes .
monitor is looking into the financial sustainability of southend university hospital foundation trust ` ` on behalf of patients '' , the nhs regulator said .
the group , a mix of students and activists , were arrested while taking part in a protest two weeks ago against a new education bill .
police have just released pictures of the stolen items in an attempt to trace them .
returning officers were ordered to physically deliver paper copies of their constituency 's tallies to the counting centre in the capital .
25 may 2017 last updated at 07:00 bst
there is a 19 km -lrb- 12 mile -rrb- , two - lane dual carriage motorway that links ghana 's capital accra to the port city of tema .
a southbound volkswagen crafter van collided with a peugeot partner van on the a702 , just north of candymill road , near biggar , at 17:35 on thursday .
however , the report concluded there had been ` ` no overarching state conspiracy '' .
thomas baker , known as tommy , was found badly injured at stanley meat market in the old swan area of liverpool on 27 january .
the 8 ft guitar statue has been erected in east park , where he worked as an attendant before gaining musical fame working with david bowie in the 1970s .
he accused suliman gani in parliament of backing the militant group as he questioned sadiq khan 's judgement in sharing a platform with him .
flowers planted in gardens and allotments provide a valuable food source for bees across the year , according to research .
the 37-year - old spent two seasons at gresty road between 2006 and 2008 .
the group trotted through the streets after escaping from a local ranch , but were soon captured following an unlikely police chase .
camelia lupu was last seen leaving her home address in stalybridge at around 16:05 bst on wednesday 7 september .
isabelle and stanley larson from oxted , surrey , were burgled in october 2005 .
a television documentary and two radio productions took the top prizes in their categories for the bbc .
kerry reeves died two days after being shot in abingdon on 3 november .
the rev margaret mcphee made the comment at a carol service at st mary 's church , stalham in norfolk for stalham academy pupils on monday night .
the art of kremlinology has moved on since then .
former chester and kidderminster boss burr , 57 , joined the sandgrounders in september to replace andy bishop when they were second bottom .
the 32-year - old joined sale in 2011 and became the first moldova international to play in the premiership .
` ` qandeel baloch is an inspiration to those ladies who are treated badly and dominated by society .
visitors to the hebridean celtic festival will be able to use an app to trigger online information from items such as signs and posters on the site .
the video for you 're in love with a psycho sees band members dancing around a mental institution with presenter noel fielding and taboo actor stephen graham .
the move will see the supermarket open giraffe branches near to tesco stores as it seeks to create ` ` retail destinations '' for customers .
michael pepper , 67 , from glasgow , raped the woman on various occasions between 1986 and 2001 .
the team discovered a set of 12,000-year - old ice age stone tools while excavating rubha port an t - seilich , on islay in the inner hebrides .
after two rain - hit days , derbyshire added 75 runs to be bowled out for 275 , visiting skipper joe leach taking 4 - 50 .
police said they received a report of the fire at a property in castle mews at about 03:30 bst on saturday .
the woman , who has asked to remain anonymous , said it happened just before 20:00 bst on sunday .
relations with iran have been shaky since the islamic revolution in 1979 .
the scenery ranges from white sandy beaches with an abundance of marine life to dense jungle .
mayor john hamilton said the move would ` ` better reflect cultural sensitivity in the workplace '' , local media said .
michelle o'neill hosted a departmental breakfast at the balmoral show on thursday morning .
she will play denker , a lady 's maid to dame maggie smith 's character , the dowager countess of grantham .
it says berlin should consider raising the retirement age to that level by 2060 , from around 65 at the moment .
ireland team manager mick kearney said that the irish are adopting a ` ` wait and see '' attitude over centre payne 's recovery from a hamstring injury .
the 61-year - old joined the canaries from atlanta united in december 2016 .
it is alleged mark h durkan adopted the belfast metropolitan area plan -lrb- bmap -rrb- without telling executive colleagues .
they inspected how well forces treat the public , ensure staff work ethically and lawfully , and how they look after their workforce .
the men , along with a fifth man , were caught after firearms , ammunition and cocaine were found in a car arriving at folkestone from calais in january 2012 .
south african firm famous brands signed a # 120 m deal to buy the chain from nando 's owner , capricorn ventures .
` ` we do not have plans to develop a successor reader model at this time , '' the japanese firm told the bbc .
the lord chief justice said a failure to do so could frustrate the rule of law .
the plant was connected to the grid on tuesday , press trust of india reported .
it seems like only yesterday that the garages were locked and helmets hung up , as the sport emerges from one of the shortest winter breaks in its history .
the family of joseph mulhern , who was shot by the ira in 1993 , believe his death will feature in the inquiry , but they are bitterly divided over whether or not it should even take place .
robinson , 21 , who previously had two loan spells at the lilywhites , turned down a new deal with villa and joins for an undisclosed compensation fee .
it found children from deprived backgrounds were twice as likely to face police action than better - off children who commit the same crime .
sky mobile will offer flexible monthly payment plans and the ability to roll over unused data each month for up to three years .
he was involved in an accident while providing medical cover at a skerries 100 practice session , the motorcycle union of ireland said .
the government wants some households to pay more to raise money for education , and finance secretary derek mackay gave evidence to committee backing the plan .
forty workers have been made redundant at nelson packaging 's factory in lancashire .
the vital vote focused on the proposed # 140 m plan - backed by # 50 m from businessman sir ian wood - to transform the historic union terrace gardens .
the man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to intercept voicemail messages and attempting to pervert the course of justice .
it was taken to the castle in a procession led by a giant king john figure .
the spanish 14-time grand slam champion has played in the wimbledon warm - up event on six previous occasions , winning the title in 2008 .
the ministry of information said it has ` ` successfully jammed the signals '' of the station .
theme park bosses were informed of the accident on tuesday at 13:57 bst but ambulance crews said the 999 call was not made until 14:08 .
margaret rhodes said the monarch , who holidays at sandringham in norfolk , can imitate the distinctive local brogue ` ` beautifully '' .
connolly settled a tight first meeting between the clubs with his first goal since returning for a second spell with the red devils .
up to 40 mm -lrb- 1.5 in -rrb- could fall , with a yellow be aware warning in place until 22:00 bst .
in august , scott initiated the investigation into a ` ` disappointing '' olympic campaign that produced three medals from a target of five to seven .
as part of a three - year package , london and manchester will also host legs of the world grand prix series in 2017 and 2018 respectively .
citizens advice scotland said the number of employment cases it had seen had risen by 12 % in the last four years and was now at its highest level .
30 may 2017 last updated at 08:04 bst
former organiser the british heart foundation announced last week it was pulling out due to the Â # 40,000 event no longer being viable .
strikes planned for christmas were suspended after the new offer was made but members rejected it by 7 - 1 .
josh hadfield , 10 , from frome in somerset , developed narcolepsy after receiving the pandemrix vaccine six years ago .
such is the case with american swimmer dana vollmer , who claimed her seventh olympic medal in rio last year .
the 19-year - old left - back made his debut for the bees in april and has made a total of five appearances .
the adaptation will be based on the critically - acclaimed first book in the noughts and crosses series , set in a dystopian society where black people are the ruling class .
the book was compiled by the fleet 's senior medical officer as a ninth birthday gift to his son in 1943 .
her best - known films include 1938 's quai des brumes -lrb- port of shadows -rrb- , in which she starred alongside jean gabin .
the move is part of police scotland 's cost - cutting plan to centralise control rooms .
the product will offer teachers new ways to use the world - building video game in a range of subjects .
earlier today george osborne said he had no plans to do so - but he refused to completely rule out the move .
for most of us history , party nominees have been decided by political power brokers and deal - makers behind closed doors .
the australian open semi - finalist joins heather watson , victoria azarenka and caroline wozniacki in the draw .
in that time , the technology developed here has changed india immensely .
the frenchman 's agent was reported to have said he is ` ` studying '' an option for his client to move to sevilla .
north wales police had warned supporters to behave at the racecourse and later confirmed there were no arrests at the match which ended 0 - 0 .
the 28-year - old centre - back spent a spell on the sidelines with a similar problem last season .
although gillian mccusker had fallen out with rachel and nyomi fee just before the two - year - old 's death she had been very close friends with the pair .
media playback is not supported on this device
a health tribunal has found peter sutcliffe no longer needs any treatment for any mental disorder .
on board were 200 men and women from the united states intent on building a colony on the caribbean island .
the six - month project at havelock europa is expected to ` ` follow the wealth '' , where market opportunities arise in the uk and globally .
media playback is not supported on this device
american billionaire michael eisner will address fans on thursday with details of his # 5.67 m offer for 100 % of the promoted league two club .
actor julian lewis jones , bangor - born star of tv sitcom stella , was among the team which pulled the 6 ft -lrb- 2 m -rrb- mako out of the water near milford haven .
the unhcr said forced returns had ` ` continued unabated '' despite an agreement earlier this month .
judge thokozile masipa did the same for the lawyers on thursday , urging them to make good use of the upcoming fortnight break for the easter holidays .
the unrest began when drivers erected barricades in a protest against harassment and roadblocks by police demanding bribes .
the officer said he found the black animal toy wearing an officer 's shirt at a police station in central london .
media playback is not supported on this device
on sunday , the revolutionary guard in tehran held a funeral for two of its men killed in action in syria , the latest of dozens in recent weeks .
forecasts were for quarterly growth of between 0.5 % and 0.7 % .
plans were approved for coastal oil and gas limited to drill in a field at st nicholas .
crews were called to the blaze at a building in stewartville street , in partick , at about 12:15 .
his lawyer brian webber told the afp news agency that a decision over his early release has been referred back to the parole board .
relatives say they have evidence that she was murdered as part of a policy of deliberately killing journalists .
the animal , nicknamed menai , was discovered at tan - y - foel close to anglesey sea zoo a month ago .
environment minister zhou shengxian said conflict between development and nature had never been so serious .
mps on the public accounts committee accused them of making corporate taxable income ` ` vanish into thin air '' .
abbott is expected to make his debut when the north group quarter - final hopefuls play twice in two days away to durham , then at home to derbyshire .
barry gardiner said he would ask the audit office to investigate revelations by the bbc spotlight programme about invest ni 's belfast headquarters .
it said a detailed , time - bound plan for implementation should be outlined as the move could improve safety and efficiency .
carmarthen west and south pembrokeshire mp simon hart says ` ` absolute clarity and absolute accountability '' is needed .
the nation 's athletes thrilled the country by winning 65 medals , including 29 golds .
goals from robert wurube and james moga helped south sudan complete a 4 - 1 overall victory in the central eastern zone qualifier to set up a meeting with uganda in the next round .
police have confirmed the deaths of four people .
the 23-year - old back will leave bristol at the end of the season in may .
divers found the juvenile 's bones by chance in a vast , flooded limestone chamber on the yucatan peninsula .
homosexual acts are illegal in the east african nation and punishable by up to 30 years in jail .
first , the oil major is preparing for a low oil price for the foreseeable future , saying that it is working towards a ` ` financial frame '' by 2017 that assumes a price of $ 60 a barrel .
the england opener hit nine sixes and nine fours to take notts to 106 - 0 off the first six overs at trent bridge .
but analysts say high european gas stocks will limit the turbulence .
the technology is being trialled at new york red bulls ' stadium , with a video assistant referee taking 30 seconds to review a challenge in a red bulls ii match against orlando city .
sri lanka made 248 - 9 after half - centuries from kusal mendis -lrb- 53 -rrb- , dinesh chandimal -lrb- 62 -rrb- and captain angelo mathews -lrb- 56 -rrb- , as liam plunkett took 3 - 46 .
` ` it is not a symbol , but it was a message , '' shasta county sheriff tom bosenko said of 34-year - old mother - of - two sherri papini 's injuries .
when we arrived in darkness all was calm and quiet .
the private service is at althorp house in northamptonshire on saturday , which would have been her 56th birthday .
bedene , ranked 51 places below coric at 109 in the world , won 7 - 5 4 - 6 6 - 1 and goes on to face german fourth seed alexander zverev in the last 16 .
it 's part of attempts to streamline operations at the new guangzhou - shenzhen - hong kong express rail link , which will open next year , costing just under $ 11bn -lrb- Â # 8.45 bn -rrb- .
ali assadalla scored a superb goal after 32 minutes , as he dribbled past several players prior to a calm finish .
the result means the senegalese join zambia as the only african sides in the round of 16 .
` ` it was very professional , but it was also emotional , '' he said .
lt col lucy giles , 46 , will be at the helm at new college to help prepare young british army officers for their chosen regiments .
the us economy added 215,000 jobs in july , while the unemployment rate held at a seven - year - low of 5.3 % .
the rhinos have been training across the city of leeds since the river aire burst its banks at christmas .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- suspended russia from the rio games starting on 7 september because of state - sponsored doping .
after the problems last week , many doubt the system will cope .
djokovic won 6 - 3 7 - 5 in a largely commanding performance .
the 19-year - old has been with the shakers since 2013 and scored two goals in 14 appearances last season .
the home side had an alfredo morelos goal disallowed and saw bruno alves ' header cleared off the line .
emergency services were called to the scene at main road , where the a78 largs to seamill road was closed to traffic .
they went in front on eight minutes when a superb lloyd james free - kick was headed back across goal and jordan moore - taylor poked home the loose ball from close range .
the wager on murray - the competition 's 5/2 second favourite , behind novak djokovic - would net a # 175,000 return , including the stake .
joanna michael , 25 , from st mellons , cardiff , rang 999 twice before cyron williams stabbed her to death in 2009 .
cardinals held prayers and swore oaths of secrecy at their first meeting , held by the college of cardinals .
the study , published on the british medical journal website , showed that the failure rate could be cut in half .
the teenager was taken to southmead hospital with knife wounds , but died of his injuries .
the labour politicians , representing leeds , manchester , newcastle , sheffield and liverpool , say northern motorways are reaching ` ` saturation point '' .
the paris st - germain striker scored twice against portugal on tuesday but cristiano ronaldo 's hat - trick took his side through 4 - 2 on aggregate .
media playback is not supported on this device
it started life as castle donington airfield - a decommissioned raf base , and now handles 4.5 m passengers a year .
alex mckechnie , then 16 , was in the crowd for that first show and went on to be a regular at the club :
the trip includes a birthday barbeque in western australia for the heir to the british throne , who is turning 67 .
my confusion stems from the proposals for tax , benefit and economic reform submitted by the greek government to secure , at the very last minute of the last hour , a deal from their creditors to avoid tumbling out of the euro .
the 43-year - old scored over 24,000 runs during 12 seasons at hove , and helping them win three county championship titles and four limited - overs trophies .
ex - labour press chief alastair campbell and mp simon hughes have also settled with news group newspapers -lrb- ngn -rrb- , which published the news of the world .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
harper lee 's classic was published 50 years ago this summer and it remains the only novel she ever wrote .
forensic expert susan williamson was giving evidence at the trial of william burns and alexander porter , who deny attacking russell findlay .
such investments should be registered in the same way as securities sales , according to the securities and exchange commission -lrb- sec -rrb- .
martin will replace bruce anstey in the team , who won last year 's race .
gp practices are being paid to help local nhs groups limit the number of patient referrals and cut costs , the doctors ' magazine pulse found .
the watchdogs , which have been going for 40 years , want higher profiles as bodies which can raise concerns about the nhs when things go wrong .
john lamont quit the ettrick , roxburgh and berwickshire constituency seat to fight for a place at westminster , hoping to unseat the snp 's calum kerr .
people currently get antiretroviral therapy only when their white blood cell levels drop .
at its peak more than 40 firefighters tackled the blaze in albion terrace , which started at about 08:10 bst .
that is the unusual sporting journey sophie hitchon , 25 , has made on her way to competing in her second olympics , in rio , this summer .
david jordan , 44 , from cavanalinn in pomeroy , county tyrone , is accused of the bomb attack on the officer in castlederg in may 2008 .
there are currently five drop - in clinics in england for victims of the practice , which affects an estimated 200 million women and girls worldwide .
underlying pre - tax profits in the year to 30 april rose to Â # 447 m from Â # 381 m a year earlier .
the reconstruction of the event 66 million years ago was made possible by drilling into the remnant bowl and analysing its rocks .
the dow jones industrial average lost 20 points to end at 20,914.62 , while the broader s&p 500 index dipped by just three points to finish at 2,378.23 .
the second round of group games include must - win matches for england , against uruguay , and spain , who face chile , after both teams suffered defeats in their opening fixtures .
media playback is not supported on this device
the woman , who wished to remain anonymous , said she was ` ` swept off my feet '' when she was contacted by a man she believed to be in turkey .
it is hoped it will help recognise the ` ` vital role '' of those educating and caring for children aged up to seven .
according to the times , the flyer offered ` ` free legal support '' .
gareth benbow , 33 , of inverness , was accused of having a vendetta against raigmore hospital in inverness .
the concerns came amid sportscotland plans to reduce sport funding in scotland by 20 % .
russian state tv has been suggesting - somewhat gleefully - that such products could be banned in retaliation for the eu extending economic sanctions against russia .
anne marie waters , a former labour activist and founder of the sharia watch pressure group , has previously called islam ` ` evil '' .
thousands of sufferers and their dependants will be able to get damages from a # 350 m pot over the next decade .
mcbryde leads wales against samoa and tonga this summer in the absence of warren gatland and rob howley , who coach the lions in new zealand .
in a video posted online by a christian group , angus t jones said he no longer wanted to take part .
rory gallagher 's side have recovered from the disappointment of their heavy ulster semi - final defeat to tyrone with narrow wins over longford and meath .
the pri is set to win about 30 % , with the conservative national action party on about 22 % , said the head of the national electoral institute .
the teenager was pronounced dead at the scene , following the crash in new malden at about 08:30 gmt .
the finding was one of the takeaways from a us central bank survey of more than 6,640 adults published on friday .
daniel bebb - jones , 23 , was arrested by anti - terror police near an army reserve centre on sunday night in possession of knives and an axe .
anders behring breivik complained in a letter to the prison service that his coffee is served cold , he does not have enough butter for his bread , and he is not allowed moisturiser .
the attack was discovered on wednesday , and made public on saturday .
costco store manager roger cooper , 41 , and ex - soldier david cooper , 39 , both deny killing sameena imam , 34 .
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's son is the first member of the uk royal family to have his first birthday marked by a new coin .
volunteers from the national museum of computing at bletchley park used ebay to track down the keyboard of the lorenz machine .
hillingdon council 's leader said it would provide funding to challenge it for ` ` however long it takes to win this battle '' .
iran international ghoochannejhad , 28 , scored five goals in 42 appearances after joining the addicks in 2014 .
anton levin , from dagenham , was stabbed at a house in southend in november 2014 .
ann maguire , 61 , was stabbed to death by a 15-year - old pupil at corpus christi catholic college in leeds in april .
media playback is not supported on this device
the raids came a day after it emerged a frenchman was being held by police investigating the murder of three people at the brussels jewish museum .
the idea forms part of labour 's women 's manifesto , which has been released as a separate document to the party 's main pledges .
media playback is not supported on this device
city were cruising when fernandinho followed up david silva 's opener with a fine curling shot .
the unnamed man was one of 16 people arrested in raids on sunday .
moses , 24 , has not played a competitive game for chelsea since jose mourinho returned as coach two years ago .
cheap miniature versions of the unmanned aircraft used by the military could fall into the wrong hands , he told the uk 's guardian newspaper .
the collision , which involved a silver porsche and a grey toyota hilux , happened on the b976 birse to finzean road at 19:12 on saturday .
the dow jones was up 16.5 points to 18,533 , the s&p 500 gained 5.15 points to 2,166.8 , while the nasdaq rose 26.1 to 5055.7 points .
jockey sean levey came with a late rally to score on the richard hannon - trained colt by half a length .
william porterfield completed his 16th ireland century as they added 73 runs before declaring on 240 - 7 to leave the dutch needing an unlikely 343 to win .
police were called to reports of an explosion at the village pharmacy building on main street , cumbernauld , at about 01:05 on wednesday .
the british - brazilian duo were beaten by south africa 's raven klaasen and american rajeev ram 6 - 1 6 - 4 in an hour at the o2 arena in london .
the czech world number 233 edged estonia 's 99th - ranked kontaveit - who beat britain 's heather watson in the first round - 6 - 4 7 - 6 -lrb- 8 - 6 -rrb- .
emergency services found a mini had crashed head - on with a volvo in buxton road , hazel grove , at about 16:00 bst on sunday , police said .
comedian jeremy hardy , himself banned , suggested labour was ` ` rigging the election '' to stop jeremy corbyn .
benjamin netanyahu 's statement came after an emergency meeting of his cabinet and security chiefs .
former manchester city and liverpool striker balotelli , 26 , protested at his treatment in a social media post .
on thursday , the bank stunned the markets by keeping interest rates on hold , following speculation that it would cut rates from 0.5 % to 0.25 % .
margaret henderson - mccarroll pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of eddie girvan , 67 , on the grounds of diminished responsibility in may .
people poured out of offices in the city centre after an evacuation warning sounded .
archie darby died on 13 october after being attacked by a staffordshire bull terrier - type dog in harwich road , colchester .
oliver whiting , 37 , of eastbourne , took the photos from social media accounts .
it has filed to sell up to $ 24.3 bn -lrb- # 15bn -rrb- stock , which would make it the biggest technology listing in the us .
scientists trying to understand the rise of antibiotic resistance , considered by some to be the great health threat of our time , believe they could provide clues to the mechanisms behind its spread .
he spoke at the inauguration of the palestinian embassy to the holy see , after meeting pope francis .
steve finnigan said the county faced the harshest budget cuts in england , which could potentially see the force becoming a ` ` blue light '' service , responding to emergencies only .
midfielder jeff hendrick has been ruled out because of a shoulder problem and has returned to his club derby county .
president mourad boudjellal emailed premiership bosses proposing the move from the top 14 , which a spokesman said they would consider .
the victim suffered serious injuries - believed to be stab wounds - after he was attacked at a house in auld coal grove , bonnyrigg , at about 16:00 on tuesday .
bloemfontein joins beijing and lisbon in being suspended from carrying out any wada - related anti - doping activities , while moscow 's lab had its accreditation revoked in april .
camden glass , part of the camden group , has started a 30-day consultation with staff on the closure of its factory in benburb , according to unite .
there was a fancy dress theme of ` ` pirates and princesses '' for the 44th boxing day swim from north beach .
20 may 2016 last updated at 12:40 bst
det ch supt lesley boal said police scotland officers were investigating a historical complaint - but did not confirm a name .
the planned voluntary rules would cover ` ` integrated electronic devices , including mobile phones '' .
police said that the woman had been attacked after she accepted a lift by three men in a truck in manali , a resort town in the state .
at least 60 people were injured when iraqi troops drove back thousands of mainly shia muslims protesting against corruption and security failures .
mae ' r asgellwr steff evans yn rhydd i chwarae wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu ' r gwaharddiad .
the tech companies will help design the subsea cable which will run between virginia in the us and bilbao , spain .
moises henriques hit 18 runs as the sixers scored 22 in their extra over , while the heat made 15 in reply .
the shanghai composite benchmark ended 2.2 % higher at 4,121.71 .
the man was airlifted to royal stoke university hospital in staffordshire after the collision on an unnamed road in tanlan , ffynnongroyw on monday .
the london trio are up for best uk act and best album , as well as getting two nominations in the best song category .
the actor is due to star in a fifth indiana jones film , which will be released in 2019 .
both teams remain in the bottom three after drawing 1 - 1 in the tyne - wear derby , with aleksandar mitrovic 's late header earning newcastle a point .
an isi official told the bbc the compound in abbottabad where bin laden was killed by us forces on sunday had been raided several years ago .
owen and karl oyston are seeking Â # 150,000 damages from the back henry street website .
he told the chair of the commons home affairs committee , keith vaz , that he knew the total so far , but was not prepared to give a ` ` running commentary '' on refugee numbers .
stirling -lrb- 112 -rrb- and morgan -lrb- 103 not out -rrb- added 214 for the third wicket as middlesex chased down 239 with ease .
shopper cornelius price , 40 , threw the six - pint bottle in a temper , llandrindod wells magistrates ' court heard .
in a statement , the us said it was an ` ` extra - judicial release '' of detainees that would be ` ` a major step backwards '' .
jonathan forte hit the post for the visitors , who are six points above the bottom four , before tareiq holmes - dennis sent an effort wide .
the body , believed to be that of victoria cherry , 44 , of fulwood , lancashire , was found by greater manchester police at a house in toronto street , bolton , on monday .
the 28-year - old was out of contract at the iron , who he captained to the play - off semi - final this season , where they lost to eventually - promoted grimsby .
a trailer was taken from burton 's foods ltd on ty coch way , cwmbran , torfaen on 17 june .
christopher meli , 20 , was found dead near houses at glasvey close .
the incident happened near dr gray 's hospital shortly after 10:00 .
the 33-year - old , who won the champions league with inter milan in 2010 , was a free agent after leaving galatasaray at the end of last season .
the constitutional court will now decide whether he has violated the constitution and can be dismissed .
sally shalloe , 51 , of attenborough , nottinghamshire , died when her bicycle was hit by david staley 's motorbike in middleton boulevard in april last year .
saturday 's anti - fascist march in brighton was held on the same day that a great skinhead reunion also took place on the seafront .
the ifg says legislation will be needed to establish new policies on areas such as customs and immigration .
alberto paloschi gave the visitors the lead after angel rangel 's shot fell to him via team - mate jack cork .
the game starts at 14:30 bst , followed by hosts wales against italy at 16:30 , with the wembley semi - finals on 23 november at 13:00 and 15:30 .
the day before saw a strike ballot on career progression with the part - time night tube drivers and a dispute over a ` ` breakdown in industrial relations '' with maintenance workers .
russia 's plan for ` ` de - escalation '' zones was backed by iran at talks in kazakhstan .
the company 's management team says the internet means that pornographic magazines are no longer commercially viable .
the Â # 230 m development consists of 11 wind turbines .
the Â # 22 m road bridge linking danestone and tillydrone is aimed at easing congestion in the north of the city .
you can contact your local police , who are the only people with the proper powers to assess criminal allegations .
saturday 's flyby swept the probe into an orbit that takes it in between the planet 's rings and its atmosphere .
` ` it gives me a lot of confidence and a lot of good friends , '' says one of the players on a five - a - side football pitch in the north of glasgow .
police raided 43-year - old john nicholson 's dundee home in february following a tip - off .
swansea university 's dr neil loader and emeritus prof alayne street - perrott , are among a team who have found ancient earthworks , possibly 2,000 years old .
adam king struck either side of the break in the 2 - 0 win over reading at liberty stadium .
media playback is not supported on this device
the men included lawyer and ex - cardiff city chief executive alan whiteley , and former celtic energy directors richard walters and leighton humphreys .
rangers took an early lead but the edinburgh side hit back for a 3 - 2 victory , with the hosts reduced to 10 men before half - time .
the 32-year - old has agreed a two - year contract with the rams and is the first signing by manager gary rowett .
cambridge university press is analysing media coverage during brazil 2014 and scoring ` confidence levels ' out of 100 .
if so , the oxford university museum of natural history might have just the utahraptor for you .
the police say mr bach is being treated as a witness , not a suspect .
crofters have been working with perth - based kilmac construction on the glen ullinish wind farm .
it will add more than 100 titles to steam 's online store and streaming service , including the hunger games , twilight , and saw franchises .
allsop , 25 , made his premier league debut in november 2015 and has spent time on loan at coventry and wycombe .
the anthony 's chain of food outlets included restaurants in the city 's corn exchange building and a patisserie in the victoria quarter .
mrs morgan has launched a consultation to replace a system she says is ` ` outdated , inefficient and unfair '' .
shadow home secretary diane abbott said mrs may , who was home secretary before becoming pm , had allowed officer numbers to fall in recent years .
darya klishina , 25 , initially escaped a blanket ban on russia 's athletes for doping by governing body the iaaf , but her eligibility was revoked following new , but unspecified , information .
media playback is not supported on this device
asghar buksh , 55 , repeatedly struck mother - of - six nasreen buksh over the head with a heavy blunt object which has never been found .
anthony tavernor has been restoring plas cadnant hidden gardens , near menai bridge , on anglesey for 20 years , describing it as his life 's project .
the genome sequence from a thigh bone found in siberia shows the first episode of mixing occurred between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago .
part of ysgol glan clwyd in saint asaph will be demolished in november , with new classrooms , assembly , music , drama and dining areas created .
they last for three months , which is long enough to sap the finances of the political parties and the energy of voters , battered by a never - ending string of cheap shots in cheap internet videos .
the harmless reptile was found inside the vehicle after it was dropped off at a yard on march 8 and rescued by animal collection officer ellie west .
the 25-year - old has made three appearances since joining the german bundesliga side on a three - year deal last summer .
the naked man was spotted outside his hotel on chorlton street , at about 04:30 bst .
reports say the blast may have been caused by a letter bomb .
the 22-year - old fractured her neck and back , dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc in her neck after colliding with elis ligtlee during the omnium final .
the 23-year - old joined real at the age of 14 and was part of their champions league - winning squads in 2014 and 2016 .
but the charge was reduced to a misdemeanour , and he received a one - year suspended prison sentence , escaping a longer term .
the home side went in at half - time a goal to the good after bradley dack headed home a paul konchesky cross .
the 85 children had to eat peanut protein every day - initially in small doses , but ramped up during the study .
two former welsh secretaries , lord peter hain and paul murphy , want to change the law to ensure all candidates are on the wales electoral register .
the shows will be filmed in early june at westminster 's central hall , around 18 miles from where the actor , tv host and hillingdon native was born in 1978 .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- applied them in 1989 , after fears two firms , taken over by firstgroup in 1996 , could have too strong a bargaining position with the council .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 58-year - old school principal from dublin won 144 out of a possible 278 votes and was 98 ahead of his nearest rivals sean walsh and frank burke .
carlos ghosn said there was a need to build a ` ` much higher awareness '' of the company 's products in brazil .
lawyers for environment secretary caroline spelman made the admission following action by clientearth .
alexis scott , 39 , tricked people into thinking they had too much cash on them as they boarded flights in april 2013 .
guineans are expected to celebrate the landmark with concerts and fireworks .
` ` this is where it all happens , '' says the star , who has scored more number one singles -lrb- seven -rrb- than any other british artist this decade , as he welcomes the bbc to his studio .
the staff were hired for the launch of the 24-hour underground service which was was originally scheduled for september .
emergency teams are searching for another 15 people who are missing .
the 40-year - old 14-time major champion twice had back surgery during 15 months out before returning in december , when he tied for 15th at the 17-man hero world challenge .
last week , the 31-year - old brighton midfielder was named in the wales squad for their upcoming friendlies , over two years after his last call - up .
craig stillwell and carla andrews 's baby girl effie was taken away from them for almost eight months .
but the news so far has been bigger - and worse - than they can possibly have imagined .
brian buckle of fishguard was convicted of child sex abuse in the 1990s , when his victim was aged between eight and 10-years - old .
liam mcgerrigan , 27 , from the city , was pronounced dead at the scene after officers were called to holyhead road at about 22:10 bst on thursday .
the plastic moulded figures , rebranded from the us gi joe version , made their debut in the uk at the british toy fair in brighton , in january 1966 , after a toy executive realised their market potential .
the 24-year - old tunisia international , who initially joined lille on a season - long loan last summer , has agreed a three - year contract with les dogues .
highways england say the Â # 6 m layout changes on the posthouse roundabout proved more difficult than anticipated .
the executive office said the move was made ` ` to enable doctors to conduct a medical assessment '' .
the views were expressed following a meeting of the eu negotiation joint ministerial committee in london .
the incident happened at the junction of holburn street and holburn road at about 03:00 .
except that it 's not your conventional image of what a lecture might look like .
there are 67 items in total , including a dalek from 1966 , and a cyberman from the show 's 19th series .
the 29-year - old , who carded a round of 59 in january , began the final round with a four - stroke lead .
grant ward 's scuffed shot put town ahead before luke varney rolled the ball into an empty net after qpr keeper alex smithies miscued a clearance .
suzanne evans told the bbc that the panel that gave the ruling was ` ` committed to staying in '' the eu .
3 march 2017 last updated at 09:09 gmt
the levada centre surveys political opinion among russian people .
a report urges european aviation safety officials to take immediate action to ensure super puma h225 helicopters are safe .
on that sunday morning , on 27 november 1994 , celtic awaited but also the sense that a side assembled from youth players and journeymen could achieve something remarkable .
when you consider it 's been 34 years since britain has got this far , beating a team as strong as france to reach the semis is a great achievement for everybody involved .
the bank had no firewall and used second - hand routers that cost $ 10 to connect to global financial networks .
but in april - before the eu referendum - the then home secretary gave a speech warning of the implications of a vote to leave the eu .
the plans resolve a concussion lawsuit filed against the federation by parents but us soccer said it had planned to introduce a new safety campaign .
declan paul butcher from roe park court committed the ` single punch ' assaults on market street in limavady on 2 october 2014 .
on tuesday mr obama cancelled planned talks after the firebrand mr duterte called him the ` ` son of a whore '' .
the car tried to crash through the barriers at place de la concorde , and police opened fire as it sped away .
the port of grangemouth container terminal is being resurfaced under a Â # 1.5 m investment programme by owners forth ports .
9 may 2017 last updated at 16:05 bst
the currency initially slipped against the dollar and euro , only to start recovering in mid - afternoon trading before falling again .
wigan followed up warrington 's win over brisbane to secure a first world club series victory for the northern hemisphere over australia 's nrl .
the scooter danny glass was riding on with sophie emma rose anderson collided with a truck in phuket on 8 may .
the assault took place at north high street , musselburgh , between 19:15 and 19:40 on saturday .
archaeologists working with the ministry of defence , which is building hundreds of military homes at larkhill , made the discovery .
the actor was charged with culpable homicide in mumbai for the september 2002 incident .
the blaze at wythenshawe hall , which broke out at about 03:30 gmt , destroyed the roof and caused extensive damage to an upper floor .
glass butter beach was supposed to run from friday to sunday at abersoch , gwynedd .
tries from dan leavy and luke mcgrath - either side of a brilliant breakaway by the blues ' tomos williams - put the hosts 14 - 7 ahead at half - time .
ian paterson , 59 , who appeared at the court of appeal via video link , was told his current sentence was ` ` not sufficient '' to reflect the seriousness and the totality of his offending .
the 22 humans who live on aoshima , off ehime prefecture , are greatly outnumbered by a population of over 120 cats .
the remains of the creatures were unearthed in south west china and are about 190 million years old .
she and her volunteers drive in an orange and yellow van with the words : ` ` hunger knows no barriers '' printed on the side .
it follows a decision by the city 's three further education colleges to join a national pay bargaining system .
blackrock director jonathan paul burrows was caught by inspectors at cannon street station last year and admitted to avoiding the # 21.50 fare from stonegate in east sussex .
two were picked up by a coastguard helicopter high up on the 3,196 ft -lrb- 974 metre -rrb- munro .
the us military says a strike targeting taliban in the northern city of kunduz may have caused ` ` collateral damage '' .
dr rose polge , 25 , who worked at torbay hospital in devon , was found off portland bill , dorset , in april .
arlene , who was 15 and from castlederg in county tyrone , went missing after a night out in county donegal in 1994 .
the hosts lost opener chris dent for a duck in the fourth over and gareth roderick -lrb- 23 -rrb- shortly after .
four people were badly injured when a carriage on the smiler ride hit an empty one on 2 june .
the search giant 's all - important advertising revenue was also up 11 % , to $ 16bn .
inciting people to harass others online , known as virtual mobbing , could also result in court action , under new crown prosecution service guidance .
he was also being assessed for post - traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- .
wakaa the musical follows the fate of a group of young graduates as they begin to find their way in the world .
the 26-year - old algeria international has only started two premier league games this term with a further two starts in a total of 13 appearances .
named after japanese sword - smith muramasa sengo , the guernsey - born musician comes armed with deft beats , exotic instrumentation and heartbreaking lyrics .
john swinney will address msps over a legal challenge to information sharing proposals within the act .
yet the sophisticated image of the grand national is far removed from the images in newspapers the day after of women falling over , or with underwear showing after being caught by gusts of wind .
buttler reached three figures in 46 balls , beating the 61-ball hundred he made against sri lanka in may 2014 .
after the mansion 's contents were removed and charred timbers were carefully lifted out by crane , an archaeological salvage operation got under way which will continue until the spring .
revenues rose 18 % to # 1.55 bn last year , with underlying operating profit jumping 44 % to # 330 m .
this year 's award was won jointly by ellen johnson sirleaf , the president of liberia , leymah gbowee , the liberian peace activist , and yemeni pro - democracy campaigner tawakkol karman .
his 1965 track tears was the third biggest - selling single of the decade , according to a newly compiled chart .
galloway also missed the end of last season , having ruptured the achilles tendon in his other leg .
margaret stewart admitted stealing from her employer ivanhoe cambridge , which used to own glasgow 's st enoch centre .
russell goodway told bbc radio wales that councillors and officials were the ` ` experts '' and should ` ` seriously develop '' a set of proposals .
police scotland 's dog branch and air support unit have been deployed in the irvine area in an effort to trace gordon speirs .
the curriculum for excellence , which has been four years in the making , aims to give teachers more freedom and make lessons less prescriptive .
the privy at brodsworth hall , near doncaster , south yorkshire , was originally built in the 1860s .
mr roache , who is secretary of the union 's yorkshire region , won 56.7 % of the vote , while the only other candidate , paul mccarthy , from the north west region , had 43.3 % .
the 38-year - old spinner skippered the side to the division two title in 2015 .
the line from llandudno junction , conwy , and blaenau ffestiniog , gwynedd , was shut after water reached platform level at north llanrwst station .
sadiq khan claimed expanding the west sussex airport was ` ` the only option that can actually be delivered '' .
former mk dons midfielder carl baker rescued a point for pompey with a debut goal to cancel out reggie lambe 's opener for the cumbrians , who had jamie devitt sent off before half - time .
they have since been released but will be charged with public order offences .
pm viktor orban said hungary would not allow migrants to leave its territory without registering .
ricky miller ended a run of two games without a goal with a penalty in the 26th minute , sending liam roberts the wrong way after his own trickery in the box drew the foul from chester 's matthew waters .
emergency services were called at 11:44 bst to reports a boat carrying a father , his teenage daughter and her two friends had capsized .
fighting lasted for several hours near the city of mazar - e sharif in northern balkh province .
gisela stuart , who chairs the group , said promising to control numbers and then failing to do so was ` ` corrosive '' of public trust in politicians .
the conference , organised by mankind initiative and held at the keepmoat stadium , was chaired by former abuse victim ian mcnicholl .
he said the uk government would make a recommendation to the british people on which way to vote in the referendum .
the fallout from his comrades is unprecedented .
it is estimated that we receive a staggering three billion cold calls from telemarketing companies a year .
the cockpit voice recorder from the accident off shetland in 2013 , in which four people died , was recovered by the air accidents investigation branch .
petersen was still there at the close on 105 , with captain steven croft on 34 , as the division one leaders ground out 298 - 3 from 96 overs in the day .
a member of the public raised the alarm after seeing the woman , aged in her 50s , fall at peveril point , near swanage , on saturday afternoon .
the alarm was raised at about midnight on thursday when the men became stranded after their boat lost engine power .
the computer program , which is inspired by the human brain , learned how to play 49 classic atari games .
4 february 2014 last updated at 06:29 gmt
he will address supporters from his campaign headquarters , in what an aide described as a fight - back .
many mps are spending a lot of time in their constituencies preparing to contest the most closely - fought and unpredictable election in decades .
media playback is not supported on this device
elections are being held in 27 english county councils and seven unitary authorities , last contested in 2009 , as well as in anglesey in wales .
north wales police added that from those tests , 60 arrests were made .
media playback is not supported on this device
unconfirmed media reports say that chinese troops have entered what india says is its territory near the disputed border .
officers were contacted with reports of a man seen in colchester , thought to resemble one of the offenders involved in the attempted abduction in norfolk .
charteris left newport gwent dragons for perpignan in 2012 and then signed for racing 92 in 2014 .
the captain , who retired hurt on 60 with a back problem on the first day in adelaide , returned to make 128 .
more than 90 others were wounded .
the 20-year - old striker was sent off by mike jones in blues ' 2 - 0 win on saturday .
richard mcauley , 42 , from townhill road in portglenone pleaded guilty to the murder of denise dunlop , aged 32 .
bohn , ranked world number 71 , had chest pains following the second round and called for a medic .
james purnell said it would increase non - payment and cost the bbc # 200 m .
some of these traditions have been going on since victorian times , while others are relatively recent creations .
the first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the royal prerogative to create the role for former bbc journalist david gordon .
some 1,500 officers have been deployed to the olympic stadium area , authorities have said .
follow us on facebook , on twitter @bbcnewsents , or on instagram at bbcnewsents .
two of the songs come from the don quixote musical man of la mancha , which was a broadway smash in the 1960s .
the board of arm is expected to recommend shareholders accept the offer - which is around a 43 % premium on its closing market value of # 16.8 bn on friday .
the banned cult was responsible for a deadly sarin nerve gas attack on the tokyo subway in 1995 , which killed 13 people and injured 5,000 .
met commissioner sir bernard hogan - howe has asked sir richard henriques to make recommendations about whether there are ways to improve procedures .
both men retired on 105 as they punished a tiring students attack .
the plane came down en route to russia from the resort of sharm el - sheikh .
the 65-year - old said he was going to ` ` miss it dreadfully '' but there always comes a point when things must end .
shelvey had a hand in both goals as ayoze perez curled in a low shot before georginio wijnaldum side - footed in from six yards to make it 2 - 0 .
the 28-year - old 's nine - year - old daughter was also threatened by a member of the gang , who had a knife .
media playback is unsupported on your device
for volkswagen , the reaction to the revelations that it deliberately tried to game tests supposed to reduce pollution will be as vital in determining the long term damage to the company as the fact of the original offence .
the general medical council has produced the guidance to make surgical and non - surgical procedures , such as facelifts , breast implants , dermal fillers and botox , safer .
the new deal with french oil and gas company total will begin with the 2017 africa cup of nations finals in gabon .
the sixth form at halewood academy in knowsley will shut in august 2017 after the department for education agreed it could stop providing a - levels .
prop mako vunipola , 25 , and 23-year - old brother billy , started their careers at thornbury rugby club .
seventeen years ago , he was responsible for work at a particularly troublesome oil field in kazakhstan .
the protest by the gorkha janamukti morcha party is demanding a separate state for nepali - speaking gorkhas .
hamilton struggled to fourth behind the ferraris of title leader sebastian vettel and kimi raikkonen while team - mate valtteri bottas took a maiden win .
mr besigye , under house arrest since friday , said ugandans had seen ` ` the most fraudulent electoral process '' .
most are being transported to rebel - held idlib province , where aid groups say conditions are inadequate , with insufficient food and medical supplies .
the scoring began in the fourth minute when darren carter 's dummy set up keanu marsh - brown to put rovers ahead but dan sparkes then netted twice in seven minutes for the visitors , with david fitzpatrick providing both assists .
the blues ' belgium winger eden hazard was second , with tottenham and england midfielder dele alli third .
all 57 seats were contested , of which the tories took 43 , compared to the 36 they won in 2013 .
the nevada state athletic commission -lrb- nac -rrb- confirmed a one - off rule change to drop the glove size from 10 oz .
the 50 year - old said she was ` ` lucky to be here '' after falling ill at home and looking up her symptoms online .
denny solomona crossed for castleford , but wigan led at half - time against the run of play through lewis tierney 's try and matty smith 's penalty kick .
talk in europe today moved swiftly from brexit to possible frexit -lrb- france voting to leave the eu -rrb- , swexit -lrb- that 's sweden -rrb- and more .
in an interview with fox news , he said : ` ` there are a lot of killers .
the small island in the pacific is home to an important strategic us airbase , us nuclear bombers and about 6,000 troops along with some 165,000 civilians .
the chairboys , searching for their first league victory since 13 august , showed promise in a quiet opening period to the game with michael harriman 's free - kick producing an excellent save from jamie jones .
ogwen valley mountain rescue team was called to yr elen , in the carneddau range , at about 14:00 gmt on saturday .
the ixv resembles a smaller , robotically controlled version of the us space shuttle , and could provide europe with a re - useable orbital transportation system of its own
the garfield weston foundation made the award to the mackintosh campus appeal , which aims to raise # 32 m .
bromyard community hospital in herefordshire is drafting in help from the philippines and europe to bridge the 80-post gap .
vicky cherry , 44 , had been missing for 15 months when police found her body wrapped in a duvet and plastic sheeting at a house in toronto street , bolton , in january .
saints ' 3 - 0 reverse at everton on monday completed a difficult christmas period for claude puel 's side .
they say the parts , possibly from a buk surface - to - air system , are ` ` of particular interest '' and could help show who was behind the crash .
bomb disposal officers were sent to birmingham 's lee bank area on friday and nearby roads were closed and cordoned off .
the 24-year - old was under contract with the stags , but marcus bignot 's side have reached an agreement to bring him in on a free transfer .
league of gentleman star steve pemberton will adapt ef benson 's novels about two ladies who vie for social prestige in small - town england .
the celtic captain was unable to exert his influence as rangers reached the scottish cup final on penalties .
the english league one club are looking to replace luke williams who left the wiltshire outfit last week after they were relegated .
michael schumacher -lrb- 91 -rrb- and alain prost -lrb- 51 -rrb- are the two other men to rack up a half - century of victories .
7 november 2016 last updated at 09:30 gmt
harold jellicoe percival , who was known as coe , served as ground crew on the famous dambusters raids carried out in may 1943 by 617 squadron .
the men , aged 36 and 37 , were arrested on monday in the rotherham area .
a judge has instructed lawyers to take eight weeks to work out disagreements over money and property , including clothes , photographs and movie awards .
the russian government expects a 0.8 % decline in gdp next year , compared with 0.6 % gdp growth in 2014 as a whole .
media playback is not supported on this device
the london derby will kick off at 17:15 bst on saturday , 22 april .
the 24-year - old from runcorn became britain 's first champion in the event 's 17-year history with last year 's win .
the hangzhou internet court opened on friday and heard its first case - a copyright infringement dispute between an online writer and a web company .
the men entered the post office in quarrywood avenue , in the barmulloch area , at 07:55 on friday .
starr , a former independent counsel , was the author of what 's probably the most expensive piece of pornography ever published , the starr report which chronicled , in graphic sexual detail , bill clinton 's affair with a 21-year - old white house intern , monica lewinsky .
media playback is not supported on this device
map here -lrb- make sure map live -rrb- : 36696356
the visitors took the lead when a clever dummy from the impressive oscar dorley set up maksim maksimov to net .
the deal to stop fighting was agreed between the syrian government and some rebel groups fighting against them .
the 24-year - old tight - head is among the starting xv who are given a chance to redeem themselves after the 29 - 13 defeat by scotland .
media playback is not supported on this device
konta beat world number 60 kristyna pliskova of the czech republic 6 - 4 6 - 7 -lrb- 11 - 13 -rrb- 6 - 3 .
members of the 130th -lrb- st john -rrb- field ambulance are being honoured with the rededication of a plaque to them .
the record follows a break during which singer billie joe armstrong went to rehab for prescription pill addiction and touring guitarist jason white received treatment for tonsil cancer .
the floes have experienced much reduced winter coverage and go into the warmest months tracking below the all time satellite minimum year of 2012 .
ethan mcken , 24 , was at the black sea resort of sunny beach , near burgas , when he and a friend were hit by a wave , earlier on saturday .
mills scored 102 goals for whitehawk after joining the club in 2012 , having previously had spells with clubs including peterborough and torquay .
more places will also be made available at all of scotland 's teacher education universities .
timothy geaney admitted taking or permitting the images to be taken between april 2004 and february 2014 .
sexton suffered a suspected groin injury , before o'connell was carried off at the end of the first half .
the 30-year - old signed a new three - year contract with notts on monday .
the report found that although alcohol consumption has dropped since 2008 , those in poorer communities are more likely to suffer or die from alcohol - related disease .
the 21-year - old was also suspended for four months backdated to 23 may although three of those months have been suspended until 1 july 2016 .
macy 's said like - for - like sales fell 4.6 % in the first quarter compared with the same period last year .
media playback is not supported on this device
clive weatherhogg set up meetings between the woman and a man he found through an adult website , and filmed them having sex .
daniel filmus , argentina 's minister for the islands - called the malvinas locally - announced the case in london .
two diarmuid murtagh goals helped connacht lead 2 - 3 to 0 - 3 before aidan breen replied with an ulster goal .
resuming on 25 - 1 on day two , lancashire batted throughout all three sessions to reach 311 - 8 at the close of play .
organisers said they were not opposed to gay or lesbian rights , but wanted to defend family values and the institution of marriage .
the 26-year - old former swansea player has been on loan at villa park since january , scoring three goals in 11 appearances for the fa cup finalists .
the sky blues currently play in coventry 's ricoh arena but had a long dispute with the stadium 's previous owners .
an insipid performance in tbilisi was bad enough , but in frankfurt , immediately after that 1 - 0 victory for georgia , germany served up a display against poland to add another layer of gloom to any analysis of monday 's likely outcome .
however , the 2018 event , set to showcase art , design and innovation , will not be the first in the region .
liverpool city council used a online budget simulator to ask residents about a proposed council tax rise of 5 % , plus a further 6 % to pay for social care .
the scandal , known as ` ` uranium - gate '' , resulted from a 2011 transaction between french nuclear giant areva and companies both in niger and abroad .
the germany under-21 forward opened the scoring when his third - minute shot looped in off keeper jonas lossl .
the 17-time grand slam champion beat france 's gasquet 6 - 4 6 - 2 6 - 2 to give the swiss an unassailable 3 - 1 lead .
the eight - day race , a precursor to the tour which begins on 2 july , starts with a 4 km time trial on sunday .
but it has perhaps been more like pinter than shakespeare .
the images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in june at the gir national park in western gujarat state .
mr morales ordered the military to take over the subsidiary of spanish power company ree , which owns and runs around three - quarters of bolivia 's power grid .
the rail union is calling on the scottish government to set out an immediate timetable for abellio to be stripped of its scotrail franchise .
london 's first lumiere festival will feature illuminations and animations projected at 20 locations in the west end and kings cross over four nights .
aaron saucedo , 23 , had already been charged with murder in connection with a killing in august 2015 , police say .
the 25-year - old has been with carlisle since 2008 , making 160 appearances for the club and turned down a new deal to join the saddlers .
the order loosens a provision of the tax code which prohibits religious organisations from directly supporting or opposing political candidates .
sgt brian wood , who served in iraq in 2004 , told the bbc the allegations had been damaging to him and his team .
amina al - jeffery , 21 , who was born and brought up in swansea , was taken to jeddah in 2012 by her father , mohammed , who said he did it to ` ` save her life '' .
citizens advice scotland -lrb- cas -rrb- called for urgent government action as it revealed a 47 % increase in food bank inquiries on its services .
lucas failed to complete the first of the 10-race series but recovered to win seven of the next nine .
gary nixon , 44 , fled to scotland after advertising tickets online for the sweden v england match in germany and said he could arrange accommodation .
the east superleague side fell behind when paul quinn fired in from a corner for his second goal in two games .
sunderland 's giaccherini slotted home in the first half after collecting leonardo bonucci 's superb long pass .
the 20-year - old , who played for the old trafford club at the youth tournament , has featured regularly for the red devils first team this season .
chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander , former lib dem leader charles kennedy and john thurso were beaten by the snp .
southern cross is holding a crisis meeting with landlords , lenders and government officials .
he was appointed by nigel farage in 2014 .
jack mackreth and chris holroyd both fired wide as the visitors pressed for an opener in the first half .
for months she 's resisted closing her country 's borders and setting an upper limit on the number of asylum seekers allowed into germany despite rising , and at times frantic , public and political pressure to do so , including from within her own cdu party .
in 2014 - 15 , 83 % of critical care patients were discharged to another ward , up from 79 % in 2011 - 12 , while the numbers treated rose by 8 % to 9,700 .
they include schemes to revamp newport and bridgend centres , move people back into empty homes in port talbot and make properties in pontypridd energy efficient .
carlisle 's hallam hope was sent off for a dangerous challenge on darnell furlong before the u 's james dunne was denied by mark ellis block .
the 26-year - old england tight - head prop , who was sent off , pleaded guilty at a disciplinary hearing on tuesday .
31 march 2017 last updated at 09:10 bst
chapel bay fort and museum at angle will open on 3 april after years of restoration work .
the prosecution was brought by the rspca following a raid at a puppy farm at a traveller site in essex .
but images of famous civil rights campaigners , including martin luther king junior , nelson mandela and bob marley with the same string around their heads have appeared on the singer 's facebook page .
police officers and veterinarians had chased the animal around the course near toki city in the central gifu prefecture for hours .
the aim is to learn more about the behaviour of a species that experts say could cause millions of pounds of damage to crops if left untreated .
the raiders drove into the metro bank branch at babbage gate , oakgrove in milton keynes at 04:20 bst , police said .
alexander reid repeatedly told department of work and pensions staff in application forms and at interviews that he was single .
jordan 's significance results partly from its strategic location at the crossroads of what christians , jews and muslims call the holy land .
a robot arm builds ` ` babies '' that get progressively better at moving without any human intervention .
groups who use the hall in llanwinio said they would hand in their keys after the rent tripled and they were asked to sign up to a 25-year lease .
the move by flintshire council is partly aimed at increasing recycling rates to meet welsh government targets .
eight people were found dead in the vehicle in a walmart car park in san antonio , texas , and 31 others were treated .
congo needed a draw to progress and went ahead when thierry bifouma swept home ferebory dore 's cross .
the stormy weather made for treacherous racing on slippery roads but team sky 's froome survived the final descent into morzine to maintain his overall lead .
sandra bland was arrested during a heated traffic stop captured on film .
thomas blasted home for the relegation - threatened robins in the 94th minute after being picked out by nicky ajose to boost swindon 's survival chances .
police said the 41-year - old former strictly come dancing contestant , from virginia water in surrey , was arrested in eton , berkshire , on saturday .
accountant in bankruptcy -lrb- aib -rrb- reported 2,405 insolvencies between april and june - 7.8 % up on the previous quarter .
this is , said shadow welsh secretary owen smith , ` ` the most important general election for a generation '' .
but sorenstam told bbc sport that there remains room for maturity in hull 's game to fully harness her huge potential .
south yorkshire police 's public protection unit spent a ` ` great deal of time '' trying to ` ` disprove '' allegations , said hm inspectorate of constabulary .
the strike is over a 1 % pay rise that was awarded last year to all midwives in england , scotland and wales .
hearing partially improved when nerves in the ear , which pass sounds into the brain , were rebuilt in gerbils - a uk study in the journal nature reports .
in an email from fergus wilson to his letting agency , leaked to the sun , he banned ` ` coloured '' people from renting his homes ` ` because of the curry smell '' .
thieves broke into the house in intake , doncaster on thursday , a week after paris mulholland 's 11th birthday .
it bought the grade ii listed building for # 225,000 in the summer .
the study says girls as young as 10 are forced to marry much older men in countries including afghanistan , yemen , india and somalia .
the muslim council of britain -lrb- mcb -rrb- said mosques would offer refreshments and ` ` insight '' into how they run .
with colleagues in bbc news , we have been tracking where the party leaders are going .
the market research firm gfk conducted a one - off online survey of 2,000 people after the result was known .
some operations have been cancelled and extra staff drafted in to deal with a surge of patients over the weekend .
the former huddersfield and birmingham manager will need to hit the ground running at rugby park , with the team just one point above the relegation play - off place .
the yomper statue is currently located in front of the royal marines museum at eastney .
media playback is not supported on this device
inspectors criticised teaching and leadership at the phoenix academy and lakeside academy following visits in february , rating both schools inadequate in all areas .
lawyer amanda telfer , 43 , died when three frames fell on her as she walked past a building site in london .
zhou youguang helped invent pinyin , a writing system that turns chinese characters into words using letters from the roman alphabet .
the 28-year - old has scored 37 goals in 98 appearances since joining the lions from non - league halifax in 2014 .
a spokesman said the new estimate was based on a review of intelligence reports from may to august .
media playback is not supported on this device
microsoft paid more than $ 1bn for most of aol 's patents , beating rivals reported to have included facebook .
ofsted visited six schools partnership trust -lrb- spta -rrb- academies as part of routine inspections and found five were not offering good quality education .
the man - identified as a 30-year - old surnamed pang - was held in the southern guangxi region and brought back to the capital , xinhua said .
froch , 38 , who announced his retirement in july , has been training every day and predicted he would beat ibf super - middleweight champion james degale , 29 .
in a tactical race , 24-year - old english held off european indoor silver medallist andreas bube of denmark to win in 1:49.02 .
the queue at st ann 's square to lay tributes to those killed and injured in the attack stretches back about 260 ft -lrb- 80 m -rrb- from the church to the royal exchange theatre , as people wait patiently to quietly reflect on what had happened in a place so familiar and ` ` close to home '' .
the man was once a specialist in chemical and biological weapons for saddam hussein , the iraqi leader overthrown by the us invasion in 2003 , iraqi and us sources told us media .
the 32-year - old dane spent the second half of last season on loan at the lilywhites where he made 14 outings .
luciano spalletti 's side started the day four points behind juve , and were without forward mohamed salah , at the africa cup of nations with egypt .
he had back surgery for the second time in 18 months in september and talked about retirement earlier this month .
spencer vaughan , 27 , of campbell road , plymouth , suffered spinal damage after hitting his head on a sand bar in gran canaria while on a training course .
the home secretary wrote to cabinet colleagues in december seeking approval to ` ` reduce significantly '' one type of stop and search , newsnight has learned .
the bosnia - herzegovina international is bidding for full match fitness after recovering from a hernia injury but is unlikely to start against qpr .
nazanin zaghari - ratcliffe - a charity worker accused of security offences - was detained while trying to leave the country with her baby daughter after visiting relatives in april 2016 .
chisora rocked fury in the second round with a left and two further rights but it was the only time the champion looked like he might win the fight .
the man , who was in his 20s , was rescued by a volunteer crew from bangor rnli .
tries from macgraff leuluai , ah van and chris bridge gave widnes a 14 - 6 half - time lead , with cas loanee paddy flynn responding against his parent club .
the a40 between nantgaredig and whitemill is closed and diversions are in place following the incident at about 18:15 gmt on friday .
health spokesman andy burnham said the coalition had created queues outside practices and diverted people to a&e .
colin hughes was attacked in old swan in september 2010 as he went to investigate a noise at the door of his home .
union leaders are hoping the formation of a first so - called dairy producer organisation -lrb- dpo -rrb- could help put the industry on a stronger footing .
harry greaves , from bronygarth near oswestry , was visiting friends in south america and planned to hike a mountain alone on 7 april .
chaudhry muhammad shakeel is accused of murdering the beautician , while her father chaudhry muhammad shahid is being held as an accessory to murder .
the family had asked that half the remains be returned to them with the other half scattered in the grounds .
after 25 years , the royal national mission to deep sea fishermen closed its doors in eyemouth in 2012 .
the group had been sailing around the county down lough on wednesday when three crew members went ashore on green island .
all is not lost , however , for the team that just over three years ago were celebrating their fourth consecutive world title double .
mother josephine 's parents fled to taiwan from china with the retreating nationalist party after it lost the civil war to the communists in the late 1940s .
data from the ministry of justice -lrb- moj -rrb- also showed a rise in violence with 26,643 assaults in the year to march 2017 - 20 % more than the previous year .
police were called to honeywell drive , in stepps , just after 21:00 on sunday .
after taking part at london 2012 , the four national football associations could not agree on sending a british women 's team to the rio games .
jason alexander , 39 , used a company credit card to buy almost # 91,000 of ipads , phones and computers .
the asian civilisation museum -lrb- acm -rrb- bought the artwork for $ 650,000 -lrb- # 420,000 -rrb- from new york dealer art of the past in 2007 .
the world anti - doping agency said many athletes who had been targeted for testing ` ` simply could not be found '' .
17 june 2016 last updated at 18:05 bst
the judge also fined him 1 m shekels -lrb- $ 289,000 ; Â # 171,000 -rrb- and ordered that 560,000 shekels in assets be seized .
michael graydon , 29 , disappeared on 21 february and his body was found almost two weeks later on private land .
raids took place on sunday and monday in brussels and the provinces of flemish brabant and liege .
borthwick , 36 , left his role at the championship side after only 43 days .
arthur cave , 15 , was found with multiple injuries on the underpass of ovingdean gap in july .
kepler-452b orbits at a very similar distance from its star , though its radius is 60 % larger .
the council is consulting on plans to introduce a cycle lane on pontcanna 's cathedral road , make some streets one - way and removing a traffic island .
services from douglas to the uk were disrupted after the ben - my - chree , which sailed from heysham , lancashire , struck the pier on sunday .
ministers will talk to councils before deciding how many can be resettled .
a boy was lost in the woods while the family was foraging for wild vegetables .
the 25-year - old catholic constable died when a bomb exploded under his car in omagh on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
alan was the syrian three - year - old whose photograph , lying dead on a turkish beach , focused world attention on the refugee crisis in september .
the 38-year - old englishman topped the rankings in 2012 but has since dropped out of the coveted world top 50 for the first time in more than a decade .
the pair worked together at watford and northern irishman rodgers , 43 , is the frontrunner for the celtic job after two rounds of talks this week .
tanveer iqbal 's body was found in his renault clio in portland road , edgbaston , on monday afternoon .
the labour leader has warned the terms of reference , which have yet to be published , could be too ` ` narrow '' and residents not properly consulted .
it said lack of awareness and a shortage of trainees meant police often ended up questioning adults with mental illness or learning issues without one .
zachary barker , nine , died in hospital after the collision in spring gardens , leek , in staffordshire , last saturday .
so for the one tasked with replacing karl robinson as mk dons manager , changing the mark of a man who had been in charge for more than half of the club 's entire existence will be quite a renovation .
european workers now make up 6.8 % of britain 's workforce of 31.5 million , according to recent figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
media playback is not supported on this device
both sides remain in qualifying places with essex top on run - rate and glamorgan in third .
ajinkya rahane became the fifth indian to score centuries in both innings of a test match as they declared on 267 - 5 .
the finds were made by a team from durham university , which is surveying the site on midland road before it is redeveloped for houses .
she found time to visit mount vesuvius and the ancient roman city of pompeii , she took her friends to the villa they had hired ... and then she received an email from her agent with news of a wildcard into the us open qualifying draw , and promptly headed back to the airport .
media playback is not supported on this device
when we arrived at the engineer 's home , the dilapidated machine was an eyesore at the bottom of his garden .
friends , collaborators and fans have been paying tribute on their social media accounts .
the body of the man in his 70s , was found at the house in nettleden road , little gaddesden , near berkhamsted , on saturday afternoon .
the victim is being treated in hospital after he was struck by the vehicle in tower hamlets , east london , on friday .
the cqc previously rated the penberthy home in newquay as inadequate .
legolas , named after an elf in lord of the rings , helped researchers understand how the animals hunt together .
the un estimates that a third more cocaine was being produced in the country in 2016 .
norwegian forest cat clive vanished from his home in toton , nottinghamshire , in october 2014 .
arsenal dominated with gervinho failing to hit the target from a good position and jake kean making several key saves .
patients on two wards at university hospital llandough are suffering from the illness , which can pass quickly from person to person .
the move follows a claim by crossmaglen rangers player aaron cunningham that he was the victim of verbal abuse during the 2 december ulster football final .
the commons ' home affairs committee said the uk border agency should challenge unacceptable behaviour by some of its contractors .
yorkshire , lancashire and derbyshire have been worst affected , after 2 - 5 cm fell overnight , with 10 cm reported on higher ground .
after the league two side 's bright start , two quick goals from diafra sakho and andre ayew gave the premier league side control before half - time .
the nigeria international has been on loan at qatari club al ain this season .
the emergency services were called to glenapp road in the pollokshields area of the city at about 11:50 .
the technique is being hailed as a breakthrough in understanding how the trillions of complex cells in a body are descended from a single egg .
temporary repairs have been made to an embankment on the farnham to alton line after it collapsed on 13 april .
neville was sacked by valencia on wednesday after less than four months following a run of 10 wins in 28 games .
cassie sainsbury , 22 , was stopped at an airport in bogota on 12 april .
terry , the founder and chief executive of ashleys kenya , a beauty company with more than 240 employees , adds : ` ` but now all that has changed .
upsetting events often make the news because they do n't happen very often .
as a teenager he tried three times , unsuccessfully , to defect from cuba , once spending a month in cuban jail .
sp manweb was granted permission to run 10.5 miles of overhead cables between two wind farms in clocaenog forest to a substation near st asaph last year .
this brings the number of military dismissals to more than 3,000 following the failed coup , in which rebel units used tanks and aircraft to try to oust president recep tayyip erdogan .
former pompey shot stopper carson brilliantly prevented michael smith 's powerful header and michael doyle 's 20-yard pile driver ,
the annual bank of scotland business digital index assessed small firms in five key skills needed to get the most out of being online .
a two - hour walkout on friday by the examiners will be followed by a week of short strikes in the maritime and coastguard agency -lrb- mca -rrb- .
here 's a round - up in case you missed anything :
speaking to bbc newsnight in her first interview on the subject , marion janner said it amounted to accusations against ` ` a corpse '' .
` ` actually i am a tri - citizen , i ' ve got a hungarian passport as well .
the country 's privacy protection commission accused facebook of dodging questions from european regulators .
the sisters - in - law have been named as sharon dodd - archibald , 46 , and mary archibald , 51 , both from glasgow .
the initial estimate showed growth picking up from the first quarter of the year , when it was 0.2 % .
mr ashley failed to appear before a business select committee regarding working terms and conditions at the company 's warehouse in derbyshire .
lord attenborough , who grew up in leicester , starred in brighton rock and the great escape , and directed the oscar winning biopic ghandi , in 1983 .
ahead of the main procession , marchers and bands paraded around the city 's historic walls .
knox , 30 , has arranged a practice round at augusta with the 1988 winner .
the centrepiece is a plan to take any refugees and migrants who cross the sea to greece in smugglers ' boats and return them , directly , to turkey .
from 20 march , speed restrictions and speed cameras will be introduced where work is taking place .
the labour leadership frontrunner made the remarks in 2011 , shortly after the al - qaeda chief was shot dead .
observations with japan 's subaru telescope reveal the likely icy body to be some 15.5 billion km from the sun - about three times further away than even far - flung pluto .
the operation foiled a plan to smuggle drugs and weapons from south america to the port of gioia tauro in calabria , officials said .
a poster for conference call firm powwownow shows a man on an underground train surrounded by zombie - like characters in masks .
jimmy carlson , 64 , from islington , north london , has been appointed obe for helping to improve services .
goals from wilfried zaha , christian benteke , luka milivojevic and patrick van aanholt secured palace 's own safety and sent hull down .
the council plans to build at least 830 new homes in the ancoats area of the city and neighbouring new islington .
media playback is not supported on this device
three other people in the grey ford mondeo , an 82-year - old woman , a 77-year - old woman and a 67-year - old man , were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
the eight - page booklet gives advice on who can vote , how to register and a page on each of the lead campaigns .
raworth and michelle ackerley , formerly a reporter on the bbc one consumer show , will join matt allwright and chris hollins when its new series begins next month .
matthew daley , 35 , killed donald lock , on the a24 in findon , near worthing , last july after the 79-year - old ran into the back of his vehicle .
fellow briton stephen cummings won the final stage from le - pont - de - claix to superdevoluy , but it was froome who added to his 2013 and 2015 titles .
recep tayyip erdogan hit out after german authorities cancelled rallies designed to woo ethnic turkish voters in germany ahead of a key referendum .
martin foran , 71 and from manchester , served a total of 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal .
media playback is not supported on this device
the republic of ireland currently has strict abortion laws , which only allow a pregnancy to be terminated if there is a serious risk to a woman 's life .
some 1,500 turkish - backed syrian rebels have also gathered in the turkish city of gaziantep , poised for an offensive to drive is out of jarablus .
the end of last year saw growth across several sectors of the economy , but there are concerns about rising prices , skill shortages and falling sales .
media playback is not supported on this device
dubbed ` ` carbon farming '' , researchers say the idea is economically competitive with high - tech carbon capture and storage projects .
hamilton 's mercedes was 0.264 seconds quicker than vettel , with rosberg 0.035 secs further adrift .
it was written to author betty shew by the 21-year - old princess in 1947 , months before her marriage .
nearly 79 % of premises in wales are capable of receiving super - fast internet , an increase of 24 % on 2014 .
it will connect the a4232 at the queensgate roundabout with the ocean way roundabout in tremorfa .
snibston discovery museum , which is based at a former colliery , showcases the area 's industrial heritage .
media playback is not supported on this device
one of the highest ranking military officials of his time , more than 30 places around the world now bear his name .
schools are asked to create a dedicated page on their school website and send the web address -lrb- or url -rrb- to schoolreport@bbc.co.uk and we will link to it from the map of participating schools .
as part of bbc scotland 's coverage , deputy party leader stewart hosie will take part in a half - hour webcast in which he will answer your questions .
dartmoor hill pony association -lrb- dhpa -rrb- said it had put forward the idea ` ` reluctantly '' .
some 66 israelis - all but two of them soldiers - have also died in the mission to destroy rockets and tunnels used by the militant islamist group hamas .
the poster with the phrase # prayforjosh appeared in holywood by the a2 within the last week .
aah pharmaceuticals was broken in to during the early hours of monday morning .
the friends of sherwood forest say the Â # 5.3 m centre , located on the edge of a country park , will devastate the area .
the 20-year - old said she was returning home from a night out in november 2014 when she was attacked in the meadows .
its ranking of donations relative to wealth suggests russia , france , and the us - the largest donor in monetary terms - should all be giving more .
the 60-year - old frenchman has been suspended along with fifa president sepp blatter and secretary general jerome valcke .
the 22-year - old spent last season on loan at southend and luton , scoring nine goals in a combined 43 matches in league one and league two respectively .
media playback is not supported on this device
negotiators for the two sides at peace talks in cuba said they would ask the un to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire .
satellite - tagging will be used and re - offending league tables published .
the man suffered serious neck injuries after falling from a low roof at melbury lodge , royal hampshire county hospital , in december 2015 .
bath and north east somerset -lrb- banes -rrb- council said a pay dispute between the unite union and the contractor kier was over following successful talks .
shaw will be joined on the 18 july flight to los angeles by fellow england world cup squad member wayne rooney .
it was delivered by a politician with ` ` big ambitions '' .
in july , conor mcginn , who is from south armagh , claimed the labour leader suggested phoning his father .
a bank survey suggests that in november new export orders rose at a record rate .
henry reilly was ukip 's northern ireland candidate in last year 's european elections , receiving more than 24,000 votes .
the prime minister faced cries of ` ` coward '' and ` ` shame on you '' .
mark roy mason , 48 , was assaulted outside home bargains on marsh road , rhyl , at 19:25 bst on thursday .
the museum closed last october to allow work to upgrade the building and provide more display space .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson said his team had been in ` ` constant '' contact since the paris attacks .
defender terry , 36 , is leaving chelsea this summer after more than two decades at stamford bridge .
matthew daley , 35 , killed donald lock , on the a24 in findon , near worthing , last july after the 79-year - old ran into the back of his vehicle .
a long clearance from debutant goalkeeper jonathan mitchell eluded home defender shaun brisley and allowed marriott to lob keeper alex cisak .
protesters have been on the the streets since freddie gray 's death on 19 april - a week after a police encounter where he sustained unexplained injuries .
michael tovey , 27 , formerly of lakes road , erdington , birmingham is accused of using two drones to fly contraband into hmp birmingham last year .
rita wharton died when her car was hit after anita corless tried to overtake traffic near welshpool , powys .
they include a new water sports park , railway station and a sliproad from the m77 .
since being drafted in 2003 , he has won two super bowls with the pittsburgh steelers and was awarded the 2010 defensive player of the year .
laurence shahlaei , originally from cheltenham , took the title in leeds from two - time title holder hafthor bjornsson who is also famed for his role in the popular television series .
in the app , the cartoon characters feature with the real world in the background .
as george and amal clooney welcome their newborn babies , social media has been full of joy .
daniel smith , from rochdale , was just 21 when he was commended for his brave actions in iraq .
younger people take religion seriously ` ` when they have the chance to learn about it , '' he said .
it has also been told to stop breeding orcas in captivity in a ruling from the california coastal commission .
a team statement said henao , 28 , had been contacted by cycling 's governing body and an anti - doping agency about data between august 2011 and june 2015 .
the 34-year - old has been absent from the club since a training - ground row after the 5 - 1 scottish premiership loss at celtic on 10 september .
four of its high - speed 175 coradia train units have been taken off routes along the north wales coast and to manchester .
arwel robson 's late penalty edged it , the fly - half picking himself up to score after being felled by flanker jacopo bianchi , red - carded for the hit .
at the time mr tilli was working as an estate agent , but with the portuguese housing market in free fall , he was earning next to nothing .
northampton town 's league one 3 - 0 home win over coventry city was disrupted several times by fans on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
ceredigion council plans to auction the site of former ysgol dyffryn teifi in llandysul , which closed last term , for development .
police said the boy was badly injured in the incident , after being struck in coatbridge .
the mid - infrared instrument -lrb- miri -rrb- will gather key data as the $ 9bn -lrb- Â # 5.5 bn -rrb- observatory seeks to identify the first starlight in the universe .
you can spend several hours being jostled by french camera crews , squashed by italian snappers , or shoved unceremoniously out of the way by any one of 27 other countries ' journalists as the leaders of the european union arrive one by one , and we frantically try to grab a word with them as they rush past .
that was a maxim gabor , who has died at the age of 99 , seemed to live by .
paul robson is the second trader at the dutch bank to plead guilty to trying to rig the yen libor rate and the first briton to do so .
the medical research council team showed severely damaged organs in mice could be restored to near - normal function .
the former chesterfield first team coach replaced ashley hoskin as manager in october 2015 .
conlan and donnelly have since turned professional and are not impacted by sanctions including an obligation to follow integrity education programmes .
three victorian hotels will go to make way for a six - storey , four star hotel and two assisted - living apartment blocks , at east cliff in bournemouth .
they were brutal , inhuman regimes led by men with notorious reputations for violence and suppressing opposition - augusto pinochet in chile , alfredo stroessner in paraguay , jorge rafael videla in argentina and so on .
robert kerr , 39 , inflicted 76 wounds on 39-year - old xin xin liu at their home in newton mearns , east renfrewshire .
president juan manuel santos said the authorities do not know how many people are still missing .
one eyewitness described the fire at eco - oil ltd at the kingsnorth industrial estate at hoo as ` ` huge '' .
she replaces jo stevens , who resigned last month in protest at an instruction that labour mps should back the bill to trigger brexit .
bu farw ' r corporal matthew hatfield o wiltshire , a ' r corporal darren neilson o ganlyniad i anafiadau y cawson nhw yn y digwyddiad ar faes castell martin ddydd mercher .
hundreds of animal lovers arrived at the scene of the blaze , which broke out at manchester dogs ' home in moss brook road in harpurhey on thursday evening .
former national security adviser susan rice flatly denied she or mr obama used intelligence for political purposes .
luke bennett , 20 , was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis four years ago - a form of inflammatory bowel disease .
united nations officials rarely use the words ` ` genocide '' and ` ` ethnic cleansing , '' but they now say potentially both could envelop the world 's youngest country .
founded in 2007 by two former amazon employees , the company is hugely popular for selling books and electronics online .
he told reuters that the eu should not interfere with ` ` domestic issues '' .
ronan toolis led the excavation works at trusty 's hill fort at gatehouse of fleet .
tomasz galwaz , 29 , died after falling from the roof of al amin wholesale in aston , birmingham on 5 january 2015 .
nottinghamshire wildlife trust , which runs attenborough nature reserve , said they were ` ` surprised '' as geese are normally ground nesting birds .
defeats by munster , edinburgh and ulster were followed by a run of nine wins in 11 pro12 and european games , including a win against toulon .
symantec says the wifatch program is closing loopholes and fixing bugs on routers it infects .
the world changed on 6 august 1945 .
dating back 520 million years , the clawed spider - like fossil shows clear evidence of a brain and of nerve cords running through the creature 's trunk .
1 august 2016 last updated at 07:19 bst
the live broadcast of john adams 's the death of klinghoffer was scheduled for 15 november .
first - team coach andy smith , goalkeeping coach marco tabuas and fitness coach maykel moreira have now also left vale park , the league one club has confirmed .
the good stuff is silicon-28 , and physicists in the us have worked out how to produce it with 40 times greater purity than ever before .
mclaren , in their first year with new engine partner honda , are ninth in the table with no points after five races .
turning points explores the moment when six people 's lives change forever , and is produced and directed by chris tally evans , from rhayader , powys .
however , the scottish conservatives claim a surge in their support has ` ` sunk '' a case for a second indy poll , according to the herald .
the 40-year - old sliced his fingers open when he tried to grab a drone camera , which was taking pictures of the audience , at a concert on saturday .
supermarket morrisons cut the price of diesel by up to 2p per litre , and tesco , asda and sainsbury 's followed the move with their own price cuts .
dame margaret hodge 's review said it would be better to ditch the garden bridge than risk uncertain costs .
the owner was forced to open the crocodile farm 's gates on sunday to prevent a storm surge , the local beeld newspaper says .
davies , 47 , led forest to successive play - off campaigns while at the city ground but had an uneasy relationship with the board and was sacked in june .
six members of cymdeithas yr iaith gymraeg blocked the entrance to the building at llandudno junction at about 06:30 gmt .
the giant striker was in the right place at the right time to bundle home the loose ball , after morecambe 's defence failed to clear , earning what could be an important draw .
the actress revealed in may last year she had had the surgery , after being told she had an 87 % chance of the disease because of a high - risk gene .
the energy firm had proposed reinforcing the existing line so it can carry more electricity .
david cameron said a stadium would ` ` inspire young people , brings jobs and wealth '' to the county .
the dollar climbed 1 % against a basket of currencies , and against the japanese currency it rose above 123 yen .
the report , revealed in the guardian , was ordered by the government after claims some muslim groups were trying to take control in some schools .
a collection of artworks by the 83-year - old , from pembrokeshire , is due to go on show at the martin tinney gallery in cardiff on wednesday .
media playback is not supported on this device
the events were organised by the right2water group .
the 28-year - old , serie a 's top scorer with 30 goals , was dismissed for a second bookable offence in the 3 - 1 defeat at stadio friuli .
the 28-year - old was a free agent after leaving blackpool , where he played 10 times last season as the tangerines were promoted to league one .
the petition calls on the eu and its member states to stop the talks on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership or ttip .
the 25-year - old former afc fylde player has scored 29 goals and assisted 19 this season and moves to the league one club on a three - year deal .
tom westley -lrb- 57 -rrb- and ravi bopara -lrb- 61 -rrb- made half - centuries but lacked support from the rest of their top order .
thomas farr , 31 , died from multiple injuries after he was hit by a car on the a22 caterham bypass , at about 23:00 gmt on 26 march .
the faraday lecture block dates back to the 1960s and the university says its ` ` tired and monotonous design '' means it has become a bit of an eyesore .
earlier this week , he refused to answer the question of whether he believed homosexual sex was a sin .
james vaughan broke the deadlock on 61 minutes before doubling the shakers ' lead six minutes later .
victoria police posted a public appeal on monday to locate daniel damon who is wanted for failing to answer bail for traffic and drug matters .
the age uk review said some people could not even wash , dress or feed themselves and yet were being left to fend for themselves by councils .
a tribunal found maria mckeith 's dismissal from the ardoyne association was linked to her role as primary carer for her disabled daughter .
the brazil forward converted a 74th - minute penalty after sevilla left - back benoit tremoulinas handled inside the penalty area but barca could not level .
property developers michael and john taggart are offering a settlement where they would repay less than 1p for every pound they owe .
michael gove said his decision to defy his friend and ally the prime minister and back the leave campaign was the most difficult of his career .
john ` ` jack '' zawadski , 82 , and his nephew filed the lawsuit after being told that the funeral parlour did not ` ` deal with their kind '' .
in the last three weeks , blooms have appeared along the shoreline on anglesey and there have been some reports of children being stung .
campaigners fought to save ipswich airport after it was earmarked for housing by ipswich borough council , with some occupying the terminal building for about four months .
led by fire officer dave curry , the team created a giant indian bread , weighing 26 kg -lrb- 57 lb 5 oz -rrb- and measuring 3.79 m -lrb- 12 ft 5 in -rrb- by 1.4 m -lrb- 4 ft 7 in -rrb- .
francesco schettino was given 16 years in jail last year , after a court found him guilty of manslaughter , causing a maritime accident and abandoning ship .
the trio were returning to a family member 's home in heanor in derbyshire when they caught the intruder taking some jewellery in june .
bbc wales understands an advisory panel on creative industries recommends rejecting a request from university of wales trinity st david for up to # 6 m .
an altercation broke out between two men inside a fast food outlet about 00:35 bst on sunday which then continued outside .
mylan said it expected to start selling a cheaper generic product ` ` in several weeks '' at a list price of $ 300 -lrb- Â # 230 -rrb- .
fo , whose plays include accidental death of an anarchist and ca n't pay ?
trafford council closed bollin primary school in bowdon , greater manchester on monday after concerns about a ` ` reduced capacity of senior leadership '' .
a second bus was hit by a suicide bomber elsewhere in the city , injuring two soldiers and two civilians .
innogy renewables uk ltd had been proposing a hydroelectric scheme on the river conwy , near betws y coed in snowdonia national park .
dylan marcus edwards , 50 , from llanrwst in conwy county , admitted causing suffering to cali the cat which was put in a bag and hit with a piece of wood .
the coronation street actor is accused of using racist language and being sexist .
media playback is not supported on this device
just over one billion contactless transactions were completed in 2015 , the uk cards association said .
lisa passey , 28 , and her former partner wayne dale , 45 , left kian and another two - year - old child alone while the pair entertained a friend .
jeremy zeid , who was standing in hendon , said president obama should be ` ` locked up '' by the israelis for ` ` leaking state secrets '' .
they begin at home to hampshire on friday , 7 july and finish at home to middlesex on friday , 18 august .
the measures are outlined in the digital economy bill , which was published on tuesday .
roy guest was sacked by west midlands ambulance service -lrb- wmas -rrb- in 2013 after posting comments hoping julie bailey suffered ` ` a life - threatening illness '' .
when the red lion in northmoor was put up for sale last year , locals formed the northmoor lion ltd , secured a loan and bought the pub in november 2013 .
pavlina pizova said she and ondrej petr began hiking the routeburn track in fiordland national park on 26 july , but got lost in bad conditions .
jak trueman , 15 , was suffering from a rare form of blood cancer called gamma delta t - cell lymphoma .
the winners of this year 's aerial photography competition run by online site dronestagram have been announced .
media playback is unsupported on your device
the activist , who says he was himself a victim of bullying , told bbc newsnight that the dossier was given by ben howlett , now an mp , to lord feldman .
the adware - dubbed superfish - was potentially compromising their security , said experts .
the 20-year - old , who can also play as a winger , has come through the academy at the premier league club and played for the under-23 side in the efl trophy .
chastain , who is now retired from the sport , said she hoped it would help ` ` change things for the positive '' .
two separate proceedings , one by a cross - party group of mlas and another from victims ' campaigner raymond mccord , were heard earlier this month .
while its recommended nationwide pay rate goes up from # 7.85 an hour to # 8.25 - an increase of 40p - in london the suggested rise is only 25p .
oldham went in front in the fifth minute when marc klok delivered a free - kick from the right to the far post , where unchallenged defender peter clarke scored with a downward header .
west yorkshire police said the arrests were made between 30 may and 8 june by targeting known offenders and encouraging people to report abuse .
commons leader chris grayling said the change , also applying in some cases to welsh mps , would bring ` ` real fairness to our constitutional arrangements '' .
the men were trying to descend bla bheinn when they got into difficulty in fading light on thursday .
the proposed offer is worth # 10.75 a share in cash , a premium of 36 % to the closing price on 8 december .
firefighters were called to the set in the bbc 's elstree studios in hertfordshire just after 23:00 gmt on tuesday .
he was 86 years old .
lenin moreno , of the governing left - wing pais party , fell just short of the 40 % needed to win outright on sunday .
speaking after talks with his turkish counterpart in ankara , the uk prime minister said islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- was a ` ` common enemy '' that must be confronted .
for its 3 - 2 victory over a team backed by phone - maker samsung , skt 's five members shared a prize of $ 2 m -lrb- Â # 1.64 m -rrb- between them .
he was detained at his home in moscow earlier on monday , ahead of anti - corruption demonstrations in russia .
the defendants face charges including treason , establishing a spy ring with iranian intelligence and passing on sensitive data on military zones .
oxfordshire county council has joined forces with new operator hourbike ltd to bring back the oxonbike scheme , which has 30 cycles available to hire from seven locations around headington .
the troubled nhs trust has been struggling financially and has some of the worst response times in england .
the cabinet considered an urgent report on tuesday and voted to remove the section from the pavilion to the seaward end .
the exercise was carried out in todmorden , hebden bridge , mytholmroyd , sowerby bridge , elland and brighouse .
steve davies told ams officials were ` ` concerned '' about the volume of early entry .
prof allyson pollock and colleagues at queen mary university of london say the contact sport is too dangerous .
the beyond caravaggio exhibition features the work of the italian artist and 30 other artists from all over europe who were influenced by him .
the six girls were taking part in the first global challenge competition , which took place across three days and saw 158 nations compete against each other .
but on monday the church of england broke a tradition inherited from the first christians 2,000 years ago when the three houses of the general synod voted to allow women to be bishops .
guards at the site saw the pair pick up the items from the ground , the judge at a court in krakow was told .
the czech is playing in only her second tournament since she was stabbed by an intruder at her home in december .
it came as a surge in commodity prices saw brent crude oil rise above $ 40 a barrel for the first time this year .
for hosts forfar athletic it was a second successive home 3 - 1 defeat after a run of nine straight wins .
12 march 2016 last updated at 08:26 gmt
instead of the big bang theory and how i met your mother , viewers tuning in on 7 may will see ` ` darren '' , the man in charge of keeping e4 on air , sitting in the channel 's control room .
a row has broken out after mr gill attacked neil hamilton for offering support on the # 1.1 bn m4 relief road .
it follows a report by inspectors who claim some teachers in primary schools pass on their misunderstandings of science to pupils .
the german car giant reported pre - tax profits of 3bn euros -lrb- Â # 2.5 bn -rrb- , a 27 % jump from the same period in 2016 .
discovered on land at north elmham , near dereham , the circa 600 ad coin was created by french rulers of the time to increase their available currency .
the staffordshire club are second in the premiership - the top - flight of english rugby as it stands - and have been part of the league for 15 seasons .
carr died in los angeles after complications from a rare form of dementia , her representative said .
he also insisted there was no conflict of interest in his position while the eu looked at his country 's tax deals .
the government has ` ` called in '' proposals to shut st joseph 's primary in milngavie near glasgow .
the fire blew out the windows of the property on lewes road , initially leading to reports that there had been an explosion .
from friday , world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- is making its video streaming service available in the mainland .
urging voters to back plaid in the may 2016 assembly election , the snp leader praised ms wood for being modern , principled and passionate .
the cambridge history student knew the ` ` significance '' of the monument but did not realise he was dangling from a war memorial , the court of appeal was told .
on friday , facebook was given 72 hours to take down the page ` keeping our kids safe from predators ' , which had focused on paedophiles in northern ireland .
the sign - on the beeston - bound platform of the queen 's medical centre stop - points commuters towards the ` ` univeristy of nottingham '' .
21 january 2017 last updated at 11:03 gmt
hospital radiographer aidan mcnicholl , 36 , died following the collision on the a5 at cerrigydrudion on sunday .
defence attaché capt oleg kornienko presented ushakov medals to the men of the arctic convoys .
25 may 2015 last updated at 08:01 bst
media playback is not supported on this device
the 9 ft -lrb- 3 m -rrb- deep , 22 ft -lrb- 7 m -rrb- long hole was caused by heavy rain washing away a drain running under part of traigh golf course , near mallaig .
the former scunthorpe , sheffield wednesday and preston player worked with blackpool manager gary bowyer as a trainee at blackburn .
howe , 37 , has overseen three of the club 's six promotions since he was first appointed manager in 2008 - 09 .
media playback is not supported on this device
violence has broken out between england fans , rival supporters and police for the last three days in the port city .
rents for grade a offices have risen to # 15.50-per - sq ft over the past year , according to commercial agents .
boro remain second behind burnley and ahead of brighton on goal difference , with the league 's top three sides equal on 87 points after 44 games .
legal experts had warned that inventors and designers based in scotland could lose out as a result of planned changes to the law .
it will give 40 million yen -lrb- Â # 274 , 000 -rrb- to the cartivator group that operates outside toyota city in central japan .
pae jun - ho , known in the us as kenneth bae , smuggled anti - government materials and plotted the state 's downfall , a supreme court spokesman told state news agency kcna .
british and irish lion north , 23 , has signed a new contract with northampton saints in england 's premiership .
molinari stormed into contention with two eagles in the last seven holes to set a clubhouse target of nine under par , which dunne was able to match thanks to a birdie on the last .
steve mcqueen 's drama will play at more than 1,000 locations in the us and canada from friday , up from 411 last weekend , according to variety .
bowe , 32 , played in the first half of the game in naas and came through unscathed before being replaced at half - time as had been the plan .
laser mapping will be used to measure the impact of extreme weather on six welsh islands in the irish sea .
the 32-year - old made the last of his 63 test appearances in the 16 - 12 victory over italy in turin last month .
but that requires a very patient man or woman to select the most important periods of play .
a court heard aidan chaves , 26 , reacted angrily to taunts from fans and was spat on during a home game for sawbridgeworth town fc on 25 march .
the 14-month old tabby and white called pumbaa was found bleeding in a peterborough alleyway on saturday .
the think tank says teachers ' pay has declined in real terms .
ben heaton 's try put the visitors ahead before john davies and scott turner went over to help give featherstone a 13 - 6 half - time lead .
researchers believe achieving a healthier weight could cut the risk by a fifth in breast cancer .
out of nearly 12,000 fans , 52 % were in favour and 48 % against a game which would raise funds for the ladies ' team and a final decision will now be made .
the vehicles , which were travelling in the same direction , collided on red hill way , leicester , at 21:17 bst on tuesday .
16 october 2015 last updated at 16:43 bst
an inquiry was launched in june last year following reports that face paint was used to impersonate a staff member in a student - led performance .
until recently , ai seemed firmly stuck in the realm of science fiction .
3 april 2017 last updated at 09:17 bst
bbc radio 5 live found football ticket - touting laws are being flouted , leaving fans vulnerable to online brokers .
officers raided a workshop in the port of izmir , where they say they found life jackets stuffed with packaging rather than buoyancy aids .
at a post - match conference the french open champion was asked whether she knew which stars had been watching her play from the royal box at centre court .
mr turnbull , who was communications minister under mr abbott , is the fourth prime minister since 2013 .
media playback is not supported on this device
the queen 's park rangers player made his ni debut in march and scored in his second game against slovenia .
centre - left candidate daniel scioli led exit polls , and just edged centre - right buenos aires mayor mauricio macri with most votes counted .
media playback is not supported on this device
ciaran williamson , eight , was playing with friends in craigton cemetery when a headstone fell on him on 26 may 2015 .
hughie maughan 's teak tone under the spotlight had viewers doing their own keyboard tap dance .
colonel steve warren said more than 20 strikes have been carried out in the past four days , destroying is positions .
jessica taylor suffers debilitating fatigue and painful muscles caused by chronic fatigue syndrome , also known as myalgic encephalomyelitis -lrb- me -rrb- .
son paul cooke was jailed for almost 30 years for a robbery and knife attack that led to the death of ronald smith , in his 60s , in west bromwich .
brad mckay crouched to volley in greg tansey 's deep free - kick early in the match .
mr corbyn told the bbc labour would consider the question ` ` as a party '' .
the money was raised by angel syndicate equity gap , along with venture capital firm par equity , us syndicate aero - den and the scottish investment bank .
desmond ricks ' lawyers say homicide detectives switched bullets in his mother 's gun to pin a shooting on him .
to the strains of the late reggae star 's one love , mr obama was shown around the sprawling house in kingston that was mr marley 's final home .
aiden webb , 22 , from norwich , was climbing fansipan mountain alone on friday when he fell down a ravine and lost his way , his girlfriend bluebell baughan said .
ed joyce and chris nash both hit half - centuries between interruptions in play , before nash was bowled by rob keogh for 53 before lunch .
matt wilmot , 40 , was found by police after reports of concern for the welfare of a man .
sheikh ali salman told the bbc that for national dialogue to be meaningful , the government had to show its willingness to offer ` ` concrete solutions '' .
christopher clarke , 29 , contacted girls , aged 15 and 16 at the time , via facebook , snapchat and twitter .
as an eu member , the uk and uk - based firms can sell their goods to eu customers without having to pay additional taxes .
the film , written by jk rowling and starring eddie redmayne as newt scamander , took a total of # 15.3 m .
the pm revived a line used during her tory leadership campaign to respond to claims the two clashed over dinner .
the national police chiefs ' council said a ` ` significant number of calls '' had been received after several former players alleged past abuse by coaches .
damien ` dee ' fennell made an application to belfast crown court to amend his conditions so he could go to co donegal for a week .
sharbat gula , whose haunting green eyes made her famous , fled soviet - occupied afghanistan as a child and was pictured in 1984 in a refugee camp in pakistan .
the 27-year - old israeli international joins from ashdod for an undisclosed fee , after spending last season on loan at easter road .
donald skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the taj madina mosque in victoria road last december .
the 46-year - old scot was appointed in january 2013 , succeeding ashley giles , when he became coach of england 's limited - overs teams .
the rail operator had warned ongoing negotiations meant that drivers were not volunteering for sunday shifts .
he remains the world 's richest person , despite giving away 64 million shares in microsoft .
he was speaking in an emergency debate at the european parliament in the wake of last week 's eu referendum .
the accident happened on the edinburgh bypass between baberton and dreghorn at about 17:00 on monday .
jackie stokes , from burton - upon - trent , said she spent Â # 9,500 on implants in hungary but an investigation found her treatment plan caused ` ` irreversible damage to otherwise healthy teeth '' .
liberal democrat am eluned parrott said the welsh government had ` ` wasted '' more than # 52,000 on them at railway stations in south wales .
the conservatives claimed the amount councils are spending on education is at its lowest level for six years .
in fact , it 's actually 21-year - old student morgan jensen from arizona in america .
however , once it had served its usefulness , two - thirds of it was given an unceremonious burial beneath the city 's post - war buildings and the new a474 road up the tawe valley .
photos on the internet appear to show diouf in a nightclub , just hours before the match at southampton on 24 march .
industry magazine what car ?
leading f1 commercial figure zak brown has been contacted by mclaren as the company seeks a replacement .
more than 1,000 tombs and 3,000 ancient settlements were also revealed by looking at infra - red images which show up underground buildings .
it 's that time when clubs scramble to strengthen their squads , to find a player who can shoot them to glory or one who can save them from relegation .
the idea will be looked at as part of a wider study of transport issues across southern scotland .
mr ordonez said gen palomino would be investigated over the alleged creation of a male prostitution ring .
st clare 's catholic primary school in birmingham has met with equality leaders at the city council to discuss a complaint from the pupil 's family .
net mortgage lending fell to # 2.4 bn in the april - to - june quarter , down from # 3.5 bn a year earlier .
yet for some chocolate firms the fact that most easter eggs are hollow is more than just disappointing , it 's problematic .
27 september 2016 last updated at 06:53 bst
more than 1,000 drivers and engineers were set to stage the walkout on bank holiday monday in a dispute over rosters .
the seamer goes straight into the squad for the opening county championship match at northampton on friday .
12 august 2016 last updated at 11:51 bst
miller turned in lloyd dyer 's cross in the fourth minute of added time .
on monday it emerged a pit bull named stella had been kept in a 3 ft by 9 ft cage for two years without exercise .
the real madrid forward headed the vital goal in cyprus as wales won 1 - 0 in nicosia and stay top of group b.
one of tata 's two galvanised steel lines could be closed from the end of october or november , according to keith jordan from the community union .
it was in response to a bomb threat made over the phone , local media said .
a ray winstone - like voice is programmed to say ` ` do n't even think about it '' and ` ` put it down , put it back '' as soon as the card is removed from the bag .
a scottish canals team used google street view 's trekker camera backpack to capture attractions including the crinan canal and the falkirk wheel .
richard callaghan , of rathmore crescent in creggan , londonderry , pleaded guilty to being involved in the supply of cocaine and herbal cannabis .
the louisiana governor , a likely contender for his party 's presidential nomination in 2016 , said a number of republicans had ` ` damaged the brand '' by making ` ` offensive and bizarre '' comments .
too many pupils with symptoms of depression or anxiety are let down or ignored , claims charity mindfull .
david buchanan , 18 , of haslemere , surrey , admitted two counts of hacking and one of impairing the operation of or hindering access to a computer .
a gareth anscombe drop - goal edged blues 23 - 20 ahead after gloucester josh hohneck was yellow carded .
it comes after denbighshire council was granted permission to compulsorily purchase the former north wales hospital in denbigh .
the uk government has announced measures to speed up development .
govia thameslink -lrb- gtr -rrb- , parent company of southern rail , paid # 2,233,000 in 2015 - 16 , which it said was about 50 % more that in 2014 - 15 .
the visitors , who were fourth having drawn 10 of their 17 unbeaten games , led through nadiem amiri but timo werner tapped in an equaliser .
scotland voted no to independence in 2014 following an often frenzied campaign and a record - breaking turnout of 84.6 % .
at the start of each month elena , a 40-year - old muscovite , spreads all the family cash on the table and starts dividing it into small piles .
andre andre gave porto the lead , volleying in after asmir begovic pushed away yacine brahimi 's effort .
ministers are looking to limit access to benefits , health care and housing when freedom to work controls on romanians and bulgarians end .
ibori was jailed in the uk for fraud totalling nearly # 50 m in 2012 .
raban alou , 18 , is charged with aiding and abetting the killing of police accountant curtis cheng , 58 , on 2 october .
the hosts dominated the match but could not find a way past the tigers goalkeeper , who brilliantly kept out zlatan ibrahimovic 's long - range strike and paul pogba 's driving effort in the first half .
the comments came ahead of his budget speech , in which he cut the country 's growth forecast for 2016 to 0.9 % , down from 1.7 % .
max jowitt crossed early on after good work by craig hall , but three quick tries by tony gigot , dave taylor and justin horo put the hosts in control .
it happened at about 20:30 gmt on saturday at the antrim road shop .
full - back denton , 20 , curled in a fine effort in the first half as the whites won a second - straight away game .
a 911 caller said ` ` they were going to blow up the statue of liberty '' , the national park service said .
it made the allegations in a damning report compiled after interviews with more than 200 rohingya refugees who fled from myanmar to bangladesh .
curtis has served the swans as a community officer , youth coach , first team coach -lrb- twice -rrb- , assistant manager , caretaker manager -lrb- twice -rrb- , match day host and head of youth development .
radwan hamed collapsed during a game in belgium in 2006 .
bruce dewey , 36 , was spotted by sussex police as he drove his honda legend in tarring road in chichester in february .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has been invited by the flemish government to flanders in belgium , where the battle of messines took place in 1917 .
ann maguire , 61 , was killed at corpus christi catholic college in leeds , in april 2014 .
ciarán maxwell , 30 , has been charged with one offence of terrorism , one of fraud and one of possessing cannabis .
commentators on the internet have been quick to make fun of mr boehner over the years , but his willingness to show emotion has also endeared him to many .
there was a protest in the public gallery after the decision on the glyn rhonwy pump storage project was made .
the made - up elwyn davies was second only to ukip mep nathan gill in name recognition , ahead of jill evans , derek vaughan and kay swinburne .
no demos on the streets of athens - even though the syriza government is poised to agree and implement yet more austerity and liberalisation measures , mandated by creditors and of the ilk that till recently it characterised as hateful .
the screenplay has been written by eric roth - who won an oscar for forrest gump .
with all the results now declared , jac larner of cardiff university sums up the night for wales ' five main parties .
the glasgow - born defender , 21 , was with celtic 's development squad before spending a season on loan at dumbarton .
the 22-year - old saints youth product has joined the chairboys on a free transfer after spending four months on loan at adams park this season .
omar khan , 31 , had worked at the johnson partnership in nottingham for five years before he was arrested .
cheshire is home to major employers in science and manufacturing , housing developers are eager - some would say too eager - to build new homes , and it could soon have two high - speed rail stations .
paulo roberto costa - who is in jail and being investigated for involvement in the alleged scheme - named a minister , governors and congressmen .
sturm won a split decision after a superb fight with two judges favouring sturm by 116 - 112 and the other seeing it 115 - 113 for macklin .
at least 80 people were killed during the attack on the 1,500-seat venue during a sell - out gig by us rock group eagles of death metal .
the 35-year - old schoolteacher told the court that her digestive system sometimes converts food into alcohol .
reading 's danson , who has scored 89 international goals , suffered a hand injury in february and missed test series against australia and germany .
boro were the busiest premier league club in july , making a total of eight new signings .
the senegal international , 26 , joined for # 9 m from lille in july 2015 and played 35 times as villa were relegated from the premier league last season .
the report , a summary of which was released by the homeland security department , said the agency needed more plainclothes and uniformed staff .
fosun is offering 451 m euros -lrb- Â # 355 m ; $ 580 m -rrb- for the business , which is 51 % owned by the espirito santo family .
the exhibition growing up in the city at the museum of liverpool boasts 25 evocative photographs which capture the life of children over more than 100 years .
chasing 268 in the first test , australia were all out for 161 , their innings finishing with a record 154 consecutive deliveries without a run .
tierra del fuego judge lilian herraez ordered the authorities to seize boats and other assets worth $ 156 m .
` ` i have been smoking three or four joints a day since i was 13 , '' he says .
the women were serving as medics at a field hospital in western aleppo .
the appeal , launched on a donations website , received more than 2,000 contributions within three days .
foreign investors have been blamed for driving up the cost of real estate in toronto and vancouver .
the stone got past the elephant 's fence and a ditch separating the animal and visitors , the zoo said in a statement .
the death toll doubled over the last two days as officials found more than 100 bodies once waters began receding .
malorie bantala , 22 , gave birth at 32 weeks to a stillborn boy following the assault in london in june this year .
the call was made at a scrutiny meeting of the council to discuss the problems surrounding the new vessel .
the incident was said to have happened as mr galloway gave a talk in the university 's new king 's building .
lancashire batsman livingstone , who scored 129 from 83 balls for england lions against south africa a last week , is one of five uncapped players named .
-lsb- president barack -rsb- obama must now start focusing on our country , jobs , healthcare and all of our many problems , '' he tweeted .
fly - half sexton and flanker o'brien have both recovered from calf injuries and should be available at murrayfield .
pro - eu centrist emmanuel macron made the comments as he and his far - right rival marine le pen held rallies in the last week of campaigning .
joshua dobby appeared at bromley magistrates ' court earlier charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving .
her path to being the chief strategy officer of internet security firm rsa started when she travelled on her own to the us at 11-years - old .
apple music performed a u - turn over payment policy a day after the pop star threatened to prevent the us firm from streaming her album 1989 .
the authors , including a team from edinburgh university , say children born to overweight mothers are at greater risk of health problems in later life .
under the dome explains the social and health costs of pollution , and was watched by more than 100 million people online , sparking debates .
the company also said it had seen ` ` no evidence '' of any impact of the vote in markets outside the uk .
beach buddies , established in 2006 , co - ordinates weekly operations around the isle of man 's coast .
a partial eclipse was visible in australia , parts of south east asia and the pacific .
bailly is due to have a medical this week and terms are thought to have been agreed with the 22-year - old , who will cost the red devils about # 30 m .
no - one was in the vehicle when it careered rear - end first into the side of the building in dromore road retail park in omagh at about 17:00 bst on thursday .
` ` many injured - some head injuries , burns , cuts and bruises , '' tweeted bbc science reporter rebecca morelle .
the company 's boss has outlined new plans for the social network .
john biggadike died when he fell while in the hoist and was impaled on a metal post at boston pilgrim hospital .
sergeant randy johnson , 34 , was killed in an explosion near baghdad in 2007 , woolwich crown court heard .
the order was issued by field marshal bernard law montgomery after he witnessed the surrender of nazi forces in northern europe on 4 may .
the 26-year - old midfielder signed a one - month deal at fratton park on monday and made his debut against coventry in the efl cup 24 hours later .
analysts say north korea has several nuclear warheads but this development would be an advance as submarine - fired devices are difficult to detect .
the military says all but eight of the 129 girls have escaped , but parents of the girls say many are still missing .
9 may 2015 last updated at 09:34 bst
a 26-year - old man sustained facial injuries during the incident on a number 9a bus travelling on paisley road , tradeston , towards penilee .
media playback is unsupported on your device
craig rodger , 25 , was hit by a porsche as he crossed wilbraham road in chorlton , manchester , in march 2014 .
the 71-year - old was crushed under the vehicle as she crossed princes street opposite the waverley steps and beside the balmoral hotel on thursday .
ms khobragade was arrested in new york on suspicion of visa fraud and making false statements , after being accused of underpaying her indian maid .
ben , from sheffield , was 21 months old when he disappeared on 24 july 1991 .
reports in france suggest the borussia monchengladbach winger will stand by his decision at the 2015 nations cup to take a break from internationals .
about 10 caravans arrived at the king george v playing fields car park in topsham road , exeter on friday .
the 33 ft -lrb- 10 m -rrb- deep hole appeared in fontmell close , st albans , a former clay pit site , on 1 october last year .
the institute for public policy research -lrb- ippr -rrb- scotland said the party could generate between # 1.1 bn and # 1.2 bn by 2020/21 .
the scots can reach the world cup quarter - finals with a victory at st james ' park on saturday .
it is adopting a cardiff university professor 's approach which he says has made the welsh capital safer than similar sized uk cities .
the tiny crustaceans are a naturally - occurring parasite that can cause disease and are responsible for many losses to wild and farmed fish stocks .
but the co - founder and chief executive of uk chocolate shop chain hotel chocolat says he was actually inspired to set up his own business after seeing the success of his father 's other company - a printing firm .
finn , 27 , played in the first test at lord 's but was dropped for old trafford where england won to level the series .
in the late 1960s / early 1970s , the ice fields slipping down mont blanc and the surrounding mountains of the european range covered some 375 sq km .
the qpr defender , 36 , released a statement saying his ` ` wonderful wife and soul mate '' rebecca ellison had ` ` passed away peacefully '' at a london hospital .
the service is available to three customers travelling to the republic of ireland , australia , italy , austria , hong kong , sweden and denmark .
staff were told on tuesday that the city centre business had gone into liquidation with the loss of 53 jobs .
business secretary sajid javid told the green investment bank 's annual meeting he would start ` ` exploring options '' to bring in private investors .
killie moved eight points clear of bottom side dundee united with a 3 - 0 win over st johnstone on saturday .
party officials opted not to automatically reselect mohammad asghar , prompting an open contest .
media playback is not supported on this device
ferrari were the only team to run the soft tyre , which is about a second a lap faster than the medium used by mercedes .
scientists found a single dose of the protein hi1a worked on lab rats .
menstruation is generally a taboo topic in india , something that is rarely talked about openly .
david annett , 38 , of church road , dromara pleaded guilty at craigavon crown court to a total of four charges .
the competition kicked off on friday evening as ayr united beat neighbours kilmarnock 1 - 0 in group e.
the greater ardoyne residents collective -lrb- garc -rrb- is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long - running dispute in the area .
deliveries of the double - decker will now fall from 15 this year to 12 in 2018 and eight in 2019 , airbus said .
the members of the fsb , the russian intelligence agency , conspired with criminal hackers , according to doj officials announcing the charges .
he is accused along with his son , bello abba mohammed , of diverting $ 1.5 m -lrb- Â # 1 m -rrb- that was meant to buy arms for soldiers fighting islamist boko haram militants .
poor weather conditions are forcing the solar impulse craft to head to japan to land .
catherine seeley was subjected to the abuse after she was co - opted as a sinn féin councillor in craigavon , county armagh .
media playback is not supported on this device
after beating france 19 - 10 , wales have two wins and a draw as they travel to face unbeaten england at twickenham in round four .
alasdair mccrone , of mull theatre , and gordon mclean , of the arts centre an tobar , were among three directors of the umbrella body comar .
the fields affected , and another eight associated platforms , produce about 10 % of the uk 's oil output .
the ruling is likely to encourage thousands of passengers with similar claims in the uk .
trading standards officers working with sniffer dogs uncovered the illicit haul at six properties in the freeman street area of the town .
french - based sanofi closed its drug manufacturing site in fawdon in 2015 with the loss of 450 jobs .
the man was crossing abbot adams bridge in main street , kilwinning , at about 03:00 when he was hit by a blue vauxhall corsa .
wru chairman gareth davies confirmed the move was made after regions had ` ` upped the ante '' over the wales international 's contract .
the assessments should indicate whether chemical weapons were used and if so the agent involved .
the side 's appearance in france will be its first at a major tournament since the 1958 world cup .
welshman compton , 27 , joins on a one - year deal after leaving yeovil town .
membership of the labour party has soared since the general election and mr corbyn believes most of these new members are his supporters .
the glasgow club said the employee , who is now dead , had worked at partick for two years .
the leaflets said the patient had been referred for an urgent appointment as their symptoms might indicate cancer .
chief inspector of schools meilyr rowlands told ams it was partly due to the ` ` unintended consequences '' of how schools ' performance is measured .
the 2004 winner , who has battled health and alcohol problems for several years , has not played at lakeside since 2006 and will not feature there in 2016 .
the band have revealed they were asked to write a signature tune for the movie , but it ` ` did n't work out '' and the song was not used .
the scene from alice in wonderland in wardie primary 's assembly hall dates back to 1936 and was recently restored with a heritage lottery fund .
after decades of struggle for a more equal society , it is now presumed that every disabled child will get the opportunity to attend a mainstream school where possible .
the traditional turkey meals are for patients , but tens of thousands of staff working on the big day will tuck in to their dinner in a hospital canteen .
the tennis integrity unit said lindahl plotted to throw a match at a minor australian tournament in 2013 .
the 19-year - old is in her second year of competition at the federation internationale du ski -lrb- fis -rrb- snowboard cross world cup circuit .
i ' ve previously blogged about the strategy 's controversial plans to create banning orders for extremist groups .
silverwood 's side head the division one table by 41 points with five games remaining , the first of them at home to somerset starting on monday .
nabila nanfuka , 22 , and laurene - danielle jackson , 19 , were killed at the lava and ignite nightclub in northampton in october 2011 .
the 37-year - old led the robins to last season 's challenge cup final , but was sacked last month .
the advert for its invisible deodorant range said ` ` white is purity '' across an image of a woman .
ben earl , alex mitchell and josh bayliss scored england 's tries , with max malins adding one conversion .
the flybe passenger aircraft was flying at about 900 ft -lrb- 275 m -rrb- and was about 2 miles -lrb- 3 km -rrb- from cornwall airport newquay when it happened on tuesday afternoon , police said .
in its annual report , the charity said its local workers carried out a total of 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015/16 .
sterling did subsequently recover some of the losses .
mansfield striker matt green hit the post as both sides struggled on a poor pitch in a goalless first half .
the saints boss had been linked with rangers and aberdeen in recent months .
two crews and a hovercraft from weston - super - mare were called just after midnight to rescue two adults and the children from uphill beach .
charlie austin put the home side ahead with a penalty after shane long was fouled by martin kelly 's challenge .
bower has made 52 appearances for warriors in all competitions since joining from leicester tigers in 2014 .
the watchdog said these were some of the ` ` main barriers '' to local authority participation in the scheme .
the giants ' blair riley replied to david clarke 's early goal as the sides went in level after the first period .
infrastructure minister keith brown has confirmed that officers have discussed a feasibility study on linking the rail line with carlisle , through hawick .
mr farron said political leaders should not ` ` pontificate on theological matters '' .
it meant they only managed a single batting point , having begun the game at beckenham 24 behind leaders essex .
jamieson followed his first - round 67 with a 65 on friday , while bjork has gone 65 , 67 to leave both on 10 under .
ashya was being treated in hospital in southampton when his parents took him abroad without telling staff last year .
dale hart , 54 , and michael smart , 37 , both of pencoed , and christopher bennett , 61 , of port talbot , pleaded guilty to the production of cannabis .
instead she came out swinging against donald trump in a scathing speech that made clear she 's looking to appeal to a broad centre in the general election .
however the social democrat -lrb- spo -rrb- christian kern said he could not work with any groups that ` ` incite against people and minorities '' .
simon dredge suffered life - threatening injuries in the crash on wednesday .
the hatters , a top - flight side 22 years ago , are 14 points clear at the top of the conference premier , a league they have been in since 2009 after 89 years in the football league .
the foreign secretary philip hammond 's visit to tripoli is intended to provide visible international backing for the fledgling government of national accord .
the visitors went in front when luke summerfield 's free - kick was met by a deft touch by dave winfield .
five independent commissioners will provide recommendations to deal with violence against the country 's indigenous women .
lil ' chris , whose real name was chris hardman , rose to fame in channel 4 's rock school .
the teams came head - to - head in the fa cup quarter - final , with chelsea winning the match 1 - 0 .
a number of leading politicians have stepped down from their positions within the northern ireland executive including peter robinson who was the first minister .
trott hit 175 as warwickshire totalled 413 at taunton , backed by half - centuries from tim ambrose -lrb- 63 -rrb- and rikki clarke -lrb- 57 -rrb- .
the 47-year - old was on a practice run for a race in an electric car for the amazon prime show when the vehicle burst into flames .
anscombe has been out since december with a groin injury which was the latest issue to sideline the new zealand - born outside - half .
he had been making his way down the south ridge of 3,000ft - high tryfan when he slipped on saturday afternoon .
a floor stone dedicated to larkin - who died in 1985 - will join the names of the country 's best - loved poets including wh auden , ts eliot and william wordsworth .
media playback is not supported on this device
the deadline to enter the tournament , which begins on 24 november , was 28 october , but the 39-year - old five - time world champion has declined to enter .
ssafa said there were more than 3,000 calls to forcesline from serving troops last year , up from 1,600 in 2014 .
ex - libyan dissident abdul hakim belhaj says mi6 helped to arrange his and his wife 's rendition - saying they were covertly taken from thailand to libya .
sources say there has been a rise in avalanches , landslide - dammed rivers bursting , glaciers cracking and glacial lakes dangerously filling up .
the 71-year - old 's show was ` ` perfectly pleasant '' , said the times ' reviewer , but was ` ` not full of the sort of comic vitality with which he made his name '' .
they voted unanimously to ask pub firm punch taverns to not allow the corn exchange pub in crickhowell to be turned into a convenience store .
officials believe lawrence phillips , 40 , killed himself early on wednesday .
ocon , 20 , is contracted long - term to mercedes , force india 's engine provider , and has been racing for manor in the second half of this season .
the men , from gambia and senegal , were crushed while working at shredmet ltd in birmingham on 7 july 2016 .
a working reactor caught fire , explosively .
lagmar barking , a joint venture between mar properties and the lagan developments -lrb- holdings -rrb- , owned the vicarage field shopping centre in barking .
oliver schmidt , a former head of vw 's engineering and environmental office in the us , admitted to participating in an attempted cover - up after regulators raised questions the ` ` defeat devices '' .
people started fastening the padlocks to cables on st botolph 's bridge , boston , in lincolnshire , after it opened in 2014 .
the firm admitted releasing a quantity of benzole , exposing five workers to risk of death from flammable vapours coming off it , in june 2011 .
it is hoped the vaccinations will halt the spread of tb from hotspot areas in the south west and west midlands .
several decades later it had become , in the words of prime minister manmohan singh , india 's ` ` greatest internal security challenge '' .
princess anne spoke to well - wishers outside the church after attending the service with her father prince philip , brother prince edward and other royals .
mr vine was riding his bicycle in kensington , west london , on 26 august when a row occurred , hammersmith magistrates ' court was told .
northern ireland 's rea finished second after an exciting duel with welshman davies at the spanish circuit .
the jihadists seized buildings on the eastern edge of the adjacent city of tadmur on thursday , but their push was reportedly halted by the syrian army .
evaldas vaicekauskas was arrested after border force officers intercepted a package from china that he had bought on ebay .
many in the list have been found down old mine tunnels or on slag heaps where water and even fire have had the opportunity to work up novel compounds .
stephen hammond said job roles would change when the paper system for car tax discs is scrapped in october .
the 27-year - old , injured in training on monday , will be replaced in the squad by fellow off - spinner laura marsh .
fellow scrum - half greig laidlaw was scotland 's man of the match in their opening pool b win over japan .
preston , 21 , scored seven goals for the lions last season to retain their national league status following his move from blackburn rovers last summer .
concerns were raised after the youngster drew a picture of a man cutting the vegetable .
the 21-year - old , who has been playing for icelandic side ibv this summer , has signed a one - year deal .
the debate , on thursday , was discussing ` ` serious and widespread failures '' in gloucestershire 's children 's service .
us lifeline for death row dog stella
inflation , as measured by the consumer prices index , rose by 0.3 % .
energy company bg group said it was gradually taking workers from the lomond installation - about 145 miles east of aberdeen - by helicopter .
alex robinson was drowned in the bath two days before christmas at his home .
sir paul is worth an estimated # 20 m more than last year and enjoys a significant boost from his american heiress wife 's # 150 m stake in her family 's us trucking business .
scottish natural heritage -lrb- snh -rrb- , which has issued the advice , had previously heard complaints about ` ` significant problems '' with irresponsible owners .
prices were up to 5.4 % compared to the same quarter in 2015 - in the previous four quarters the annual rise was more than 7 % .
a pre - inquest review was due to take place on monday , but has now been postponed until march .
the germany midfielder ran onto a lofted pass from lucas and , with his back to goal , hooked a volley into the top corner .
an eyewitness said charing cross underground station ` ` filled with smoke '' at about 15:20 bst .
david lipton , second in command at the imf , outlined some of these risks in a speech to the national association for business economics in washington on tuesday .
around 400 residents in east rhyl were forced to leave their properties when severe storms breached the sea defences in december 2013 .
jack letts , 20 , from oxford , who has been dubbed ` ` jihadi jack '' by some newspapers , is said to have left for iraq aged 18 .
thousands of pounds were allegedly stolen when security guards were targeted at the hatfield avenue shell garage in fleetwood on wednesday .
under the policy , the us has formal ties with china rather than the island of taiwan , which china sees as a breakaway province .
the blaze in the aberdeenshire town 's high street in may that year claimed the life of 43-year - old gordon graham .
the partially - dismembered body of david miller , 56 , was found at his flat in patterdale walk in boothville , northampton , on 14 june 2016 .
in a report , the agency says the past decade in europe has been the warmest on record .
alongside them in the shade of a small tent adorned in the colours of the ruling party sit two men and one woman , in whose hands the future of this country are held .
the former striker , still remarkably fresh faced for 40 , is now attempting to make an impact as a premier league manager at cardiff city , having spent three seasons in his native norway in charge of molde .
warner , 26 , was also fined # 7,000 -lrb- au $ 11,500 -rrb- after the incident , which took place in birmingham on sunday morning .
the # 40 m pentland studios project would offer studio space and production facilities in the straiton area of the city .
the ` ` cradle of the arab spring '' will this time see officials of the former government taking part in the election , prompting interim president moncef marzouki to call it a contest between ` ` supporters of the revolution and supporters of the counter - revolution '' .
his widow daphne phoned the pm 's office on saturday to ` ` kindly decline '' the offer , mr abbott said .
open - side flanker sam underhill has been ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury .
` ` i thought it was great , fantastic , '' says tom , one of the 450 or so full - time workers who work shifts preparing and packaging chilled fish destined for the supermarket shelves .
the 24-year - old made four centuries , and anthony hamilton two , as the pair completed a record six consecutive tons when they met on wednesday .
mr cunha was accused of taking $ 5 m in bribes from a company that won contracts with the state oil company , petrobras .
the 26-year - old scored 20 goals in 52 games for bristol city , after signing from french club angers in july 2015 .
white , 26 , has 22 international caps and will join the premiership club from french top 14 side montpellier .
the film about a princess 's mythical journey in ancient polynesia took an estimated $ 81.1 m -lrb- # 65.3 m -rrb- on its debut .
speaking to bbc 's nolan show , the 53-year - old entertainer from donegal said nerves had impacted his performances .
josh gillies beat cameron belford in the visitors ' goal with a fine free - kick to put the tynesiders ahead .
` ` donor fatigue '' had led to funding for sw radio africa drying up , its manager gerry jackson told the bbc .
the visitors took the lead three times in the first half thanks to tries from justin horo , luke walsh and tony gigot .
jackie powell was arrested last year on suspicion of preventing the lawful burial of brady 's victim keith bennett .
the royal institute of british architects -lrb- riba -rrb- centre is housed in the broadway malyan - designed mann island on the waterfront
26 april 2017 last updated at 08:41 bst
claire lomas , from leicestershire , was paralysed from the chest down in a riding accident in 2007 .
the bench was written in english , but the script was changed to polish and actors with no experience enlisted from the town of legnica .
there are thought to have been as many as 200 m downloads of period tracking apps worldwide .
if the 70th un general assembly had a face , it would not only be showing its age , but it would be covered in the cuts and bruises from unending wars , new coups and the perennial problems of poverty , hunger and the new open , weeping sores that are the movements of the desperate and despairing across oceans and borders .
i was a little surprised by all the fuss .
ball , who featured against pakistan a in dubai , has taken six wickets in each of notts ' first two games and is the leading wicket - taker in division one of the county championship so far in 2016 .
the government is currently negotiating with the lib dems and greens to strike a deal to get its budget plans passed .
four women were celebrating on the river dart , devon , on saturday when the vessel became stuck in mud as the tide went out .
ms tiffney , 43 , was last seen leaving her home in edinburgh 's dean village in may 2002 .
town were rewarded for their greater control and threat when the outstanding mooy smashed a 25-yard shot into the top corner after the break .
nottingham - born fletcher , 41 , began his broadcasting career in the city .
steve morgan said the planning system was the biggest barrier to new houses .
the attacks , occurring from 2011 to 2013 , are believed to have been co - ordinated from iranian companies .
the 27-year - old 's career , which started at french club montpellier , has taken him to ukraine and germany and he spent last season on loan at ligue 1 side nice .
giving people the right to buy their council houses and shares in previously nationalised firms such as british telecom and british gas were among the initiatives that won her much support .
the nine - year - old 's family sought redress from nhs england and south central ambulance service after he became unwell in 2007 aged six weeks .
guitarist and co - songwriter johnny marr has released an extract from his upcoming memoir set the boy free in the guardian and said he met with former band mate morrissey in 2008 .
lawro 's opponent for this weekend 's premier league fixtures is two - time world darts champion adrian ` jackpot ' lewis .
the car was bought by rick champagne , a logistics company owner from phoenix , arizona .
afusat saliu , 31 , and bassy , four , and rashidat , two , from leeds , had been due to leave on a virgin atlantic flight to lagos at 22:20 bst on thursday .
the scot , 29 , is the first british singles player to reach top spot since computerised rankings began in 1973 .
ma , 27 , becomes only the fifth man to have won singles titles at the world championships , world cup and olympics .
she became kenya 's first high - profile athlete to fail a test , when she tested positive for performance - enhancing drugs in september .
the former england under-21 international has progressed through the youth system at goodison park and made nine appearances for the toffees .
they cited an unnamed government spokesman saying friday 's strike was an ` ` intolerable act of aggression against a sovereign state '' .
jamal kiyemba , a ugandan , was arrested with the the help of us officials in the capital on tuesday , police added .
the dutch firm said the 26.9 bn euro -lrb- Â # 22.8 bn -rrb- offer undervalued akzo and showed a ` ` lack of cultural understanding of the brand '' .
police were alerted to the stabbing in harehills lane , harehills , at about 15:40 gmt .
chelsea reigned supreme from day one , clinched the title with room to spare and were the standout team of the season - both in defence and attack .
the cash comes from chip maker marvell which became a supporter and sponsor of olpc in early 2009 .
andrew barnes , 61 , hit luke down with four heavy axe blows to his head , leaving him with brain injuries and close to death .
the existing system , called greenlight , is to be replaced with a scheme called steam direct .
the emergency services were called to the property in the sangomore area of durness at about 02:00 .
media playback is not supported on this device
barry gray 's side have taken maximum points from their last four matches , scoring 12 goals and conceding none .
the women had been legally married for a few months after one of them passed as a man in front of an islamic cleric who presided over their wedding .
nairn coastguard rescue team made the find at duck island near culbin forest on sunday afternoon .
thirteen people were killed when british paratroopers opened fire on a civil rights march through the city in january 1972 .
bbc director general tony hall set out plans for the next decade , saying the corporation will become an ` ` open bbc for the internet age '' .
blackwell , 25 , suffered a bleed on the brain in a loss to eubank in march and was put in an induced coma .
bert davidson , from hopeman , near elgin , had not seen his 1929 humber since he sold it nearly 60 years ago .
the 33-year - old , whose previous clubs also include derry city and tranmere rovers , played 114 times for rovers .
sentinel-1b was carried into orbit by a soyuz rocket that flew out of sinamary in french guiana .
the visitors shaded a first half which ended with a spectacular save from cardiff goalkeeper david marshall to deny jonathan kodjia .
the 60-year - old man was scuba diving at agincourt reef in far north queensland when he was seen to be in trouble , tour operator quicksilver said .
jerome lavrilleux said the former president was not aware of the ` ` slip '' .
hughes qualified on residency this summer and features for the first time under head coach eddie jones .
the body of peter wrighton , 83 , was found three miles south of east harling in norfolk on 5 august .
highways england plans to ` ` increase capacity and reduce congestion '' between worthing and lancing .
media playback is not supported on this device
three years ago , rugby league legend andy johnson and his wife alex received the news that all parents dread - their ` ` cheeky , excitable and a big softy at heart '' young son was diagnosed with an incurable condition which will probably claim his life before he turns 30 .
students said the error meant there were two possible correct answers to the multiple choice questions .
scottish fire and rescue 's water rescue units from perth and glenrothes attended the incident under the gannochy bridge in edzell .
andrew hutchinson , from abingdon , oxfordshire , pleaded guilty to rape , sexual assault and voyeurism committed from 2011 to 2013 .
the briton produced a stunning lap to be 0.360 seconds quicker than mercedes team - mate nico rosberg - and seemed as if he may have been able to go faster .
sheikh obeikan , who was an adviser to the royal cabinet , opposed moves to relax gender segregation .
from 21 june , edf customers will see electricity prices increase by 9 % and gas prices go up by 5.5 % .
in 2013/14 , 99,293 students went to further education colleges , but that fell to 82,818 in 2015/16 .
it would make the disused fawley power station chimney the tallest such attraction south of london 's shard .
under anti - tax avoidance rules , if someone 's tax arrangements are found to be ` ` abusive '' they must pay back the tax they have avoided .
daniel bragg , 37 , hit julie cook , 44 , so hard he broke her left eye socket in the assault , police said .
the 63-year - old retiree used to practice her religion by praying at temples , but now she volunteers seven days a week at a recycling centre to raise funds for taiwan 's buddhist association tzu chi .
the 19-year - old was called up into the wales senior squad for the first time for the world cup qualifier against serbia earlier this month .
in comparison , it is long on her vision of ` ` a great meritocracy '' and short on specific policies that could become hostages to fortune in government .
alesha o'connor , rhodri miller , corey price , all 17 and from barry , vale of glamorgan , and margaret challis , 66 , from merthyr tydfil , were killed near storey arms , brecon , in march 2015 .
sergeant peter rayner , 34 , from bradford , west yorkshire , of 2nd battalion the duke of lancaster 's regiment , was killed on friday .
both are senior managers and have a long track record with fox .
baroness campbell , 56 , is the former boss of uk sport .
28 april 2017 last updated at 16:43 bst
speaking about the 1948 contract nye bevan , the founding father of the nhs , offered consultants , he said he had ` ` stuffed their mouths with gold '' .
it has announced changes to the heavily criticised and regularly overspent cancer drugs fund , which pays for drugs the nhs has deemed unaffordable .
anatoly kucherena told reporters his client would remain in the transit zone at moscow 's sheremetyevo airport , where he has been for the past month .
police scotland said two men broke into the farm house near to corsock , castle douglas , between 23:30 on thursday and 01:00 on friday .
the former scotland under-21 international was released by crystal palace after he failed to make an appearance during his two years .
yves jego has launched a drive on the change.org website calling for vegetarian alternatives to be compulsory in all schools .
producers of precious metals were particularly hard hit .
the main parties failed to break the political deadlock after december 's inconclusive elections .
the board of control for cricket in india -lrb- bcci -rrb- missed a deadline to name a squad for the tournament after the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- changed its revenue - sharing model .
india were cruising to their target of 349 - and the highest successful run - chase in australia - as both shikhar dhawan and virat kohli made hundreds .
webb has not played since suffering a serious foot injury in a world cup warm - up with italy in september .
clinical trials are the key to getting that data - and without volunteers to take part in the trials , there would be no new treatments for serious diseases such as cancer , multiple sclerosis and arthritis .
media playback is unsupported on your device
after another set of economic figures stronger than expected , is this economic pain cancelled , or simply postponed ?
an active male role in the early stages of babies ' development produced better performance in cognitive tests by the age of two , researchers found .
striker aluko , 30 , quit the team in may 2016 after making the claims .
the squeeze has resulted in reduced opening hours , the removal of play equipment , toilets closing and more litter , vandalism and rats , mps said .
first minister alex salmond confirmed the project will receive an award of # 2.2 m .
a letter sent by party activists in north wales claimed michelle brown has been ` ` abrasive and discourteous '' to them .
on saturday afternoon , members of the public have been invited to take part in planting thousands of new trees at brackfield wood in the faughan valley .
the visitors came from behind after romelu lukaku fired in to reward everton for their early dominance .
the 57-year - old has spent the last 18 years working for the club 's academy at their bodymoor heath training ground .
bernard kenny , 78 , was stabbed as he intervened when thomas mair attacked mrs cox in his home village of birstall , west yorkshire , a year ago .
early this morning , nicola sturgeon announced she would be giving an ` ` important speech '' today in the grand surroundings of bute house , her official residence .
the 32-year - old , who earned his only cap for wales in 2006 , has spent time at eight clubs including nottingham forest , yeovil and peterborough .
the charity said there had been a total of 137 convictions in the same period .
the chiefs secured a bonus point before the break as thomas waldrom scored two tries and jack nowell and mitch lees also crossed the whitewash .
the pass wide and slow wales campaign has collected 1,300 signatures on the assembly 's e - petition website .
the pm attended a summit of eu leaders in brussels before leaving while they discussed their approach to brexit .
exam regulator ofqual says there were more than 572,000 queries over grades - an increase of 27 % .
zaporizhya is typical of eastern ukraine in that it was full of communist monuments and street names .
st michael 's hospital is joining other uk foetal medicine centres to set up a twin - to - twin transfusion syndrome -lrb- ttts -rrb- registry to share information .
media playback is unsupported on your device
interior minister abdikarim hussein guled told the bbc that 15 people had been injured after a car exploded outside the hotel maka .
atkinson , who can also play in midfield , has made 20 appearances for the magpies since signing in july 2015 , following his release by west brom .
an israeli tv report revealed $ 127,000 of public money was spent on fitting the room on his flight to attend former uk pm margaret thatcher 's funeral .
nearly 400 children under the age of 12 have been spoken to by police in the last three years in england and wales .
it follows 55,000 job cuts announced earlier this year .
the team - mates collided while racing for the lead on the last lap of the austrian grand prix on sunday .
nico rosberg headed team - mate lewis hamilton by 0.505 secs after the briton made a mistake on his best lap .
scientists in london created an artificial windpipe which was then coated in stem cells from the patient .
the royal zoological society of scotland -lrb- rzss -rrb- has placed male bear arktos in with female victoria at its highland wildlife park near aviemore .
slade 's side are one point off the top six in seventh with nine games to play .
the french duo , seeded seventh , beat russian fifth seeds ekaterina makarova and elena vesnina 6 - 3 2 - 6 6 - 4 .
the roughyeds , fourth from bottom of the second tier , led 24 - 6 at the break with tries from will hope , richard lepori , steve roper and adam clay .
having won the toss and chosen to bat against the pink ball , the hosts got through the opening session untroubled .
the body of kimberley jones , 25 , was found by a paramedic at the house in cwmbach , aberdare , on 9 august , 2013 .
russia 's interfax news agency said on monday that bastion missile - launchers had been sent to kaliningrad .
mr turnbull , himself a republican , said momentum must come from the public , and that he did not want to face another ` ` heroic defeat '' in a referendum .
media playback is not supported on this device
mohammad thneibat said countries such as jordan faced a ` ` serious problem '' in coping with so many young refugees .
six other people , including bobby storey , sinn féin 's northern chairman , will also not face charges linked to the 1972 killing .
government figures show 59,090 households were accepted as homeless by councils in england between april 2016 and march 2017 .
about seven miles -lrb- 11 km -rrb- of shoreline , including beaches at great yarmouth , gorleston and from scratby to north denes , were affected by the flooding .
charlie dunn , from tamworth , died in hospital after being found submerged in the blue lagoon area at bosworth water park in leicestershire on 23 july .
the lions looked the more dangerous side in the early stages and experienced striker steve morison twice hammered efforts over the crossbar .
users of the popular miaopai and sina weibo social networks are commenting on how moved they are by the decision of bai yan , a 55-year - old police dog handler , to create a special home specifically for service industry dogs .
dick advocaat quit sunderland on sunday with the black cats second - bottom of the premier league and winless in their opening eight games .
the visitors went ahead thanks to a 24th minute penalty by peter whittingham , but were pegged back by a great strike from substitute sullay kaikai with six minutes left .
officers were called at about 02:30 bst following reports that a man in his 30s had been attacked in greenbrow road , wythenshawe .
tigers are fifth after a season of struggle which has seen them sack director of rugby richard cockerill .
the firm , which has had a presence in the city for more than 30 years , says it follows a restructuring review .
nats prestwick expects to handle more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season this year - an increase of 15,000 on last year .
it marks the final instalment in british director christopher nolan 's trilogy , starring christian bale .
his wife marina can still recall the last time she saw him .
the crash happened at about 13:00 gmt on the a607 in waddington .
mr kasyanov , a former prime minister , is a high - profile critic of russian president vladimir putin , in the opposition rpr - parnas party .
barbara stensland , 43 , from cardiff , went to carmarthen on 5 august .
a victim is taking legal action to force an independent inquiry with power to compel witnesses and the security services to hand over documents .
the 58-year - old spent three months in charge of the addicks at the end of the 2013 - 14 campaign , keeping the club in the championship .
simon marsh , 55 , of st michael and all angels church of england church in bramhall , stockport , was the subject of an investigation lasting 15 months .
the anglo - south african company said its current structure was ` ` too costly '' and inefficient .
the serbian fa has been charged with alleged racist chanting by fans and both associations over the behaviour of players at the end of the game .
media playback is not supported on this device
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- said some punters did not get the deal they expected from sign - up promotions offering cash bonuses to attract them to gaming websites .
mons graupius in ad 83 or 84 saw the 9th hispana , its cohorts and roman cavalry defeat 30,000 caledonians .
mohammed sarul islam believes changing the name would generate publicity and act as a memorial .
mining firm om manganese was found guilty on friday - the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted in australia for desecration of a sacred site .
for just over a year when i was 14 years old , i suffered from anorexia nervosa .
the incident happened in december when the 18-year - old man suffered what was described at the time as a broken jaw .
thirty specialist staff will be appointed across wales to look after women with prenatal and postnatal mental health illnesses .
in 2008 , elderly residents were moved out of greyhound opening in norwich and senior city council officers moved in .
shadow culture secretary maria eagle called the rumoured plans ` ` unacceptable interference '' .
writing on facebook , vine said he too had been attacked as a 15-year - old .
toby ricketts and marianna fenn tied the ` ` noodle knot '' in the new zealand south island town of akaroa .
media playback is not supported on this device
the kremlin 's dreams of a us - russian rapprochement under president donald trump were shattered by the american tomahawk cruise missiles slamming into the syrian air base .
the discovery was made after another child was threatened in the school 's playground on 4 march .
sydney 's daily telegraph reported the investigation concerns two games involving the north sydney - based manly sea eagles last year .
the south will have three teams , with one based at the oval with surrey , who pipped a joint bid by middlesex and the mcc for the one london spot .
susan fowler , a software engineer , wrote a blog post about a ` ` very , very strange year at uber '' .
lancashire 's loss to warwickshire meant hampshire needed to win to survive .
oxford university awarded seven honorary degrees , including to lib dem peer shirley williams , at its annual encaenia ceremony .
brace will take on an as yet unnamed opponent for the vacant wbc international bantamweight title .
the 25-year - old moved to the red rose from somerset in 2013 and his new deal ties him to the club until 2019 .
media playback is not supported on this device
selby beat xiao guodong 13 - 6 in the second round to set up a meeting with either marco fu or neil robertson .
lost for words was written , as critics have noted , after st aubyn 's novel , at last , was overlooked by booker judges .
hull city councillor steven bayes also pleaded not guilty to possessing an extreme pornographic image when he appeared at the city 's crown court .
were you in nepal when the earthquake struck ?
having heard submissions from glentoran and the match officials and also having viewed footage , the committee was not satisfied that an error had occurred .
gareth southgate 's side went out in the group stage in the czech republic .
but archaeologist steve clarke believes this fortified farmhouse once stood on stilts on a manmade island in an ice age lake 4,900 years ago .
the prince was welcomed to the village of surama in the iwokrama rainforest with a feathered headdress , before he watched a cultural dance around a pole .
27 december 2016 last updated at 09:00 gmt
he made the comments at a news briefing in his home city , davao , on tuesday , where he also unveiled his new cabinet .
the 34-year - old canadian joins the giants from the austrian hockey league side villacher sv .
total fitness bosses say they were sorry difficulties over a lease caused them to leave the building on stansty road .
the blaze took hold of the royal victoria hospital building at about 16:20 .
moments after chris evans announced he was stepping down as a presenter on top gear , twitter users took to social media to comment about the number of recent high - profile resignations in politics and sport .
the data , published in the lancet , shows that only one in 200 women - or 0.5 % - is still doing any degree of breastfeeding after a year .
djokovic , 29 , swept past seventh seed tomas berdych 6 - 3 7 - 5 6 - 3 as he bids to win his first title at roland garros and complete the career grand slam .
procter made a dogged 137 , his highest first - class score , and alviro petersen a sparkling 81 in a total of 465 , a first - innings lead of 347 .
former actor john denham , 49 , said conversations he had had about it were ` ` fantasy '' and he did not think ` ` any of that stuff '' would happen .
gb 's 2008 men 's 4x400 m relay team moved up from fourth to third after russia 's denis alekseyev failed a drugs test when his sample was retested .
brittany carter , 23 , is accused of performing a sex act on the 29-year - old driver while corey jackson , 20 , allegedly held a knife to his throat .
the fire , which is being treated as deliberate , was first reported at about 11:00 bst on sunday .
smith , 26 , already leads the one - day side and will also captain the twenty20 team in the absence of the injured aaron finch .
mr johnson , who returned to the commons at the election , told lbc he would be best placed to continue to fight expansion by staying in parliament .
the 59-year - old was the first american to manage a premier league club , but lasted just 85 days before being sacked by the swans in december 2016 .
jonathan platt successfully contested a fine from isle of wight council for taking his young daughter on a family holiday to florida in april .
people for the ethical treatment of animals -lrb- peta -rrb- wants the mascot to be replaced with a modern animal - friendly version .
nine families have been resettled in aberdeenshire in the past few weeks .
he set up a security agency , bringing together counter - terrorism and domestic intelligence under the authority of a single body .
pham minh hoang had written articles that ` ` blackened the image of the country '' , according to the judge at the trial in ho chi minh city .
east lindsey district council 's planning committee said the site near skegness was too rural and not ` ` well connected '' .
the dj will be joined on the dorset festival line - up by 90s girl group all saints and frankie goes to hollywood frontman holly johnson .
investment in tv drama has fallen by 44 % since the last review in 2008 .
hm inspectorate of probation found delays in getting offenders to start their work , and said too many were let off if they did not attend .
media playback is not supported on this device
university hospital coventry is undergoing remedial work because its structures ` ` were not as robust '' as originally planned .
victory over her czech opponent would have put konta in with a chance of breaking into the top 20 of the world rankings for the first time .
the character with a huge papier mache head was the alter - ego of musician and comedian chris sievey , who died in 2010 .
bent rescued a point for the rams against sheffield wednesday , heading in the equaliser a minute after coming off the bench on saturday .
the dungannon rider suffered chest and pelvic injuries in the crash on 12 may .
vincent barker , known as vinnie , died in july 2012 , five months after he had a routine eye test at boots in ipswich .
letters from the department of environment to a range of organisations that work in areas like tourism , environmental heritage and hills management , began arriving on wednesday .
it said just 8 % of councils had built enough to replace half of their stock sold through the scheme , which allows council tenants to buy their homes .
david davis rebuffed nicola sturgeon 's calls for holyrood to be given powers over areas such as immigration as part of any deal with brussels .
the exiles remain in the league two relegation zone , a point behind hartlepool with four matches to play .
the 18-year - old can play at right - back , centre - half and in central midfield .
laws , 26 , had been training with arsenal but has decided to remain in the north east by swapping sunderland for wsl 2 club durham .
trinity led 16 - 10 at the break after tries from former cas centre joe arundel -lrb- 2 -rrb- and stand - off jacob miller .
the 68-year - old from bournemouth died when his vauxhall astra hit a nissan juke on the a31 near corfe mullen .
the polls would have been the first electoral contest between the rival fatah and hamas movements for 10 years .
arthur and joan frost , from prestatyn , denbighshire , lost their daughter julie bennet , and her husband mike in february .
kieran innes , of aberdeen , died after his car crashed on the a90 north of forfar on tuesday morning .
home manager brendan rodgers had changed to three at the back to allow leigh griffiths to play alongside moussa dembele up front .
but roma forward mohamed salah , who has been out with an ankle injury , is among the 27 names on the preliminary list .
the niagara county legislature voted in favour of asking new york 's attorney general to investigate on thursday .
pedrosa , who almost quit the sport this year because of an arm injury , took the lead seven laps from the end .
their last home game , a 4 - 0 win over droylsden , attracted 142 supporters and after staff and players were paid , the tigers were left with # 21 profit .
vehicles and pedestrians will now embark and disembark the cowes ferry separately following maritime and coastguard agency -lrb- mca -rrb- guidance .
the explosions took place at a warehouse owned by ruihai international logistics located in tianjin 's port area .
lady mary soames , who died last year at 91 , was the the last survivor of sir winston 's five children .
they were part of the cargo on the ss politician , which sank off eriskay in the outer hebrides in 1941 .
many sephardic jews were killed , forced to convert to christianity or leave at the end of the 15th century .
suffolk fire and rescue service , which employs about 700 people , may also lose 50 - 60 on - call firefighters as part of the savings plan .
rachubka joined bolton in september 2015 , but made only eight appearances for the club before being leaving at the end of last season .
it says increases will be needed if current trends in teacher recruitment and retention continue .
david montgomery , 39 , was giving evidence for a third day in the trial of 48-year - old ronnie coulter .
italy , wales ' first opponent in the 2017 tournament , have finished bottom of the table 11 times , and georgia and romania have been pushing to be included in the top tier .
the city council wants to add an extra 700 spaces to the east of the seacourt site , which currently has 794 spaces in an attempt to ease congestion .
robert thomson , 18 , from bellshill , was last seen on friday 3 june and reported missing by his family two days later .
debra milke was freed in september 2013 after a record of misconduct by a key detective in the case emerged .
the former business secretary said the offer to take a 25 % stake in the firm 's uk operations is ` ` quite close '' to what he would have offered .
they called on the scottish government to encourage investment in ` ` district heating '' as part of a warm homes act .
most rogue extensions bombard people with ads , but the most malicious steal login names and other valuable data .
29 march 2017 last updated at 15:43 bst
there were more than 2,000 family doctors in september 2014 , excluding registrars , retainers and locums working in around 460 practices .
subhan shafiq stepped down as milton keynes mayor after describing the man as being of ` ` good current character '' .
rojo escaped with a yellow card from referee craig pawson for a two - footed lunge on wilfried zaha during united 's 2 - 1 win at crystal palace on wednesday .
last week , paul kenny was granted bail and banned from attending games after admitting racially abusing sinclair .
21 october 2016 last updated at 15:03 bst
the skeleton of ` ` thankerton man '' was found in a stone cist - a type of burial chamber - at boatbridge quarry , thankerton , south lanarkshire , in 1970 .
in tanzania , campaigning for the october general election began on sunday .
the leinster back - row returns after fracturing three vertebrae in his back in the 18 - 11 win over france .
kirklees council had been consulting on plans to replace paid staff at seven sites in huddersfield with volunteers .
a colony has been roosting in st hilda 's church at ellerburn , close to the north york moors .
schmidt was sent off by the referee for insulting hoffenheim 's julian nagelsmann in saturday 's 3 - 0 home loss .
the research , by william c campbell , satoshi omura and youyou tu , has led to drugs to treat diseases affecting more than 3.4 billion people around the world .
csongor sandor , 30 , of dallow road , luton , was arrested in june after police , acting on information , found a photo of the attack on his phone .
nashat melhem was tracked down to a mosque in his home town of arara and killed in a gun battle , police said .
a leaked document said a group of organisations , also featuring two local nhs trusts , had come together and was the last remaining bidder in the process .
the northern ireland bat group saves grounded and injured bats .
organisers said hundreds of revellers took part in the celebration of the coming of summer .
habtom zerhom was first shot by a security guard at a bus station in beersheba and then kicked and beaten by a crowd as he lay in a pool of blood .
john collins , 74 , terry perkins , 67 , brian reader , 76 , and daniel jones , 58 , pleaded guilty at woolwich crown court .
magicseaweed , founded in 2002 in kingsbridge , provides forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches around the world .
premiership
radical preachers will be banned from posting material online and anyone with convictions for extremist activity will be barred from working with children .
they are worried about losing a rare rest day and the effect on their awards night , paul struthers said .
chloe stott , 18 , is the daughter of katy stott , who was born 2,000 ft above orkney in 1973 on a special air ambulance flight from the island of stronsay to kirkwall .
cheesman , a three times oxford blue , joined the championship side in 2012 and has made over 100 appearances .
casillas is spain 's most - capped player with 167 , but the 35-year - old has been overlooked for matches against belgium and liechtenstein in september .
the route 26 bus to hackney wick , a hybrid bus , was outside liverpool street station when smoke started pouring out before catching fire .
the 28-year - old man from brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition after being found in north street at 07:10 gmt on saturday .
17 august 2017 last updated at 07:56 bst
the scheme was introduced by the irish government four years ago to forge connections with some of the 70 m people abroad who claim to have irish roots .
kyaw win admitted buying the bogus phd from a fictitious online university - brooklyn park in the us - which sold fake qualifications from pakistan .
snapchat confirmed the figure following a report in the financial times .
do n't insult the object of your desire with promises you both know you ca n't keep .
many of the city 's roads had been blocked by barricades erected as part of anti - government protests .
andrew salina was found seriously injured at his home in roystonhill at about 03:30 after emergency services were alerted to a disturbance .
lord advocate james wolffe said that without them , scots ' safety and security would be diminished .
the 31-year - old , from sheffield , has received the honour for her services to athletics .
as reported in the daventry express , sam chambers , coach of weedon bec primary school , sent his cv to the fa after england crashed out of euro 2016 .
his comments , made during a closed - session meeting in the hungarian capital budapest , were accidentally broadcast to reporters .
the incident happened on tuesday night , when the attacker charged at rajnish thakur in his shop in mumbai 's chembur neighbourhood .
new zealand - born solomona , 23 , will be available for eddie jones ' side later this year after playing in england for the past 36 months .
the dead driver was not a member of ambulance staff , police said , and working out how he was in the ambulance would form part of their inquiries .
the 23-year - old ivorian broke hearts across great britain when he snatched victory from lutalo muhammad in the last second of the men 's -80 kg taekwondo olympic final .
george wharton , 14 , and rhy baker , 13 , died when thomas mcmeekin crashed into a tree in morley , near leeds , on 7 march .
the man , who has not been named , was dismissed following disciplinary proceedings , devon and somerset fire service said .
the 26-year - old has been without a club since leaving blackpool at the end of last season .
8 february 2017 last updated at 11:58 gmt
mr matheson has served as a labour councillor in the city for 17 years - five of those as leader .
the 20-year - old follows danny ward from anfield to the scottish premiership , the goalkeeper having been with the dons since the start of the season .
hearn is trying to line up a spot for taylor on the undercard of mikey garcia 's clash with four - time world champion adrien broner on 28 july .
a video in which the girl 's father says that ` ` everyone is welcome '' to the party featuring local bands , a meal and a horse race was posted on facebook on a public setting .
mr poots made the comments on the bbc 's nolan live on wednesday night .
media playback is not supported on this device
smith , 34 , lost wbo title bouts with arthur abraham in 2014 and 2015 , and trainer joe gallagher said saturday 's fight was a ` ` last roll of the dice '' .
basil mcafee was found dead by his mother at his home in henderson avenue , north belfast , on 20 december 2013 .
the sdlp and alliance party have yet to say whether they will join the executive .
the figures for england from the regulator , nhs improvement , cover the 2015 - 16 year , which finished in march .
the building in hammersmith 's margravine cemetery , london created in 1869 , has been given grade ii listing .
west midlands ambulance service said the car was discovered on sunday at 09:35 gmt by two cyclists in crakemarsh near uttoxeter , staffordshire .
the three spacecraft are owned and operated by surrey satellite technology limited , which is based in guildford .
yn ffodus , roedd camera cymru fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf !
` ` it would be unreasonable if we did n't have a clear path by that time , '' said charlie whiting , f1 director at motorsport 's governing body the fia .
the briton served four double faults when serving for a straight - set win , but won the decider 6 - 2 .
and even one of those three times - when it bought 250 million chocolate selection boxes from woolworths following its collapse - was a deliberate ploy to attract the retailer 's customers to its stores .
chairman of the joint chiefs of staff gen martin dempsey said the shipment ` ` will embolden the regime and prolong the suffering '' that has killed 80,000 .
the 29-year - old officer , who suffered a leg injury , had been carrying out inquiries in ness drive at about 20:30 on wednesday when the audi 4 hit him .
if there is any graffiti , it 's almost certainly going to be in perfectly punctuated english .
five saudis , reportedly including a prince , were detained at beirut 's airport after two tonnes of pills branded as captagon were found in cases due to be loaded onto a private jet .
some 10,000 left their families and homes to join the british armed forces , working behind the scenes and on the frontline to defeat the nazis .
media playback is not supported on this device
the lottonl - jumbo rider triumphed in a sprint ahead of australia 's caleb ewan , with briton chris opie third .
the trustees of wykeham house school in fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt .
the 33-year - old made a total of 12 test appearances and played a vital role in the 2010 - 11 ashes victory in australia .
sylvia jenkinson lost one of her closest friends in the explosion at wood treatment ltd plant in bosley , cheshire , in 2015 .
the rules , created by the financial stability board -lrb- fsb -rrb- , a global monitoring body , would require big banks to hold much more money against losses .
the action sports game , based on mexican ` lucha libre ' style wrestling , sees players compete in arenas used by official administrative body the aaa -lrb- asistencia asesorÃa y administraciÃ ³ n -rrb- and other traditional mexican settings .
the 21-year - old is eligible to face macclesfield on saturday .
stac lee rises to 172 m -lrb- 564 ft -rrb- above the north atlantic and stac an armin to 196 m -lrb- 643 ft -rrb- .
enninful , who has previously worked for italian and american vogue , will take over from alexandra shulman , who announced her departure in january .
the 37-year - old , the fifth highest test run - scorer in history , was given a guard of honour by india 's fielders in the second test in colombo .
mr abbott told australian media that the only way to prevent people dying at sea was to ` ` stop the boats '' .
the case of the missing planes was raised when pm david cameron met burmese president thein sein .
supporters of new president mohammed mursi are in a stand - off with generals who have ruled since president hosni mubarak was ousted last year .
after resuming 41 behind on 322 - 7 , the bears ' hopes of saving the game pretty much rested on jonathan trott .
the owner of the 1977 ford mustang died in august and when his daughter checked his garage in welwyn garden city , she found that the car had disappeared .
with delicious timing , patrick buisson - the man credited with inspiring his former boss 's rightward shift on issues like national identity - has released a book of recollections concerning the seven years he served as his top aide .
a spokesman for the bank said they were ` ` working flat out to get these payments updated for our customers no later than saturday '' .
the finding deals a significant blow to the theory of physics known as supersymmetry .
they include developments in edinburgh , haddington , strathaven , glasgow , linwood , aberdeen and newmachar .
this was a key rebel demand during drawn - out talks which led to a peace deal in august .
hoa titcombe 's husband james said he told furness general hospital staff ` ` several times '' his wife was ill .
a 1 - 0 defeat by stenhousemuir sent stranraer to the foot of the table on saturday .
reports speak of at least four people injured .
only one occasion when the hotel door was physically barred from the inside and the management told us to stay put .
schalk burger and jp pietersen crashed over in a first half dominated by the powerful springboks .
sanchez , 40 , signed a contract extension in january to remain in charge until the end of next season .
the law , which is set to become a world first , aims to close the wage gap between men and women .
the care inspectorate gave nithsdale house in pollokshields , glasgow , a score of one - the lowest possible - across three areas examined .
officers had spent the day in dumbarton road in brixton , having been alerted at 06:20 gmt to a man ` ` in possession of what looked like a firearm '' .
lachie stewart , 30 , from easter ross , was thought to have been travelling to delhi when he lost touch with his family earlier this month .
michael patterson was handed the order after being convicted of break - ins in the levenshulme and longsight areas of the city .
the national league sold the republic of ireland midfielder to the cherries for # 175,000 in 2012 and had a 15 % sell - on clause included in the deal .
so how did the individual players on each side fare ?
media playback is not supported on this device
officers said a ` ` huge recovery '' of what were believed to be controlled substances were recovered in a pre - planned operation in staffordshire .
media playback is not supported on this device
the former nottingham forest defender signed for struggling longford afc in january in a bid to end its season - long losing streak and 178-goal deficit .
residents awoke from a night of colourful fireworks to find the city covered in a thick grey blanket of smog and authorities warned that pollution levels were critically high .
amos dislocated a shoulder in the 32 - 8 defeat by australia and will have an operation in the next week .
cheteshwar pujara and ajinkya rahane both hit centuries as india posted 622 - 9 declared in their first innings .
john kane filmed more than 60 women in the central retail park and a nearby supermarket last july .
aodhan woods was just 17 when he was tied up , locked in a cupboard and subjected to several sexual assaults .
scottish labour will lay a motion at holyrood calling for ` ` full transparency '' on the issue .
so who are the other six ?
energy firm island gas limited -lrb- igas -rrb- wants to carry out test drilling on springs road , in misson , bassetlaw .
dominic elliott , 23 , died in march after he was taken to hospital from the world - renowned artist 's house in bridlington , east yorkshire .
antoine maury was last seen in edinburgh on monday 24 october .
specialist newsprint manufacturer palm paper has submitted the planning application in a bid to cut its reliance on imported energy .
about 250,000 people have used the free service so far , said its creator , joshua browder .
the joseph rowntree foundation said the number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013 .
uptown funk , which topped the uk chart for seven weeks and the us chart for 14 , originally had six songwriters .
the shadow education secretary wants the gcse system updated to include academic and vocational subjects .
between april and october 103 liner visits are scheduled to guernsey , alderney , sark and herm .
the joyce twins starred as the irish made it three wins out of three in bangkok on tuesday .
but the overall national picture for gcse grades is very similar to last year .
windsor , slough , eton and hounslow athletics club normally use the park 's famous long walk for winter training .
the group are due to be brought to a hostel in the countryside near great torrington , devon on sunday or monday .
ddydd mawrth , pleidleisiodd pum aelod o ' r cabinet o blaid cau ' r ffrwd gymraeg , gyda dau yn erbyn , ac un yn ymatal .
the paper ran a front page headline calling the comedian a ` ` hypocrite '' because he campaigns for economic and political ` ` revolution '' to help poorer people , yet he lives in a luxury home .
the 48-year - old took had been in charge of posh since replacing dave robertson in september and lifted the club as high as the play - off places in january .
the 24-year - old midfielder sustained the injury just 26 days after joining posh from league two side crewe .
officials from staffordshire county council and the university said the historic building , in the town centre , would become an information centre for prospective students .
the reds , who had three different managers last season , used 42 different players as they avoided relegation to league one on goal difference .
media playback is not supported on this device
the world 's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $ 94.6 bn , down 2 % , and net earnings of $ 4.9 bn , 5 % lower .
the flybe plane , which was carrying 62 passengers from exeter , landed safely after declaring a full emergency at 13:43 .
from this year , schools are being judged by new measures , which take greater account of pupil progress and their basic ability than raw results .
a long , slow sigh sounded in the room .
a study by an international team of scientists has revealed that the primates either develop big voices , or big testes - but not both .
his comments come amid the expenses scandal that has embroiled the government for the past three weeks .
gavin roberts , 28 , died of a brain injury on 15 june , four days after the collision on the a34 near the compton junction in oxfordshire .
a fire crew remains at plasgran in manea road , wimblington , more than 16 hours after the incident began on wednesday afternoon .
the eu is expected to renew sanctions in a matter of weeks .
the new zealander , 19 , is one shot behind joint leaders brooke henderson and lee mi - rim after two rounds at the sahalee country club , seattle .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon
the cumbernauld - based firm , which also makes rubicon and tizer , said it would cut irn bru 's sugar content from about 10 g per 100ml to just below 5 g .
the west end singer and presenter has previously won two oliviers - for best actor in a musical in 2008 for hairspray and in 2013 for sweeney todd .
however , profits before tax fell slightly , from # 85.8 m to # 83.5 m.
philip craig , 38 , killed christopher laskaris , 24 , at his flat in the hyde park area of leeds in november .
allan whittern ran the grocer 's store in suffolk parade from 1932 until his death 50 years later , in 1982 .
the 22-year - old helped southend win promotion out of league two last season , scoring a late equaliser in the play - off final against wycombe .
the duke of york was named in us court papers relating to the handling of a case against financier jeffrey epstein .
media playback is not supported on this device
lego refused a bulk order for bricks that were to be used in a new artwork about political dissidents as part of an exhibition in melbourne , australia .
it comes after the uk 's biggest inquiry into alleged neglect in six homes - operation jasmine - which cost Â # 11.6 m.
after no play was possible on the first day , stevens led kent to 389 - 7 after essex 's decision to bowl first .
nurseries increasingly focus on plants that can be mass produced so the big stores can sell them cheaply , he says .
all 26 are accused of evading tests but say there was an administrative error .
the two - and - a - half minute clip - which sees daniel craig reprise his role as the superspy for a fourth time - gives a closer look at the film after a teaser was released in march .
but do older people want any of this when many have not got to grips with the more basic technology most of the younger generation take for granted ?
it had aimed to raise # 10 m of investments in the club from small - scale retail buyers of shares .
the waking the dragon tower was granted permission by wrexham council back in february 2011 .
national league club forest green rovers stopped selling meat burgers in 2011 and in july took fish off the menu to become fully vegetarian .
the adult female 's remains - including a head and hands found in a bag - were discovered in eight locations , irish police have confirmed .
andrew shinnie , james keatings and chris humphrey banged in three goals inside 13 first - half minutes .
about 170,000 people are expected in cardiff over four days around the match between real madrid and juventus .
tv coverage showed hundreds of empty seats at leicester city 's third - round replay against spurs , with many home fans missing the start of the game .
defender phil edwards and midfielders lee williamson , callum reilly and charlie gatter are also leaving .
mohit dupar , 36 , attempted to reach gustavo silva da cruz , 19 , after he got into difficulty at camber sands , east sussex , on 24 july .
ex - bank of england deputy governor sir charlie bean is reviewing how official statistics are collected , and his initial findings are due on wednesday .
the surf snowdonia project at a former factory site at dolgarrog in the conwy valley is due to open next summer .
pedestrian olwyn fulton died after being hit by a car in parkway shopping centre car park in coulby newham , middlesbrough , on 7 december .
the marine location flare was found on saturday evening by a member of the public on meal beach , south east of the village of hamnavoe on west burra .
seven straight wins have lifted the warriors into third place in the table .
the african champions let in goals from kerem demirbay and timo werner , who netted twice , while vincent aboubakar grabbed a consolation goal for them .
rose fired five birdies and two bogeys at quail hollow golf club to sit at seven - under and tied for third .
media playback is not supported on this device
siale angilau , 25 , died in hospital after being shot several times by a us marshal in front of the jury at the new federal courthouse .
university hospitals of morecambe bay nhs foundation trust was rated as inadequate in an inspection by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
the latest predictions suggest 49 out of 152 councils will have more pupils than secondary places by 2019 - 20 .
the announcement comes as raf stations in lincolnshire celebrate their 100th anniversary .
the music group said a consultation on redundancies at its tannoy loudspeaker production facility in coatbridge began on tuesday .
the university of london 's institute of education compared vocabulary test scores and reading habits of 9,400 british people born in 1970 .
mark mccarroll , a father - of - one , was working as a fork lift driver at hayes fuels depot in belfast 's harbour estate when the accident happened .
her majesty , who had been staying at the palace of holyroodhouse , popped into the sheep heid in duddingston on friday .
the price fell below 4.8 euros in early trading , before recovering to above 5 euros by late afternoon .
benchmark brent crude hit $ 50.22 per barrel at one stage on thursday , its highest level since early november .
mr mcknight , aged in his 50s , was from hillsborough , county down .
the planned opening of the primary and secondary schools , in the castel , has already been delayed by a year and is now scheduled for september 2018 .
tests have shown rat poison killed the female bird of prey , which was discovered in a quarry in penmaenmawr in june .
the 30-year - old , excluded from the world championships by usa swimming after a drink - drive conviction , won in one minute 54.75 seconds in texas .
croydon nhs managers have decided to withdraw nhs prescriptions for formula feed to help reduce budget deficits .
inflation is among the highest in the world , there are long queues for basic goods and the atmosphere on the streets is becoming increasingly agitated .
spurs chairman daniel levy this week defended a lack of signings and railed against ` ` unsustainable '' spending .
foster 's time of 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification as she finished second in her first - round heat .
three masked men , two armed with handguns , forced their way into the property in glenfearna gardens in the lagmore estate at 22:45 bst on friday .
the 1 mile -lrb- 1.5 km -rrb- park between alum chine and southbourne in bournemouth is due to open on 13 april .
` ` i would n't say i ' m tough ... just lucky '' , said reg foggerdy who disappeared last month while hunting a feral camel in western australia .
a planning application has been made for the development on green belt land at park of keir , near dunblane .
the two - time major winner last won at the tournament of champions in january 2016 .
the track broke streaming records , earning the highest first - week streams for a single in the uk with more than 2.03 million plays .
this baby can survive a 1400 revolutions per minute spin in the washing machine .
scotland is set for more devolved powers following the no vote .
the 34-year - old rejoined the new lawn side in july 2016 and was ever - present as they won promotion to league two last season .
the manchester - born full - back has admitted previously that moving closer to his family was a temptation .
two separate us teams have found success with an approach that homes in on a stable part of the flu virus .
almost 3,000 cases were diagnosed in the capital out of a total of 5,042 in the country in 2015 , figures from public health england -lrb- phe -rrb- show .
rows between rival electoral commissioners had led to physical fights , jecha salum jecha said .
if victory in the ashes series down under a year earlier was the highlight of england 's rise to the top , then one moment during that time stood out as a clear illustration of team spirit .
five justices in the supreme court dismissed the challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at batang kali in 1948 by a four to one majority .
the decommissioned transocean winner came ashore at dalmore , near carloway on lewis , in a storm while being towed to the mediterranean .
cumbernauld has the dubious distinction of winning the plook on the plinth title for having scotland 's ` ` most dismal '' town centre in 2001 and 2005 .
more than 100 british transport police -lrb- btp -rrb- officers will patrol the 144 underground stations open all night to try to ` ` set behavioural standards '' .
tv is the leading medium and three major broadcasters - state - owned tvp and private tvn and polsat - dominate the market .
the uk will maintain an eu deal , which provides 48 countries with duty - free access to britain for imports .
a total of 304 people , mostly school students , were killed when the ship - which was overloaded and illegally redesigned - sank off jindo island .
a total of 60 jobs at careers wales , which employs around 600 , are to be axed , the union has said .
no , we all watch the show to see the mess - ups , the catastrophes , the all - out disasters .
the new rule comes from iran 's supreme council of cyberspace and firms have been given one year to comply .
adam purinton , 51 , fled the scene of the attack at a pub in olathe and went to a restaurant where he confided in a staff member , police say .
the ` ` deplorable '' conditions violated a ban on cruel and unusual punishment in the us constitution , its report said .
shoppers are expected to spend almost # 1bn online on monday - up almost a third from last year , according to analysts at experian - imrg .
a yellow severe weather warning has been issued as the remains of hurricane gonzalo reach britain .
it was taken by ex - students and staff from uwc atlantic college in the vale of glamorgan who also stayed to help .
originally built by henry viii to defend the coast from invasion , hurst castle was also used to guard the solent during world war two .
jamie dimon , the chief executive of jp morgan - which employs 16,000 people in britain - has already said he will move hundreds of people out of the uk when it leaves the eu to dublin and frankfurt where it already has operations .
wbc cruiserweight champion bellew , 34 , produced an upset to stop david haye in a heavyweight contest last month .
derry city and strabane district council lent its support to the move after a meeting with the derry comhaltas on tuesday .
the 29-year - old irishman is expected to formally sign for the scottish premiership club next week on his return from holiday .
it 's more serious and darker , a bit like doctor who in its last series .
his correspondents included david lloyd george , william gladstone , rudyard kipling , george bernard shaw and arthur conan doyle .
media playback is not supported on this device
the racket threatens to drown out coach simon davies .
it is a special place , and it will be full of real madrid fans screaming their side on , so it is vital manchester city handle the occasion as much as the opposition on wednesday .
russia 's cg effects and the brilliance of australia 's singing were not enough to defeat jazz artist jamala .
it was a scrappy effort , which saved the game from going to what had seemed an inevitable penalty shootout .
in an email thanking his campaign team after voting closed , mr burnham said getting this far was ` ` a real achievement '' .
the mosaics , part of a 1,700-year - old town house , were found on the site of a development in leicester .
just as david letterman had his painfully awkward ` ` uma , oprah '' routine and seth macfarlane his catastrophically misjudged song we saw your boobs , harris will be recalled mostly as the guy who presented in his pants .
victoria mated with a male bear at the highland wildlife park at kincraig , near aviemore , earlier this year .
alex gray , from perth in tayside , is awaiting sentence after being convicted earlier this month of burglary and harassment .
a statue of sekhemka valued at # 2 m was gifted to northampton 's museums by the 4th marquis of northampton in 1880 .
robbie parry slotted the welsh visitors into a half time lead as the rain lashed down in west lothian .
simon , 29 , joined the wildcats from catalans dragons , and has played nine times in super league this year .
aiton , 30 , had scans to diagnose the injury on monday .
the absence of millions of young voters from the electoral register could lead to a victory for the leave camp in the eu referendum , he warned .
walmart will give jd.com ownership of yihaodian 's marketplace , including the brand , website and app .
the bill was passed on monday by lawmakers in sindh - home to many of pakistan 's three million hindus .
the perth - based firm said it was buying # 82 m worth of new vehicles for its regional networks in england , scotland and wales .
the government wants migrants to wait four years before they can claim tax credits , to reduce immigration .
the news comes as mps prepare to debate stripping him of his knighthood .
but there certainly should be .
the united arab emirates thrower was training at newham leisure centre for the world para - athletics championships in london .
under the bill , the performers - often dressed as popular characters like elmo - must work for tips in special areas .
it is looking to raise more than $ 900 m -lrb- Â # 624 m -rrb- from investors , which would value the firm at more than $ 5bn .
later , a ninth person died at a local hospital , an immigration and customs spokesman said .
the chinese authorities are said to be angry at the prime minister 's decision to meet the dalai lama , tibet 's spiritual leader , last year .
the 95 % target had not been hit for 33 consecutive weeks , since late last september .
froome was over three minutes behind the winner on the mountainous 160 km stage from bourg - en - bresse to culoz , but finished alongside his main rivals .
most flights coming out of or landing in chile 's main airports were cancelled or delayed .
g4s provides healthcare for the uk 's yarl 's wood immigration detention centre , deemed a ` ` place of national concern '' after it was found to be failing vulnerable women .
media playback is not supported on this device
age scotland says official figures suggest that each year about 8,640 people in scotland wait longer than six weeks for a council care assessment .
adventures in the anthropocene is her record of the people and places she encountered on a huge global tour .
remarkably , this year 's finale features the two franchises who have waited longer than any other to win a championship .
that was a 20 % increase on the same period last year .
at present , those under 18 can be sentenced to a maximum of three years in a reform facility .
tom lucking found a gold pendant inlaid with a profusion of garnets while metal detecting on farmland in 2014 .
it is understood the new offer was a basic # 35.5 m , which would have risen to nearer # 40 m when various extras were added .
media playback is not supported on this device
mr whittingdale has been chair of the house of commons culture , media and sport select committee for a decade .
18 august 2017 last updated at 08:15 bst
the 24-year - old , capped 32 times by england , has been out of action since november with a knee injury .
police had appealed for witnesses to an incident in the town 's agnew crescent on saturday evening .
the video , filmed by smith and obtained by a newspaper , appears to show him laughing while retired gymnast luke carson mimics islamic prayer practices .
media playback is not supported on this device
professional hunter theo bronkhorst and farm owner honest ndlovu , were charged with poaching offences and for not having the required hunting permit .
though the unverified story was short on details , and did not have the husband 's side of the story , ` ` divorced because of fat face '' quickly became a top trend on microblogging network weibo .
the man named as abdalfatah ha is suspected of being part of a unit with an al - qaeda - linked group formerly known as al - nusra front , which killed 36 syrian government employees in 2013 .
the 32-year - old former charlton , fulham , chelsea and bristol academy player has been with yeovil since 2015 .
joshua bwalya , who was 16 , was found dead in the street when officers were called to movers lane , barking , at about 01:00 bst on wednesday .
the 23-year - old , ulster 's player of the year , made his international debut for ireland in the six nations game against england at twickenham in february .
margaret slater , who has dementia , was taken to queen 's medical centre nottingham suffering severe hallucinations .
steffan roberts vernon , 33 , from caernarfon , died at the llanberis beauty spot in gwynedd , on sunday alongside alexander hadley , 21 , from nearby dinorwig .
this week 's edition of the influential news magazine der spiegel is a beseeching entreaty in red , white and blue .
prime minister nouri maliki is bidding for a third term , presenting himself as the only candidate capable of defeating a growing al - qaeda - inspired insurgency .
the athlete set records for the fastest marathon for a double amputee and has won two paralympic 200 m gold medals .
mcanuff , 31 , joined the royals in 2009 and has made 172 appearances since his arrival from watford .
mark drakeford will be presenting the welsh government 's spending plans to ams for the first time since he was installed as finance secretary .
mr ashley had been asked to give evidence about the treatment of his workers .
he said mrs may must remember she is the pm of all parts of the uk .
the proposals , which are subject to parliamentary approval , allow farmers to clear drainage ditches and streams without asking permission .
many have headed for praia do norte in nazare , portugal , where hawaiian surfer garrett mcnamara set a world record for the largest wave surfed in 2011 .
the patrols at camber sands in east sussex will be funded with Â # 51,000 allocated by rother district council as part of its annual budget .
about 2,000 pieces dating back more than 1,000 years were spotted on the seabed by members of a diving club , the israeli antiquities authority said .
dai young , boss of premiership leaders wasps , expects a number of his in - form players to make the cut .
the greens pledged to end ` ` period poverty '' by providing towels and tampons to secondary school pupils and women in financial need .
the process involves growing someone 's cells in an incubator and then mixing them with a liquid which is 3d printed into the jelly - like shape needed .
entertainers starkidz were ` ` cornered '' by the gang after a christmas lights switch - on in formby , merseyside .
muhanad mahmoud al - farekh was deported from pakistan , where he had travelled to in about 2007 .
they have been the biggest student protests to hit the country since apartheid ended in 1994 .
operated for the hm coastguard by bristow helicopters limited , the crews took over a role previously carried out by the raf and royal navy .
the organisers of common people commissioned the inflatable structure for the event on southampton common on saturday and sunday .
trained by colin tizzard , the 2 - 1 favourite took control at the penultimate hurdle and pulled away to win by eight lengths .
the company was due to release results on 10 march and hold its shareholders ' meeting towards the end of april .
from game reserves to table mountain ; durban 's golden mile to the country 's stunning wine regions , there 's much to capture the imagination .
the portuguese side went ahead early on through a ricardo quaresma penalty , after manuel neuer tripped striker jackson martinez in the box .
david sole , 33 , of no fixed address , had denied murdering jonathan ellison but was found guilty at lewes crown court of beating him to death .
the dons have planning permission for a site at loirston loch .
joe murphy 's scrambled early goal was the ideal start for down and they led 1 - 8 to 0 - 6 at half - time .
the research was carried out by scientists from the royal college of surgeons in ireland , university college dublin , the university of edinburgh and the hebrew university of jerusalem .
howard suffered the injury in a collision with posh striker shaquile coulthirst in sunday 's 1 - 0 defeat .
craig hughes , 33 , of flint , was arrested by north wales police in august after he chatted online with the hope line crisis centre in tennessee .
the us star has called off an event at the london palladium on 20 september , when she was to have been interviewed on stage by sir bruce forsyth .
6 may 2016 last updated at 17:44 bst
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- are inviting new bidders for the tournament .
the 24-year - old had signed to play for somerset in the second half of the t20 blast , but will not now do so , and will miss new zealand 's remaining one - day internationals in england .
the trees swayed , the rain battered the domed roof of the headquarters building and , given the lecture he 'd just delivered to african leaders from their own pulpit , it might well have been the ghosts of dictators past rattling the rafters .
kenneth dymond , 37 , also made contact with a 15-year - old girl over the internet .
trees for life said a mother and at least two kits have been observed on a river near beauly .
in securing the top spot in super league they ended their 91-year wait for a top - flight title .
more than 350 roma people had lived in the camp on la petite ceinture since mid-2015 .
the original film saw tom hanks play a man saved from drowning as a boy by a mermaid , whom he meets 20 years later .
if you have eaten a handful of spicy chicken wings in angola recently or perhaps polished off a lemony ` ` yassa poulet '' in senegal , there is a good chance your chicken travelled some distance before finding its way on to your plate .
wilson was airlifted to hospital from the pocono raceway in pennsylvania after sage karam 's car spun and crashed in front of him on lap 179 of 200 .
mcguigan and father barry , the former world champion , signed taylor to their cyclone promotions company when he won 2014 commonwealth gold and turned pro .
australia are in a commanding position after two days of the second test at lord 's as they look to square the series after england 's win in cardiff .
the # 127 m , four - year arts programme began in 2008 and climaxed with the london 2012 festival last summer .
with three defeats in his previous six bouts , the scottish boxer 's career seemed to be on the wane .
the department for transport said up to 60 trains , capable of speeds of about 225 mph , were needed .
media playback is not supported on this device
the uefa general secretary has included the plan in his manifesto for the fifa election on 26 february .
the left - handed opener , 36 , who played six tests for england , last appeared for his county in july 2016 before he was diagnosed with a cancerous tumour .
robin li was in the passenger seat when he made a video call to an artificial - intelligence developers conference in the chinese capital .
school staff should also watch for signs of fgm , such as frequent toilet trips and girls in pain .
slow - motion footage revealed the spiders used their silk draglines to stabilise their bodies and to brake , enabling them to land poised and ready to pounce on prey .
shopkeeper alice wheeldon was found guilty of a poison plot against david lloyd george in 1917 .
the tiangong-1 or ` ` heavenly palace '' laboratory was launched in 2011 as part of an ambitious chinese plan to catch up with other space powers .
british transport police said there had been a 19 % rise , from 108 incidents in 2014 to 128 last year .
joe storey , 27 , had denied murdering kerri mcauley , 32 , who was found dead at southalls way , norwich , on 8 january , but admitted manslaughter .
ashton dived over with his signature swallow celebration in a dominant second half from the home side , where shalk brits , brad barritt and billy vunipola also crossed .
ian stephens , of cumbria tourism , said there was a need to ` ` reassure '' travel firms and ` ` get the message out businesses are operating as usual '' .
what were initially thought to be just a couple of brilliant , closely spaced features at one location now turn out to be a clutch of many smaller dots .
but the inspiration for this scheme to improve health services in zambia began in very low - tech and unhappy circumstances .
sabmiller said it had agreed ` ` in principle '' a # 44-a - share offer , after four previous attempts from ab inbev .
corrie mckeague , based at raf honington in suffolk , was last seen in bury st edmunds following a night out .
emergency services were called to a blaze at a croft house in kilmuir on saturday .
the move is just one of several waste and recycling options considered by the council on thursday .
a statement announced the formation of a joint operations room following what it said was an increase in attacks on residential areas and displaced people .
how about # 54,000 ?
the french visitors led 16 - 6 at half - time thanks to francois van der merwe 's try and the kicking of johan goosen .
hamilton 's ali crawford passed up a golden opportunity when he fired over when played through by alex d'acol .
of the 38 people who were killed in the incident , 33 were on tui holidays .
the camera on a 30 mph limit junction of newport road is catching an average of 71 speeding drivers every day .
there is speculation the date in may is being considered by the uk government .
paul good , 53 , and darryl shellard , 45 , both from liverpool were convicted of fraud and jailed for eight and seven years each .
the 33-year - old goalkeeper was busy in a 3 - 3 draw , his first taste of the champions league group stage .
the glasses enhance images of nearby people and objects on to the lenses , providing a much clearer sense of surroundings .
optimism fell for the third consecutive quarter according to the cbi employers group .
the tpp was signed by 12 countries which together cover 40 % of the world 's economy , but has not yet been ratified .
striker diego costa went off injured for atletico early on and barcelona capitalised as alexis sanchez smashed in a superb opener .
the new polymer # 5 note , which is slightly smaller than its paper predecessor , will be available in branches before becoming more widely available across scotland .
the official data prompted the government to upgrade growth forecasts for the second time in a week and to promise no new austerity measures .
developing pharmaceutical drugs is a very expensive and time - consuming business .
` ` i am seriously considering emigrating to australia , jamaica or the us , '' says faye jones .
it comes as iraqi government forces are ` ` on the cusp '' of retaking the city - held by is since 2014 , the uk defence secretary says .
the 26-year - old was injured in last week 's win over exeter .
since april , convicted criminals in england and wales have had to pay a charge of between # 150 and # 1,200 towards the cost of their case .
the 23-year - old denmark international refused to be on the bench for the visit of bournemouth on 9 april and is now training with the club 's under-21s .
more than 60 years on , with another world cup looming in brazil and the indian economy booming , there are renewed hopes that football can finally gain a toehold in the cricket - loving country .
a 56-year - old man had to be placed in a medically - induced coma after he was attacked on davies row in the town on sunday .
after 11 hours of secret discussions , the musicians could not reach a decision on a replacement for sir simon rattle , who steps down in 2018 .
his body was found on concrete steps in north street in the early hours of sunday morning .
the star is up for the main prize , album of the year , for her ambitious visual album , lemonade , which tackles themes of race and female identity .
a painting of neuschwanstein castle in bavaria fetched the highest price at saturday 's sale , selling to a chinese buyer for # 71,000 -lrb- 100,000 euros -rrb- .
it happened at the moelfre lifeboat open day at 16:10 bst on saturday , with two rnli vessels rescuing him .
the imagery , released by us geopolitical intelligence company stratfor and taken on 31 october , shows how almost all the buildings at the airport , on the southern outskirts of mosul , have been razed .
but could some help to make you feel better ?
the claims against professors nigel and niall piercy came to light during a staff forum set up by the university .
chapman 's ice cream initially offered to purchase beavercrest community school in markdale for about ca$ 1 m -lrb- $ 741,000 ; Â # 596,000 -rrb- .
james vaughan claimed a 16th - minute opener for the shakers before strike partner tom pope doubled their lead on 40 minutes .
craig peacock fired the hosts into a ninth minute lead but manchester hit back three minutes later courtesy of vinny scarsella 's breakaway goal .
the winger , 29 , was taken to hospital following the game in beijing , which chelsea won 3 - 0 , and stayed overnight .
dywedodd charles hendry , awdur yr adroddiad , y gallai morlynnoedd llanw fod yn ` ` ddiwydiant newydd cyffrous a phwysig i ' r deyrnas unedig '' .
choity khatun , who is three , was born with caudal twinning , meaning that part of a twin had developed in her pelvis .
the country , formerly known as british honduras , was the united kingdom 's last colony on the american mainland and still maintains strong ties with britain .
media playback is not supported on this device
more recently , women 's football soared in popularity after the nation 's female team won the world cup in 2011 and olympic games silver in 2012 .
the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- has rated as ` ` good '' tameside and glossop integrated care nhs foundation trust .
netherlands striker van persie , 33 , had scored the opening goal in the turkish side 's 3 - 1 win against akhisar before the first - half injury .
the star wars superfan made # 15,000 selling a single boba fett figure , and now he 's selling another 15 rare items .
pawel sroka , 33 , of meadvale road , croydon , was charged on saturday with the murder of his 29-year - old partner , joanna trojniak , of the same address .
barts health nhs trust was placed in special measures in march , but has faced further inspections by the care quality commission .
croker starts at hooker for the hosts at twickenham , with amy cokayne dropping to the bench .
the 29-year - old was a free agent after leaving notts county in january , having made 11 appearances in all competitions this season .
up to 70 personnel will join a united nations contingent supporting african union troops fighting al - shabab .
the station was evacuated shortly before 09:00 bst and trains did not stop at the station for nearly two hours .
it was the fourth time in a week a device - believed to be a world war two munition - had been found in the city .
the 37-year - old wheelchair racer , who won four gold medals at the london paralympics , announced his retirement from track racing after an unsuccessful paralympic games in rio last year .
13 april 2016 last updated at 10:30 bst
a group chaired by paralympic multi - gold medallist baroness tanni grey - thompson says it would be the first country in the world to take that step .
it replicates the repeating lattice of sodium and chloride ions found in a crystal of salt -lrb- nacl -rrb- .
mullah mansour was named as the new leader on thursday , after the death of former head mullah omar was confirmed .
the 54-year - old has spent seven years overseeing the premier league side 's youth set - up , and has a full uefa coaching a licence .
that was half a million fewer than the audience for the launch of the previous series in january this year .
it will be used to stage competitive cycle sports as well as recreational events , coaching and training .
provisional data from the department for transport -lrb- dft -rrb- showed the 3 % rise came alongside a 2.2 % increase in traffic in the 12 months to september .
belmont , a grade ii * listed building in lyme regis , has been restored following eight years of research and two years of restoration work by the landmark trust charity .
mancini said a fully - fit tevez could wear the sky blue shirt again , despite previously asserting that the argentina international was ` ` finished '' at city .
sir timothy o'shea said plans to elect the chair of universities ' governing bodies were ` ` inconsistent , incoherent and potentially very damaging '' .
its ethical policy states that any artwork using lego products should not ` ` contain any political , religious , racist , obscene or defaming statements '' .
police were targeted with fireworks , while motorists described ` ` petrol bombs '' being thrown at cars on commercial road , pill , on 20 october .
the secretary of honeybourne railway club said he originally thought someone had broken into the premises , near evesham in worcestershire .
eric monkman and bobby seagull - the breakout stars of the last series of the bbc two quiz show - are getting behind the microphone .
the 30-year - old joined wanderers for a second loan stint in january from cardiff city and helped the club to promotion from league one .
the charred pine twigs date back 140 million years to a time when fires raged across large tracts of land .
numerous fire and police vehicles were dispatched to the froghall gardens area , homes were evacuated and roads were closed .
1 april 2017 last updated at 12:33 bst
the 29-year - old pedestrian was struck by a silver renault clio on the b2173 maidstone road , near the junction with hockenden lane , just after 22:00 gmt .
they trailed by seven at the break as rob kearney , josh van der flier and zane kirchner crossed to cancel out scores from seymour and tim swinson .
nia griffith said her party offers ` ` investment in wales , versus cuts from westminster '' by the tories .
the 36-year - old front - rower had played 14 games for the dragons following his move to perpignan in february .
in 2013 , the italian composer was reported as saying he would n't work with tarantino because he ` ` places music in his films without coherence '' .
speaking from south africa , mr machar told the bbc that his rebel faction could still negotiate a peace deal with president salva kiir .
oxfordshire county council said two independent studies found having one organisation to run all services could save # 100 m over five years .
felix barrow sustained many broken bones and spent three weeks in a coma when he was knocked over outside his home in swanmore in october last year .
a chain of people passed a light to each other , finishing at the cathedral .
simon cope delivered the package on the last day of the 2011 criterium du dauphine , which wiggins went on to win .
yet again , you feel for the families of those killed on board , and the people that actually survived the ordeal .
basil khan and omar mohidin were 16 when they were hit and racially abused by officers in edgware road , north west london in 2007 , the high court heard .
thomas jackson , 30 , of congleton , cheshire , was injured as he tried to help mia ayliffe - chung , 20 , in the attack at a hostel last week .
administrators ' reports suggest around # 7 m of # 10.25 m lent to northampton town by the local borough council was passed to 1st land limited .
the miracle involved the healing of a brazilian man with several brain tumours in 2008 , the vatican said .
no , president xi jinping of china is n't back for second helpings from the buckingham palace banquet , this time it is the indian prime minister who is stopping by .
some of those residents had only just returned to their homes after last week 's eruptions .
ben gerring , 29 , was in the water near mandurah , south of perth , when the attack occurred on tuesday afternoon .
at first , it is hard to say exactly why .
locals rush about their business , the shops are full and crowds of tourists gather here to watch the glockenspiel , the chiming carillon , with its dancing figures and little chirping golden bird .
the telecoms giant said in an emailed statement it was important to retain access to the eu 's free ` ` movement of people , capital and goods '' .
the area , which accounts for 21 % of all second - home ownership in england , is to get # 19.1 m of the # 60 m annual fund .
gammon joints , 700 pigs in blankets , cash and four charity boxes were also taken from md griffiths in dinas powys .
south yorkshire police and humberside police and are to cut the number of dogs and handlers to a combined total of 25 .
the migrant crisis has fuelled a backlash against the political establishment , but the wave of discontent also taps into long - standing fears about globalisation and a dilution of national identity .
the 35-year - old , who played six super league games for hull kr in 2011 before moving to french rugby union side toulon , was at manly last season .
the 2012 tour de france champion 's assertion was questioned after leaked world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- documents revealed he had been given three injections of allergy medication .
for the past six weeks or so , he has driven his green lamborghini to the ufc 's new performance institute on a daily basis .
councils are relying on agency workers to cover nearly 4,000 out of 5,500 otherwise empty posts .
temporary closure notices were placed on the shellfish beds after high e.coli bacteria readings last week .
rashan charles , 20 , was wrestled to the ground in dalston , east london , on 22 july , and died about an hour later .
the lions face in - form super rugby side crusaders on saturday after narrowly beating provincial barbarians and losing 22 - 16 to blues .
rebel fighters have agreed a ceasefire and will leave homs to president bashar al - assad 's tender mercies .
the poster , on tamworth road , in sawley , derbyshire , shows aliens beaming up a person into their spaceship with the text , ` ` they 'll take the fat ones first '' .
those detained include players and directors from around 30 clubs from italy 's third and fourth divisions .
the five - storey bursledon windmill had its wind shaft and sails replaced following a # 94,000 heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- grant .
the candidates were responding to a question about proposed changes to health care in staffordshire at a debate run by bbc radio stoke .
the real madrid forward got the decisive goal when he stooped low to head in miguel veloso 's superb cross .
he told fox news the democrats were putting out the reports because they were embarrassed at the scale of the election defeat .
members of the sovereign military order of malta from more than 100 countries marched five abreast into saint peter 's basilica on a cold winter 's day under a cloudless sky , squinting in the bright sunlight .
it is a question that has long seemed impossible to answer , since players from different decades can never face each other at their peaks .
police have been searching the site in milton , cambridgeshire , for five weeks .
it was responding to a global study that suggested investing heavily in computers and classroom technology does not improve pupils ' performance .
12 july 2017 last updated at 07:06 bst
in december 2014 , self - styled islamist man monis held 18 people inside the cafe in the central business district .
lionel portillo - meza pleaded not guilty in the death of brian terry in an arizona court on wednesday .
dave baker , of the olympus trust which operates near bristol , said government cuts had left it at ` ` crisis point '' .
it comes after ruskin college 's governing body agreed to cut two of its six ba programmes and one of its three ma courses to save money .
ms churcher , who was director of the national gallery of australia -lrb- nga -rrb- from 1990 to 1997 , was the first and so far only female director of the nga .
while being a fan of ` ` scandi dramas '' like borgen , theresa may told the radio times she 'd tune in to doctor who and ` ` a nice agatha christie '' .
the man 's blue ford focus and a red hgv collided between the warrix interchange and corsehillmount roundabout , near dreghorn , at about 20:50 on wednesday .
trapped by disadvantage are more than 730,000 youngsters , according to the australian council of social service -lrb- acoss -rrb- .
aker solutions said employees had been told about 650 positions , mainly in the uk , norway and india , may be affected .
surrey county council leader david hodge said the government had cut its annual grant by # 170 m since 2010 .
city are fourth in the league following defeat at chelsea on wednesday , all but ending hopes of a league title in the catalan 's debut campaign in england .
kamdjo , 25 , played in only five games for forest green last season , but made 33 appearances on loan at boreham wood .
she is the regiment 's colonel - in - chief and will attend the colours parade at the home of welsh rugby on 11 june .
at coventry city college , staff more used to teaching hairdressing or construction have been set the challenge of teaching english and maths gcses to students who did not achieve the benchmark c grades at school .
media playback is not supported on this device
huw irranca - davies , who has announced he is leaving the shadow frontbench , told radio wales his party needed to ` ` consistently re - invigorate '' itself .
corey lewandowski had been charged with simple battery after reporter michelle fields said he forcibly grabbed her arm on 8 march .
arun district council said the plans for bognor regis also included student accommodation , car parking and an access road from felpham way .
the four - year - old was in skegness , lincolnshire , when a jack russell - type dog allegedly bit her a number of times at about 13:45 bst on saturday .
allen has a year left on his current contract and was named in uefa 's official euro 2016 team of the tournament as wales reached their first semi - final at a major competition .
24 february 2016 last updated at 20:49 gmt
sion davies , 25 , died after falling off a balcony at anthony munkley 's caia park estate flat in wrexham last october .
britain 's sunday people newspaper quoted the father as saying : ` ` we want the world to know her real name . ''
the ftse 100 ended down 55.78 at 5974.54 points , with anglo american the biggest loser .
it features the vast cuajone copper mine in the andes , where some 170,000 tonnes of metal are taken from the ground each year .
the british speedway promoters ' association , whose chairman keith chapman has been involved in negotiations to keep the club going , say an agreement has been reached .
european leaders have expressed shock , but most have said the result should not lead to a panic .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- ruled that the five players all featured in the first round first leg in sudan on 3 april .
stephen archer , the victim 's brother , has been arrested on suspicion of murder , greater manchester police said .
media playback is unsupported on your device
sylvia blackburn , 72 , suffered serious head injuries outside bedford road lower school , kempston , last december .
the markit / cips manufacturing purchasing managers ' index grew to 50.1 from 49.4 in april , which had been the lowest reading since early 2013 .
adrian brown , 38 , experienced a ` ` severe psychotic episode '' when he stabbed muhammed ali on a london overground train on 12 december 2016 .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is unsupported on your device
the ship took shelter near mounts bay after an initial rescue at 22:00 bst on sunday failed due to poor weather conditions , the coastguard said .
media playback is not supported on this device
voters should have the option to remain in the eu if they are unhappy with the result of brexit talks , she said .
he was also dealing them , and at one point faced a possible jail sentence .
the increase in would - be buyers was at its lowest point in almost a year during february , the royal institution of chartered surveyors -lrb- rics -rrb- said .
it said the compression ignition engine was up to 30 % more fuel - efficient than its current engines .
on thursday , a human skull was found alongside the m54 slip road by workers doing a survey of the junction four roundabout , near telford .
according to animal protection group the rspca the dogs had likely been shot .
the review of 5,000 studies on golf and wellbeing found physical benefits increased with the player 's age .
the news had been expected after the cobblers ' new owner kelvin thomas paid hm revenue & customs unpaid tax it was due when he bought the club last week .
the south of scotland facility shut last year despite a local campaign for its retention .
education workforce council figures showed 13 of 34 staff were barred for such conduct from august 2013 to 2015 .
the typical home in the east increased in cost by 8.3 % in the year to the end of july , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- said .
edward maher was questioning the soldier in charge of risk assessment during the exercise in july 2013 .
on board one of the tanks was pham xuan do , who is seen in the picture above proudly wearing his uniform from the time .
stoneman , who resumed on 83 , reached 111 before he was run out to leave the visitors 252 - 7 , still 13 runs behind .
penglais farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms , but only 700 will be ready this month to welcome students .
guiseley managed to frustrate dover during a first half that was dominated by the hosts , but dover kept plugging away and took complete control just after the break .
mr besigye is running against mr museveni in the presidential elections for the fourth time , after losing his previous three attempts .
glen johnson said he was stepping down from cadwgan building preservation trust -lrb- cbpt -rrb- due to the harassment from a small number of unnamed people .
the 29-year - old 's body was discovered at the doubletree by hilton on eastfield road on saturday at about 19:25 .
` ` on an almost daily basis , we are being described the worst threat - be it to nato as a whole , or to europe , america or other countries , '' mr medvedev said .
the 16-year - old girl was raped on saturday 20 december 2014 at an unknown address in the bolton area .
traditionally , bonfires are lit in many loyalist areas to mark the start of the annual commemoration of william of orange 's victory over king james ii at the battle of the boyne in 1690 .
the grocer magazine reported that the firm is charging # 2.64 for a 250 g jar .
el amrani , in a letter to african football associations , said he would be departing on monday , but gave no reason for his decision .
the employers offered no rise for last year and a rise of 1 % for 2016 - 17 .
in july , michael gove raised the possibility of early release for those who gained skills and qualifications .
the site has been largely inaccessible for the last 24 hours , and the service is intermittent in the uk .
almost 8,000 real words - and invented ones - are included in the dictionary , which has taken five years to compile .
these secondary populations could also be utilised in a way to reduce or halt the pressure on species ' native populations , say researchers .
the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- said the scottish government needed to take action now to avert a staffing crisis .
thomas orchard , 32 , died in october 2012 after being arrested in exeter .
the czech - born american helped murray win olympic gold , the us open and wimbledon before they parted in march .
his daughter said he had died at val de grace military hospital in paris on tuesday evening .
investigations are continuing into why the vehicle ploughed into catherine bonner 's flat in main road , fairlie , at about 13:45 on thursday .
adams won on her professional debut on saturday but was frustrated to fight over four two - minute rounds .
media playback is not supported on this device
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has stripped the three of their gold medals , won in beijing in 2008 .
damon , the star of the bourne franchise , was originally going to direct and star in the film , which is nominated for five golden globe awards .
glamorgan built their innings on a 122-run second - wicket stand between will bragg -lrb- 75 -rrb- and jacques rudolph -lrb- 53 -rrb- .
hundreds of performers in bandstands across the uk joined in a rendition of coldplay 's viva la vida .
he is the 19-year - old son of jussi jaaskelainen , who made 529 appearances in 15 seasons at bolton , also playing for west ham and wigan athletic .
bailey died after the incident at cults academy on 28 october .
the company insists it is still committed to launching the smart glasses as a consumer product , but will stop producing glass in its present form .
it is the third time uk industry has been in recession in eight years .
a high court judge in belfast had ruled that the psni should not have facilitated illegal parades , and was wrong to think it did not have legal powers to stop them .
it happened early on sunday morning at a private party in san jose 's fiesta nightclub , near san francisco .
today , china has between 26 and 28 hainan gibbons left , but government records that date back to the 17th century show that gibbons were once widespread across half of the country .
overweight children between four and 18 months old eat similar food to healthy weight children but have bigger portions , a study found .
jose mourinho 's side had applied incessant pressure on the foxes from kick - off , and romelu lukaku missed a second - half penalty prior to the goals , as they found it difficult to break the steadfast backline .
high housing costs and a lack of personal savings are cited by the charity as reasons for this .
the 25-year - old joined the blues from reading in august 2015 but has yet to make his debut for the premier league champions .
rooney , 30 , played in midfield rather than as a striker and came under fire following the shock defeat by iceland .
leg - spinner mason crane , called into the england test squad earlier in the day , took 3 - 21 as the hosts restricted glamorgan to 118 - 6 on a slow pitch .
kevin whyman , 39 , was killed in the crash at oulton park , cheshire , at about 14:00 bst on saturday .
shami chakrabarti 's inquiry reported in june that the party was not ` ` overrun '' by anti - semitism .
the columba declaration commits the churches to ` ` grow together in communion and to strengthen their partnership in mission '' .
they include strong , stiff plastics and flexible gels that can mend themselves if torn .
demonstrators in the hindu - majority city were angered by a muslim man who they say threw stones at the temple on tuesday .
of 1,763 would - be students who had contacted or applied to uk universities , almost half said brexit would make uk study less attractive .
a judge dismissed the claims of the girl , referred to as ` ` gk '' , that paul frew linked her name to anti - social behaviour via a social media post .
rana rahimpour was told by us authorities she could not travel under a visa waiver scheme .
peterhead power station and the white rose scheme in north yorkshire were in the running to win the # 1bn contract before it was cancelled in 2015 .
the study , by the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- , added that households actually grew richer during the financial crisis .
trott , 23 , trailed scotland 's katie archibald by almost a second at halfway before crossing the line 0.3 secs ahead .
pc gareth browning , 33 , was on foot in whitley , reading on 30 november when he was hit by a black mazda aerosport driven by luke haywood , 28 .
out of nowhere , he became the country 's most talked - about man and was on the run until he appeared in an online video on 5 july vowing to keep up his attacks on the government .
durham fast bowler wood is working on his fitness after three ankle operations in the past 12 months .
poet thomas was staying in apartment 205 in the renowned hotel before his death aged 39 on 9 november , 1953 .
a forensic anthropologist has been helping police since the remains were found at pentrellyncymer near cerrigydrudion in november .
it comes amid reports of several race - related incidents over the weekend .
the so - called islamic state group -lrb- is -rrb- has said it carried out the attacks .
two employees of the council on american islamic relations -lrb- cair -rrb- were initially quarantined in the office .
issued by southampton magistrates , it states he must ` ` wear sufficient clothing in public to at least cover his genitalia and buttocks '' .
castlepoint in bournemouth opened in 2003 but the two - level car park has been reinforced with props since 2005 when it was found to be unsafe .
another user in the dark web - a hidden part of the internet where guns , drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police , a spokesperson said .
stephen doughty won the seat with 9,193 votes , a majority of 5,334 over the conservatives .
as in much of the west indies , cricket here is a much - loved national sport .
the man , named by state media as ji zhongxing , 34 , from central shandong province , was injured and taken to hospital .
steelers coach paul thompson said the devils had an advantage , after their request to rearrange their elite league game 24 hours before the final was declined .
bp described the withdrawal as a ` ` precautionary measure '' , adding that it would monitor the security situation .
nottinghamshire police were present when the man fell from a building in the radford area of nottingham on friday evening .
the acceptance of the deal by unions will clear a big hurdle for the service which was due to begin last september .
kimberly mpukusa , 18 , became the number one welsh under 18s tennis player despite struggling to find a sponsor .
football
stevens made his home debut in their 19 - 13 loss to ealing , having joined the club after leaving financially - stricken london welsh last month .
michal podlaszczyk had already served 12 and a half years for the equivalent of manslaughter in his native poland in 2003 when he was 18 .
allardyce took charge of the black cats in october when they were winless in their opening eight matches , but guided them to 17th and safety .
the reverend john price told his victims the hypnosis was to help them relax , before he carried out the abuse , teesside crown court was told .
in northern ireland , weather warnings have also been issued as the third storm of the season , storm clodagh , moved in .
the north east counter terrorism unit confirmed the dewsbury teenager was questioned in april under section 5 of the terrorism act and later bailed .
he recently arrived at the camp in the northern town of bentiu having walked 129 km -lrb- 80 miles -rrb- alone for four days and nights from leer , a small town in unity state , scene of the most recent fighting in the country .
devon and cornwall police has announced a 73 % drop in mental health patients detained in cells since january 2015 .
crews battled the fire in littleborough , rochdale , for several hours after it was reported shortly before 19:30 bst on wednesday .
apple was sued in 2014 for allegedly using a technology developed by a professor and his students in its iphone chips without the university of wisconsin - madison 's permission .
nhs highland required an additional # 2.5 m to help it break even in 2013 - 14 .
he said it was ` ` dispiriting if pretty unsurprising '' to see david cameron 's government turn their back on the coalition 's ` ` liberal stance '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
vickilee galloway , 37 , set her dog on stacey findlay after the two women started arguing in february last year .
cafodd yr esgob joanna penberthy ei chysegru yn esgob tyddewi yng nghadeirlan llandaf am 11:00 .
bedene , 27 , became a british citizen in 2015 but has been unable to overturn a ban preventing him from representing great britain in the davis cup .
a crowd of more than 9,000 attended sunday 's testimonial for the 29-year - old left - back against sunderland .
the claim : membership of the european union guarantees rights on equal pay , sexual harassment and maternity leave , and rights for part - time workers .
the cinema chain has ` ` provided the british public with unforgettable , cinema experiences '' , bafta said .
the 29-year - old former manchester united player will now fly to london to finalise personal terms and have a medical with the hammers .
nationalist mps will take control of the uk parliament 's energy and climate change select committee and scottish affairs select committee .
supporters and colleagues gathered outside the alvorada palace to bid her farewell , some handing her flowers .
the police said four men carried out the assault at altcar park in the galliagh area just before 04:00 gmt on thursday .
tory sources have said mr reckless , the am for south wales east , has held talks with andrew rt davies , leader of the welsh conservatives .
cpl james dunsby 's body appeared to be ` ` shutting down '' on the brecon beacons in july 2013 .
a deal was made by the two main parties and the british and irish governments to resolve a crisis at stormont .
kingfisher house , near the domestic airport in the western city of mumbai -lrb- bombay -rrb- , was being sold by lenders to recover losses .
the 45-year - old , who had a spell as a player at headingley between 1990 and 1995 , spent eight years as essex coach before leaving at the end of 2015 .
my sources include collectors all over the world , dealers , auctions , flea markets , and just about any place i can think of .
the ghanaian midfielder signed a one - year deal after impressing on trial .
hm revenue & customs wants to target businesses that have failed to register for tax , and individuals who fail to declare the money they make online .
they report that a checkpoint manned by local police was attacked in the mirzawalang area of sar - e pul province .
max schrems wants the court to order the irish data protection commissioner to audit facebook to see what material it passes on to the us authorities .
the man was identified by judicial sources as chinese - american xiyue wang , a 37-year - old researcher from princeton university .
the bird , known officially as lf15 , and her partner lm12 bred three chicks in both 2015 and 2016 at the dunkeld reserve .
bernard mensah struck a post for aldershot after 11 minutes , but the visitors were a man down midway through the first half when jim kellerman saw red for a foul on ross stearn .
it has been alleged that some details from the paper were shared in advance on a private social media group .
jamie leek of clifton , nottingham died in zante in june 2012 when he was hit by motorcyclist spiridon koklas .
in a 2005 letter , the prince referred to ` ` the most pressing and urgent problem '' of tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- in cattle , which was ` ` caused and spread '' by badgers .
the man , who has not yet been identified , was last seen alive at 20:45 bst on tuesday 9 june in st stephen 's subway .
martin gallagher , 25 , faces a charge under the offensive behaviour at football act .
the so - called christmas blitz on the evening of 22 december reduced shops and buildings in st ann 's square to ruins .
regina edwards , 52 , strangled priscilla edwards , 78 , with a scarf in february , the old bailey heard .
an unsolicited email from apple inviting publishers to join the service presumes acceptance of the terms , unless they actively opt out .
investigations using ground - penetrating radar equipment have begun on land around st james church next to the remaining ruins of reading abbey .
nick hardwick said staff shortages , population pressures and prison policy all contributed to problems , with a 69 % rise in self - inflicted deaths .
18 january 2016 last updated at 20:09 gmt
media playback is unsupported on your device
` ` it is definitely high time for an lgbt character to be included in the star trek universe , '' zachary quinto , who plays mr spock , told the bbc .
` ` if i 'd been in her shoes , i would have sacked me too , '' he told the bbc .
the men were believed to have been working on the northbound carriageway of the a361 at gornhay cross , tiverton , when they were hit .
the space agency has set out a three part plan , which it hopes will eventually lead to humans living on mars by the 2030s .
the 22-year - old was born in edinburgh but has not been involved in the scotland set - up before now .
investigations were suspended in 2011 after a critical report into the running of the office .
the wikileaks co - founder sought asylum at london 's ecuadorean embassy in 2012 to avoid extradition to sweden .
hampshire , who chose to bowl , had essex 0 - 1 when nick browne was caught off the bowling of fidel edwards .
mr tohti is an economics scholar who has criticised beijing 's policies towards the uighur minority .
media playback is not supported on this device
abigail is the first storm to be given a name by the met office who keep track of our weather .
the us national hurricane centre -lrb- nhc -rrb- said the storm - ` ` alex '' - was 785 miles -lrb- 1,260 km -rrb- south - west of the azores , with winds up to 85 mph -lrb- 140 km/h -rrb- .
the 20-year - old centre - back made 12 appearances this season as pompey won the league two title , and has played 50 games in total for the club .
special report : the technology of business
munashe charles kutyauripo , 16 , known as charlie , was attacked at ashton playing fields following his friend 's party at woodford social club .
brook , 30 , who moved up two weight divisions to face the unbeaten middleweight champion , will have an operation in sheffield on monday , promoter eddie hearn said .
bakewell man stephen downing was convicted in 1974 for killing wendy sewell but that was overturned in 2002 .
they say it could help predict when a person will die , identify those at high - risk of dementia and could affect medicine , pensions and insurance .
the competition organised by village leaders in bibipur , haryana attracted nearly 800 entries from all over the country .
the arches announced on wednesday that it had gone into administration .
the dons have won just two of their past 11 visits to the national stadium since winning the league cup in 1995 and last won the scottish cup in 1990 .
first minister nicola sturgeon will confirm the plans when she addresses the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- congress in glasgow on monday .
reports in france suggest toulon coach diego dominguez 's job is under threat , and lancaster , 46 , is viewed as a potential successor .
the lionhearts were outclassed by their cuban opponents , who claimed the first six bouts to seal a second wsb title in three years .
michael gunn , a retired chartered accountant , wants to spend some of it on a new roof for the church hall .
the rmt union began the 72-hour walkout on new year 's eve .
calls to reward them for their heroics are coming from politicians along with news and social media .
chris and sue moores 's son wayne died when his motorbike was struck by a drink driver in 2010 .
the ` ` surprising find '' in avebury , which is 30 m -lrb- 98 ft -rrb- wide , is thought to be one of the site 's earliest structures .
it happened at about 16:00 bst on saturday - the blaze spread from one house to neighbouring properties in ballyoran park .
the cascade - or weeping window - section will be shown at st george 's hall in liverpool and woodhorn museum , northumberland .
mr philippe , 48 , was arrested after appearing as a guest on a radio programme in port - au - prince last week .
the staff who would be relocated would be those who already process payments made in euros for hsbc in canary wharf .
the first to benefit from ` ` white space '' internet will be residents on the isle of arran , who have struggled with poor broadband speeds .
the city 's labour council unveiled the proposal as part of the city 's new development plan .
until mid - july , her main worry was getting the right grades for medical school .
the 19-year - old striker has appeared three times for newcastle 's first team .
the aim is to cut through the jargon and present election news in a different way .
wick joint campus is being constructed to replace wick high school and pulteneytown and south primaries .
the rac said the higher prices were due to a combination of rising crude oil prices , and the devaluation of the pound after june 's brexit vote .
media playback is not supported on this device
castell henllys iron age village , near crymych , needs people to support the prehistoric site , which is owned and run by the pembrokeshire coast national park authority .
jocelyn mckay is now 81 and said she feels ` ` released '' from the feelings that gripped her for so long .
the firm predicted that the move would help drive the development of autonomous vehicles .
media playback is not supported on this device
you might not associate academic analysis with raucous outdoor performances or atmospheric indoor shows under candlelight .
conservative mp fiona bruce , who spearheaded the move , said the law was being ` ` interpreted in different ways '' .
the numbers are stark - for the first time in india 's recent history , not only was there a decline in the female labour participation rate , but also a shrinking of the total number of women in the workforce .
the lynx uk trust has suggested trial reintroductions in aberdeenshire , argyll , northumberland , cumbria and norfolk .
their comments , she wrote , ` ` reminds me how big the world is and how many more decent people there are than not '' .
hot lava and ash spewed from the top into a valley nearby on the italian island of sicily .
the commons opposed proposals to allow councils to extend opening hours by 317 votes to 286 , as 27 tories rebelled .
they say argenis hernandez was shot in the stomach on friday in the city of valencia and later died in hospital .
in the victorian fairground where the grotesque mixed with the gaudy , where the sound of the barrel organ mixed with the whooshes and bangs of the various rides , there would be the stand where you would be able to lace up a pair of boxing gloves and take on the gnarled and grizzled man mountain who would be waiting for you in the ring .
royal mail said the rise of delivery firm whistl could wipe # 200 m off sales .
alice pyne , 17 , of ulverston , died of hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2013 after publishing her wish list .
officials in the city of novosibirsk ruled that parnas , the main opposition coalition , had failed to collect enough valid signatures to take part .
they were last seen alive during a protest in the town of iguala .
last month he became the first player to speak publicly about being sexually abused as a boy at crewe in the 1980s .
people in 120 homes in wisbech had been told to boil their water ` ` until further notice '' after supplies were contaminated .
consider the unreliable plumbing , dated wallpaper , and room service meals that can arrive an hour late and stone cold .
it follows the discovery of 115 people locked inside three small houses in edinburg , close to the mexican border .
the 40-year - old , from the south bank area of teesside , was discovered on the a66 in the early hours ` ` in a distressed state '' with wounds to his groin after the attack .
david jacques , from the university of buckingham , made the discovery at blick mead in october , and said the carbon dating results had just been confirmed .
ms maréchal - le pen , 27 , who is an mp for the national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , had been seen by some as a future leader of the party .
the blast in a town in puebla state was apparently caused by thieves attempting to steal fuel from the pipeline .
23 september 2014 last updated at 17:05 bst
the fight , adams ' second as a professional and first in her home city for 20 years , will be over four three - minute rounds , rather than the usual two - minute rounds for women .
brake manufacturer meritor , which owns the site in cwmbran where facilities could be built , is backing proposals .
davies , 32 , joined in 2015 and skippered the staggies to league cup final success in his debut season .
the international bomber command centre is being built in lincolnshire , which became known as bomber county in the war because it had so many raf bases .
coroner jim kitson said the inquest into the death of 11-year - old francis rowntree in 1972 would be ` ` severely hampered '' if he could not attend .
mother - of - two tracy kearns , 43 , of kinmel bay , has not been seen since about 20:00 bst on 7 may .
ceredigion - based lewis coaches , which runs buses from aberystwyth to cardiff via carmarthen , is to shut on friday .
the 50p per unit minimum was approved by msps in 2012 , but has faced legal challenges from the drinks industry .
` ` parents no longer have the certainty when they send their child to school that they will be taught by qualified teachers , '' says nasuwt leader chris keates .
in a small study , they performed better than adults at a picture - based game and brain scans showed a higher level of brain activity .
the 18-year - old from birmingham was detained after arriving back in the uk on saturday morning .
peel energy and united utilities want to add a further 16 turbines at scout moor , on land between rochdale and rossendale .
the academy selsey suffered extensive damage and much of its contents was destroyed in the blaze on 21 august .
city thought a # 40 m deal had been agreed for the argentine striker after he told the premier league outfit he wanted to return to south america .
it has led to calls for douglas ross to stand down from his frontbench role as the party 's justice spokesman .
they strictly controlled the diets of 19 people so they all had exactly the same calorie intake .
as well as improving people 's mood , the experiment showed ` ` significant '' reductions in participants ' heart rates and blood pressure , the authors added .
chevrolet has developed a mode called teen driver , which can keep young drivers safe on the road .
derek medina admitted taking the picture on his phone and uploading it on to the social media site .
his son , film director duncan jones , confirmed the news and a statement was released on his official social media accounts .
rabbatts , 61 , became the fa 's first female non - executive director and board member when she was appointed in 2012 .
kenya is walking dangerously close to the ` ` mass grave '' it dug for itself in 2008 , following the disputed election of 2007 .
cornwall live said its journalists were told they could not broadcast the pm 's visit via facebook live .
len richards has been named as the new chief executive of cardiff and vale university health board -lrb- cvuhb -rrb- .
this is the first time that an english side of any age has been able to call themselves football world champions since england won the world cup in 1966 .
riot police quelled skirmishes between rival fans behind one of the goals just before kick - off in england 's 3 - 0 win .
members of the technicians ' union bectu and the national union of journalists -lrb- nuj -rrb- voted in favour of industrial action in protest at a 2 % pay award .
as a result , how - and not just whether - a claimant is able to accomplish tasks like walking and planning journeys will help determine the amount they are entitled to in benefits .
the 21-year - old joined tigers on loan in february , making five appearances , and is one of four uncapped players in the england squad for the summer tests .
set in singapore during the year 2065 , call of duty : black ops iii begins with a mission where players must investigate the ` ` mysterious disappearance '' of a cia station .
it is believed to have been spotted by a member of the public at about 09:30 on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
arsenal will host leicester city on friday 11 august , with a 19:45 bst kick - off , as the premier league starts its 25th anniversary season .
mr justice colton backed legal action by construction company fp mccann ltd . .
but is the issue the result of local factors or a symptom of a more fundamental issue ?
the college , which employs about 480 staff , said it had been operating with a ` ` staff surplus '' for several years which must now be addressed .
many of paris 's tourist attractions , including the louvre and the musee d'orsay , closed on saturday amid heightened security .
mr trump 's 2018 budget blueprint reportedly includes a 37 % spending cut for the state department and us agency for international development -lrb- usaid -rrb- .
the group , reported to be three men , two women and four children aged from two to 11 , was held at reyhanli , in hatay province , near the syrian border .
it is hoped the sale , to be handled by estate agent knight frank , will cover the Â # 502 m debts accrued by a firm which tried to redevelop the landmark site .
the 27-year - old is the first player to join the club since thomas christiansen was appointed head coach last week .
leanne wood spoke against a call by former plaid mp adam price during the party 's spring conference to consider the idea as a way of creating jobs .
the reds , who are fifth in national two south , beat third - placed chinnor 29 - 12 for a second win in a row .
qk cold stores -lrb- marston -rrb- ltd was prosecuted by south kesteven district council after the incident in june .
the film 's trailer attracted more ` ` dislikes '' than any trailer ever on youtube , which suggested a concerted campaign by some fans of the original .
it may be their signature pose , but how and why the birds perch on one limb has been a longstanding puzzle .
the department for education -lrb- dfe -rrb- met the expense from its overall budget , says the national audit office report .
emily thornberry said labour would not ` ` frustrate brexit '' even if it failed to amend the bill .
the vikings led the table after winning six of their first seven games but slipped from the top after losing to warrington on 25 march .
the 49-strong team for the event , which will be at london stadium in stratford from 14 - 23 july , contains 10 athletes who won gold at rio 2016 .
hutchinson is involved in metal design and manufacturing and laser cutting .
tight - head rae , 22 , has committed himself to the warriors until may 2019 , having joined in 2013 .
the 21-year - old has yet to make a first - team appearance for the eagles , but has had six separate loan spells .
the 58-year - old , who drew his first game in management with bournemouth in 1992 on a plastic pitch at preston , admits that a return to stoke ` ` could not have been scripted better '' .
it is thought the body was dumped some time between 21:00 bst and midnight on sunday , just off the a628 at tintwistle , near glossop , derbyshire .
under us law , 40 % of the corn harvest must be used to make biofuel , a quota which the un says could contribute to a food crisis around the world .
he said the prime minister 's position owed less to ` ` great philosophers '' than the hapless sidekick from the 1980s bbc tv show blackadder .
the club , which is owned by its fans via the exeter city supporters trust , declared a total profit of # 1.642 m for 2014 - 15 , mainly due to the sale of midfielder matt grimes to swansea city .
hugh thomson , 67 , from lumsden , drank half a pint of beer and four whiskies , aberdeen sheriff court heard .
guy hedger , 61 , died in the early hours of 30 april after intruders reportedly broke into his home in ashley , near ringwood , and opened fire with a shotgun .
richard walsh , 43 , was accused of attacking the two schoolboys , aged 12 and 13 , in havant , last month .
the 27-year - old frenchman played 29 times for leyton orient in 2016 - 17 , as they were relegated from league two .
they say that 17 million people will benefit - by saving Â # 100 a year on their bills .
eight of the nine rate - setters on the monetary policy committee -lrb- mpc -rrb- voted for no change , with one voting for a rise .
police hope the scheme will help reduce financial crime by spotting scams before money has been handed over .
however , she said there were ` ` many , many other questions '' about brexit and there was ` ` still a lot to do '' .
moseley road baths in birmingham and wentworth woodhouse near rotherham , yorkshire , are listed on the 2016 world monuments watch .
saturday 's 28 - 20 loss at worcester warriors kept the falcons pinned to the foot of the table , and was the fourth defeat of the new campaign .
two men were attacked in ivory blacks in oswald street , glasgow , at about 23:00 on friday 14 october .
a review into the murder of rhys jones , who was killed by a man released five days earlier , questioned whether his killer 's risk to the public should have been reassessed .
the leading index closed down 69.63 points at 6231.89 .
ambulance crews at the scene at the a456 hagley road west in birmingham said it was ` ` astonishing '' those inside were not more seriously hurt .
mr haugh , 25 , was stabbed in a laneway in the marian estate in the early hours of sunday .
` ` there should be no baseball season this year , '' alfredo pedrique , a former major league baseball player , said during a radio interview .
12 march 2016 last updated at 13:12 gmt
kuba moczyk , 22 , died in hospital after he was knocked out in an unlicensed fight at the tower complex , great yarmouth , norfolk , on 19 november .
francesca dingley , 22 , from north london , died in a chengdu apartment on 10 february 2015 , five days after moving in to the flat .
suffolk side needham market fc were heading to folkestone when they hit a jam on the m20 in kent on saturday .
the 28-year old dolgellau - based driver won three out of the 17 stages in the m - sport ford fiesta in his first event since returning to wrc .
fosse park , near junction 21 of the m1 , opened in 1989 and was bought in august for Â # 345.5 m.
emergency numbers were down and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links between the mainland for almost five hours .
in a column in the national newspaper , he said he has ` ` little doubt '' the ` ` next test is coming '' .
the 22-year - old leaves first professional club wigan athletic after four years , having made 19 senior appearances .
alwyn pritchard , 53 , was riding his motorbike when he was struck by an audi driven by paul wilson , who then fled the scene , cardiff crown court heard .
ch insp david pettigrew believes the cameras would act as a deterrent to disorder and vandalism .
monarch said it was ` ` trading well '' despite a difficult period for the industry because of terrorist incidents , brexit and the weak pound .
shortly after midday , the ftse 100 was 37.55 points higher at 6,256.81 .
st james ' park and west ham united 's ground were raided in april by hm revenue and customs as part of a Â # 5 m national insurance fraud investigation .
the crues will retain the gibson cup if they beat the lurgan blues on saturday and linfield fail to defeat coleraine .
dunlop , 27 , lapped the course at 132.36 mph on his bmw superbike and was only four seconds outside john mcguinness ' absolute lap record .
mackie has scored twice in 33 championship games for the rs since rejoining following his release by nottingham forest in june 2015 .
plans by the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- would remove one of the two weeks when games are not played to create space for a new global international season .
the lego movie creators chris miller and phil lord and fox 21 tv studios have optioned the rights to the podcast , reports deadline .
police said another man suffered serious injuries in the incident , which occurred near the globe bar in high street on friday 19 may .
the university and college union says the 1.1 % rise offered by the universities is ` ` an insult '' .
the pga tour said it could not find sponsors to hold the 2017 world golf championship at mr trump 's doral course in miami .
the devon - based 31-year - old 's last race was the world championships in february where he finished in 16th place .
the 23-year - old midfielder has scored 21 goals in 53 league appearances since joining the gunners from sunderland ladies in 2010 .
the 80-year - old , a champion of the doric dialect , was a compere and producer of variety shows before branching out into broadcasting .
with a fifth successive title win all but wrapped up , the pfa scotland player of the year says thoughts are now turning to defending the crown next season .
president barack obama has declared the state a disaster area , meaning federal aid can be sent to the affected areas .
the orlando city midfielder , 34 , will replace bayern munich 's douglas costa , who was removed from the squad because of an injury to his left thigh .
encore : movie partners sing broadway , a collection of show tune duets featuring hugh jackman , jamie foxx and others , is her seventh number one album in the uk .
friends and family of yassar yaqub , 28 , from huddersfield , laid flowers and displayed a banner in his memory .
capt sutton was chosen for the role by jetstar airways - which covers all of australia and new zealand - and will oversee 900 pilots across the fleet .
the clashes came hours after deputy prime minister bulent arinc apologised for the violent police response to initial protests last week .
paula vasco - knight , 53 , broke down as she changed her plea on the second day of her trial at exeter crown court .
the incidents happened between 01:30 and 01:40 on sunday 3 may at the riego street flats .
the ulster gazette carries the story of a portadown man who was stopped on his way back from a bulgarian ` lad 's holiday ' with a knuckle duster , stun device , extendable baton and pepper spray .
carmarthenshire council funded chief executive mark james in his case over remarks made on jacqui thompson 's blog .
they face a monumental task .
dollar financial uk , which owns brands including the money shop , payday uk , payday express and ladder loans , agreed the compensation after a review by the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- .
the former world champion will target the time trial and may also support lizzie armitstead in the road race .
the londoner beat competition from the likes of florence + the machine , wolf alice and supergrass star gaz coombes .
the premier league club say the 22-year - old left - back is expected to be sidelined for ` ` up to eight weeks '' after the knock in a 6 - 1 loss to bournemouth .
for the six months to june , net profit jumped to a record $ 1.1 bn -lrb- Â # 660 m -rrb- from $ 873 m one year ago .
the amnesty would have applied to offences committed during the political turmoil after thailand 's 2006 coup , which ousted mr thaksin .
the welsh government has agreed to pay Â # 20,000-a - year for three years for a site to store the 15th century vessel discovered in 2002 .
in burnell 's first action of the season , he beat a field of more than 80 swimmers at emirates palace bay .
media playback is not supported on this device
edmund , ranked 85th , opens play on court five against france 's 13th seed richard gasquet at 16:00 bst .
output rose 9.3 % from a year ago , which was up from march 's figure of 8.9 % but below market forecasts for a 9.5 % rise .
the ftse 100 index rose 77 points , or 1.1 % , to 6,911.4 , with similar rises seen elsewhere in europe .
all 12,000 pupils are offered milk , fruit juice , cereal and toast in a bid to benefit their performance in school .
comrade akaash 's statement comes after the rebels were blamed for friday 's train crash which left 148 people dead .
it is believed to be the first alleged breach of the terrorism prevention and investigation measures -lrb- tpim -rrb- .
he spoke of his opposition to nuclear weapons and the need to retrain workers based at faslane submarine base .
the system is being based on the way people fill up their car with petrol or buy data bundles with a mobile phone .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- had ordered all insurance companies to split out the extra charges for the additional protection .
trinidadian simmons , who has led the irish since 2007 , is believed to have been interviewed for the job prior to the current world cup .
shortly after telling the bbc his story the father , called jahangir , received a call from ashraf ghani assuring him that arrests would be made .
the east antrim mp had been considering putting his name forward after nigel dodds ruled himself out .
he was the only person nominated after the previous leader , jamie adams , pulled out of the contest .
the ukip leader told meps that the vote would be an opportunity for the uk to regain its ` ` national self - confidence '' .
the park authority 's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing .
the 23-year - old has played nine league games for the spireites this season , all as a substitute , but started two cup matches .
it will be the first time that the tournament has been held in england since 1993 , when the home side beat new zealand in the final at lord 's .
the star whisked through 23 songs in 90 minutes , in a blur of pyrotechnics , lasers and multiple costume changes .
the office of rail regulation -lrb- orr -rrb- has taken a look at network rail 's performance between april and october this year , and found it wanting in key areas .
the bangladeshi foreign ministry said the two men were now safe in hospital in the city of sirte .
but there was nothing expected about the way his manchester united side claimed their first away win of the season .
the 22-year - old australian will act as cover at allianz park during the rugby world cup , which takes place between 18 september and 31 october .
pavey , a mother of two who only gave birth to her younger child emily 11 months ago , ran the perfect tactical race to match the gold won by her old friend paula radcliffe in munich 12 years ago .
leanne wood made the comments in a bbc tv debate , which took place a day after the terrorist attack in london .
there have been huge battery - related recalls before - nokia had to ask consumers to send back 46 million batteries in 2007 because of overheating fears , but because they were removable it did not mean a well - reviewed flagship had to be scrapped .
the eighteen - year - old lost his lower legs and spent nearly a month in hospital after the accident .
the best picture winner also garnered best director awards for richard linklater and best supporting actress for patricia arquette .
but the music in the air is understated these days .
doris has been recovered , said wrexham police inspector paul wycherley , who tweeted that two suspects had been arrested following a chase on foot .
workers could make the saving if they switch from a car commute to cycling or walking , according to sustrans .
media playback is not supported on this device
it looked into the lens at abergynolwyn station , in gwynedd , on the talyllyn railway - the world 's oldest passenger - carrying narrow - gauge line .
the midfielder tried his luck from 40 yards out after seeing lawrence vigouroux off his line to score his sixth goal of the season before grabbing his seventh in the second half .
revised growth estimates now suggest the construction industry shrank in the first quarter of 2012 , but by less than previously thought .
the wasp takes its name from the dark creatures in jk rowling 's stories , because it paralyses its prey with venom before sucking its life away .
the national lottery support for aberystwyth university 's old college was announced on wednesday .
the device was stolen during the band 's concert at sunderland 's stadium of light on 25 may .
the online hate crime hub is made up of five specially trained met police officers who will try to identify , prevent and investigate online abuse .
zoe gregory , 26 , is accused of sending a message claiming an explosive had been left at ormiston victory academy in costessey , norfolk , on 9 february .
the comedian and actress did her trademark gallop during the curtain call at the musical 's opening night at london 's piccadilly theatre .
two cars were damaged in the incident in the nursery drive and parkhead area of newry on friday night .
more than 100 thames valley officers executed warrants at eight properties across the city early on tuesday .
the film star and his lawyer wife amal , want to put up eight cameras on poles in the grounds , up to five metres -lrb- 16 ft -rrb- high .
he said such a series ` ` would show what a great service the programme is performing for young entrepreneurs , young people , to inspire them '' .
miller served his ban from 2004 to 2006 after admitting using blood - boosting agent epo early in his career .
the serious case review into events at winterbourne view , near bristol , comes after 11 ex - staff members admitted offences against patients .
beckie allen , from grimsby , found the replica ammonite shell at the base of a fence post in scunthorpe 's high street east .
the man , 41 , was helped from the audi tt which had been driven at speed into carr mill reservoir in st helens on monday evening , merseyside police said .
after his opening 66 , two immediate birdies moved the 37-year - old to a share of the lead but six bogeys in windy conditions saw him losing ground .
his is one of dozens of cases opened by authorities in a crackdown on condoning or threatening terrorism .
midfielder garrett scored in the 3 - 1 victory at shamrock park but should not have been on the pitch .
murray , 27 , outsmarted the 19-year - old to win 6 - 3 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 5 -rrb- 6 - 3 and set up a clash with tomas berdych on thursday .
the expansion is a result of the funding boost announced by the uk government last year .
the early work , carried out on mice and pigs , reveals the protein - infused patch encourages the growth of healthy cells and leads to less scarring .
the girls were ` ` touched inappropriately '' in the castaway camp playground at the park in windsor , berkshire , on thursday 11 august .
pc keith palmer 's murder , in an attack outside the houses of parliament in march , prompted ` ` greater emphasis '' on the need for a permanent memorial .
two people were rescued from the burning fishing boat tranquility on thursday night .
britain 's last world title was secured by gail emms and nathan robertson , while chris adcock partnered imogen bankier to world silver in 2011 .
media playback is not supported on this device
mario mandzukic , on his 31st birthday , turned home juan cuadrado 's cross from close range to give the perennial champions an early lead .
a kamo hovhannisyan own goal set them on their way , with ledian memushaj adding a second from a free - kick and armando sadiku tapping home a third .
celebrations were held in the streets around the belgrave road , known as the golden mile .
people will be able to subscribe to popular channels such as discovery and eurosport individually , without paying for a bundle of channels .
arthur cory , 49 , said the flag had been kept in a cupboard at penllyn castle near cowbridge , since he was a boy .
cardiff university 's school of pharmacy and pharmaceuticals plans to add medicinal salmonella - killing herbs to the fermented honey drink .
the discovery was made by a man who was carrying out gardening work at his home in killakee , firhouse .
sian o'callaghan , 22 , was last seen leaving suju alone at about 0250 gmt on saturday to walk half a mile home .
welshman chaz davies won the race as northern ireland 's rea , 29 , secured an unassailable 55-point lead going into the final race of 2016 on sunday .
but for the average backbench mp , the chance to make laws can seem a distant possibility .
steve williams , of flat iron heritage , contacted his local mp , lindsay hoyle , after families were blocked from visiting the chorley pals memorial site at serre - les - puisieux .
the hosts needed only 66 minutes and 82 deliveries to take the remaining seven england wickets in centurion .
the 15-year - old , who is currently staying with relatives , has been subject to an online and in - person harassment campaign .
he will also answer questions from the audience at the event , which is being held to raise money for charity .
john guidetti drove home the free - kick that followed pascali 's professional foul on stefan scepovic .
people refusing to believe that the london 2012 games , seven years in the making and more than a month in the doing , had finally ended .
michael mcconville told the bbc he took mr adams ' remarks ` ` as a threat '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
frances cappuccini , 30 , died after losing 2.3 litres of blood at tunbridge wells hospital in kent .
mohammed ali , of prescot road , liverpool , is accused of attempting to possess a chemical weapon .
the hosts , chasing 379 to win , began slowly and chopra 's caution increased after a middle - order collapse of three wickets for 25 runs .
mignon du preez hit a second odi century with 116 off 99 balls , helping her side to 272 - 6 .
svetlana kuznetsova will hope not , after she hacked some of her own hair off midway during a match at the wta finals in singapore on monday .
they talk of a boy who dressed smartly and worked hard , but who barely said a word during his time at school .
it is believed the man was locked out of his flat on king street when he became stuck 3 m -lrb- 10 ft -rrb- up on the railings .
the new measure could lead to delays of up to three years before new drugs are made available to give nhs bosses the chance to try to renegotiate the price with drug firms .
the 48-year - old was expected to be charged with about 11 offences over the incident in teralba , outside newcastle .
it was introduced for the final race of 2014 to keep the championship alive for as long as possible but was criticised by drivers , teams and fans .
she announced the arrival of albert louie kenny on instagram , with a photo of her alongside husband jason - a six - time olympic gold medallist .
four councils have pledged # 250,000 for a detailed traffic modelling plan to look at traffic on both sides of the proposed bridge in detail .
the company has been negotiating with the pension regulator and the ppf in a bid to offload its pension liabilities and a decision is expected soon .
visitors are expected to flock to the royal botanic gardens in edinburgh -lrb- rbge -rrb- at the peak of the plant 's pungency over the next three days .
aimee and carl pistorius said they were anxious ahead of tuesday 's hearing , and that the truth had been ` ` twisted and manipulated '' and ` ` sensationalised '' .
the two sides in the decades - old conflict have been holding peace talks since 2012 .
four tickets were purchased by bournville college in birmingham under former principal norman cave , a freedom of information request has revealed .
south wales police said 39-year - old angharad bullock was reported missing on 28 april , along with the toddler .
the roundabout , which saw more than 80 collisions and 90 people injured in 2012 - 14 , was replaced with two - way traffic on sunday .
now , as jaguar land rover announces plans to create an extra 1,700 jobs at its base in solihull - on top of 800 created in january - is the west midlands town becoming ` ` land rover land '' ?
media playback is not supported on this device
sistercharlie was second , with terrakova third .
the crown estate said that leasing the sites for technology development was ` ` critical '' for the uk to unlock the potential of wave and tidal energy .
the nine employees were made redundant when ilex closed earlier this year .
the veteran broadcaster died of cancer on sunday at the age of 77 .
failed leadership candidate lisa duffy was having dinner with her staff in bournemouth on friday .
media playback is not supported on this device
drivers from the rail , maritime and transport union have unanimously backed the deal .
county are tenants at the ground which is also used by rugby union teams newport gwent dragons and newport rfc .
the commission had barred mr shafiq on tuesday under a law that prevents senior officials from the era of president hosni mubarak from standing .
the st athan search and rescue helicopter service was officially launched on thursday .
pakistan 's military spokesman says the line has just been used for the first time as the two countries work to improve co - ordination along the border .
a 38-year - old man , who was a back seat car passenger , is in a critical but stable condition in hospital following the b9080 crash at about 22:15 on wednesday .
andrew barrett , 32 , from norfolk , worked for the east of england ambulance service but resigned when he was charged .
naz shah has apologised for sharing the graphic showing israel 's outline superimposed onto a map of the us with the comment ` ` problem solved '' .
wilson 's side were demolished by 101 runs against hampshire on tuesday .
out of work for half a year , liisa , 26 and from helsinki , has been looking for a job without success .
it is the largest ever contingent of scots in a great britain team for an overseas olympics , surpassing the previous record of 31 in beijing in 2008 .
within minutes , water cannon showered the demonstrators and there were loud thuds as tear gas canisters were fired .
the queen 's cousin , 79 , was taken to aberdeen royal infirmary on monday after he suffered the injury while staying at balmoral .
media playback is not supported on this device
the images are all the more striking when you consider that mr jenkinson , 42 , from y ffor , near pwllheli in gwynedd , is blind .
police were called to a unit at derwent works , matlock road , ambergate , at about 20:00 bst on sunday following reports a man had been injured .
mr khan is the city 's first muslim mayor , after beating tory zac goldsmith by 1,310,143 votes to 994,614 .
many lizards can detach their tails when attacked , but fish - scale geckos have large scales that tear away with ease .
heard , 30 , filed for divorce in los angeles superior court citing irreconcilable differences .
sir richard leese is a senior figure in the drive to unite the north of england as an economic force .
the preliminary caixin manufacturing purchasing managers ' index -lrb- pmi -rrb- fell to 47 in september , below forecasts of 47.5 and down from 47.3 in august .
the toffees have been working with liverpool city council to find a replacement for goodison park , where they have played since 1892 .
archibald was responding to comments by his former player ziggy gordon that he has learned more in a few months in poland than in his years in scotland .
they were named as robert roche , 36 , from hove , sussex , a boy aged three and a girl aged 18 months .
ednane mahmood , from blackburn , is also alleged to have provided internet links to others with speeches and propaganda that encouraged acts of terrorism .
the incident happened after the vehicle left the a68 in jedburgh at about 09:40 .
writing in the observer he said he reveres ` ` the sanctity of life but not at any cost '' .
spain 's marta corredera curled the hosts into an early lead before england striker dan carter doubled their lead moments later .
most of the injuries were minor , but several people had been taken to hospital , one official said .
the us administration signalled heavy cuts to un operations , in its budget proposals released on tuesday .
programme makers did not disclose the comments made by biggins , who had been the bookmakers ' favourite to win .
valentine , who had been suffering from parkinson 's disease , died ` ` peacefully '' in the early hours of wednesday morning , his agent derek webster said .
the 23-year - old striker , on loan from al hilal , pounced on a sloppy pass from defender daniel ayala and slotted a fine finish past darren randolph .
police initially said that business rivalry was a more likely motive for the attack on the movida bar restaurant outside kuala lumpur on 28 june .
on friday , a 34-year - old woman became the second person in three weeks to die at the busy bow roundabout junction .
in a 6 - 3 decision , the justices said that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low - income individuals can continue .
kitchens , toilets and washing facilities haven been installed at tredegar park with the first demonstration expected on saturday , five days before the summit .
media playback is not supported on this device
researchers have found a 90 % fall in levels of the human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- in scottish women since the vaccine was made available in 2008 .
mae pob ysgol yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy ' n mynd o wyrdd , i felyn , oren a choch .
it has been a great experience for me to be involved with melbourne and winning the australian women 's grand final against perth glory is another career highlight .
the concert was held amid tight security at the heavily protected intercontinental hotel .
griezmann has a haematoma on his left foot but atletico said ` ` an injury to the bone was ruled out '' after an x - ray .
woods , 41 , is recovering from a fourth back operation since april 2014 .
animal rescue officer sian robertson said they were alerted when a nurse became suspicious while feeding it .
cheshire east council said the suspension of chief executive mike suarez after a disciplinary committee meeting on monday was a ` ` neutral act '' .
blues built a 14 - 3 lead with tries by lloyd williams and gareth anscombe .
connor hamer , 22 , said he had been refused service at the restaurant in pilsworth on sunday and would be protesting until the matter was sorted .
malka leifer , the former principal of a jewish girls ' school in melbourne , fled to israel in 2008 after accusations were raised against her .
he said new forests would slow flooding by trapping water with their roots .
shaun ritchie , 20 , was last seen with friends at a remote woodland area near strichen on the night of friday 31 october into the saturday morning .
national lottery operator camelot said that , subject to validation , the prize could be paid out on monday .
no such law exists , but rishiraj singh , the excise commissioner in the southern indian state of kerala , said such a stare could get a man jailed .
speaking in athens , moshe yaalon said is had ` ` enjoyed turkish money for oil for a very , very long period of time '' .
the us economy grew at an annual rate of 0.2 % in the first three months of the year , far lower than forecasts .
kaushik basu , the former chief economist for the world bank , says the ` ` collateral damage '' is likely to outstrip its benefits .
the state department 's john kirby said pakistan must target militant groups .
muir , 23 , broke mccolgan 's 25-year - old record by 14 seconds at the emirates arena in glasgow on wednesday , with a time of 14 minutes , 49.12 seconds .
agnius naumovas , who was from lithuania but had been living in the city , was found on margaret 's avenue at about 20:00 local time on christmas day .
it would mean some schools being taken from council control and being converted to academies .
lib dem mohammed bashir won the woking borough council seat in surrey by 16 votes in may 2012 but a judge ruled there had been corrupt and illegal practices .
adam mitchell is believed to have been in a pub in inverness ' baron taylor street on wednesday night last week .
last month , the board of crofting 's regulatory body apologised for its handling of the dispute with crofters .
pedro sanchez has been trying to secure support for a coalition government with the centre - right ciudadanos party following inconclusive december polls .
they say the lengths of tiny pieces of dna called telomeres indicate whether a young creature is likely to live long into old age .
a 67-year - old was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident on the a7 , a mile north of stow .
nintendo said such pixels were ` ` normal and should not be considered a defect '' .
the powdery white beaches of zanzibar 's east coast are best known as a holiday destination .
her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary -lrb- hmic -rrb- said the south wales , dyfed - powys and north wales forces all ` ` required improvement '' .
the changes will see the workforce drop by 85,000 , from 135,000 to 50,000 .
karen jacquet , 59 , was pronounced dead at the scene after officers were called to an address in mill gate , newark , nottinghamshire , on wednesday .
nato secretary - general jens stoltenberg said the two sides ` ` disagree on the facts , the narrative and the responsibilities '' on ukraine .
according to a statement released by the other two members of the band , the singer and guitarist had left ` ` indefinitely '' .
seonaid , 21 , won the 50 m rifle three positions event with an accumulated score of 458.5 .
asghar stanikzai hit 101 , his first one - day century , to help the afghans hit their highest ever total of 338 in the indian venue of greater noida .
irish ministers have said they want the uk to stay in the eu and will not stay neutral in the forthcoming referendum .
south oxfordshire district council 's headquarters in crowmarsh gifford , was one of three properties wrecked in blazes on thursday .
ranieri guided leicester to the title despite them being rated 5,000 - 1 shots at the start of the 2015 - 16 campaign .
the 91-year - old , alongside the firm 's former chief financial officer howard smith , is accused of engineering bogus transactions to hide the insurance giant 's financial difficulties .
communication between two proteins is what triggers the cell tent to lose its shape and become unanchored , their research found .
a church commission inspected the bust in crimea after natalya poklonskaya made the claim on a russian tv channel .
at an event in hove , the prime minister said all good schools should be able to expand and his government had supported that right .
the local authority has awarded the sum to hearthstone investments , a london property fund which hopes to build 1,000 new homes across the country .
rohan rhodes should have had blood tests on three occasions in the hours before he died at st michael 's hospital in bristol , coroner maria voisin said .
the cloning of the first animal from an adult cell was a remarkable scientific achievement .
sir bruce hosted strictly for a decade until he stepped down last year .
labour would bring back the 50p tax on incomes above # 150,000 and introduce a ` ` mansion tax '' on homes worth over # 2 m .
two other former executives , as well as the camera firm itself , filed a guilty plea in tokyo district court .
lgc forensics , the biggest commercial provider , said the private sector was ready to take on the work of the fss , but expressed concern that the forensics market was shrinking .
it was announced on the 70th anniversary of d - day that the legion d'honneur would be awarded to all veterans who took part in the invasion .
infectiously - catchy earworm ` ppap ' -lrb- short for pen - pineapple - apple - pen ' -rrb- was performed by animal print - clad dj piko - taro , a fictional character played by japanese entertainer kazuhiko kosaka .
the latest markit / cips services purchasing managers ' index -lrb- pmi -rrb- fell to 52.7 last month , down from january 's reading of 55.6 .
media playback is not supported on this device
taking place in northern ireland for the first time , this year 's event is live at the sse arena on 20 december .
the schalke midfielder swept home a benjamin henrichs pass from 20 yards and then slotted home from timo werner 's through ball .
the former double world champion , 23 , missed the 2014 commonwealth games due to recurring trouble in her left knee .
the hannover forward , who will also miss austria 's game in serbia on sunday , has been replaced by sturm graz striker deni alar
the verdict came from the care quality commission 's first inspection since the university hospitals of north midlands nhs trust was created in november .
nick d'aloisio told the bbc he was currently deciding between working full - time for the california - based company or going to university .
some dairy farmers have said they face going out of business if prices they receive for their products do not rise .
the prime minister said labour had a ` ` brass neck '' to claim they were on the side of ordinary working families .
jason duff was discovered falling in and out of consciousness on bo ` ness road in polmont , stirlingshire on 31 may last year .
the couple married in the 28-year - old tennis star 's hometown of dunblane in april .
griffiths impressed despite dragons ' 21 - 16 pro12 defeat by scarlets at the principality stadium .
the report was commissioned by stormont 's department for social development -lrb- dsd -rrb- and the department of the environment -lrb- doe -rrb- .
kpmg and the recruitment and employment confederation -lrb- rec -rrb- reported that the rate of expansion in hiring employees sank to a four - month low .
cooper , 18 , was registered with the national league in time for him to be part of the squad for saturday 's home fixture against braintree town .
the supporters claimed the london legacy development corporation -lrb- lldc -rrb- would subsidise rent , which it denied .
former five - weight world champion mayweather faced ufc lightweight title - holder mcgregor in canada in front of 16,000 fans in toronto .
wagner , 46 , was appointed on a 12-month rolling contract in november 2015 .
the european space agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on monday , along with two crewmates from russia and america .
executive producer al jean said in a statement to the new york times that shearer had turned down a new pay deal .
he was 17 in canada at the time , the year was 1966 , and as his dad 's business was uninsured , the family lost everything .
lily partridge , 22 , complained of a headache after the clash at a training session in north tawton , devon , in december 2015 .
at a rally in his hometown of hope , arkansas , mr huckabee used the phrase ` ` hope to higher ground '' as a motif .
the union unite organised the rally at the firm 's headquarters in derbyshire .
police said kinga pelc from the east belfast area died in hospital on saturday .
in an even first leg of few chances , walsh 's quality hit from range with 16 minutes remaining gave the english league champions the edge .
the hosts scored a brilliant first - half try and had the scots under severe pressure at times after the interval .
1 july 2016 last updated at 11:22 bst
there were 31,000 offences recorded in the year up to april 2014 , up 8,500 on the previous year .
police seized 12 kg of ` ` high purity cocaine '' equivalent to 48 kg of ` ` cut cocaine '' worth between # 1.5 m and # 4.5 m.
the call comes after at least four people were killed in clashes between police and protesters .
jonathan bell had been removed from office by the dup as part of the rolling resignation scheme in response to a stormont crisis .
media playback is not supported on this device
brownhill made only six appearances for north end last season , but scored three goals in 27 games on loan at league one play - off winners barnsley .
hm revenue and customs said there were 13 m new accounts opened in 2014 - 15 , down from 13.5 m the year before .
the 30-year - old midfielder moved to mcdiarmid park for a second spell in february 2016 after a frustrating five months with hearts .
that scenario once seemed beyond the reach of clubs that were being weighed down by the heedless spending of the past and drastic changes in the financial landscape of the game .
the visitors went close after 15 minutes when reuben reid forced matt macey into a save at his near post .
the apparent breakthrough came amid fresh us air strikes on islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- positions .
there were two explosions in zaventem airport on the morning of march 22 , followed by another at maalbeek metro station .
in total , 99 were seized by police under the dangerous dogs act , down 60 from 159 in 2015 .
sinn fÃ © in , the uup , alliance and the sdlp will hold separate meetings with theresa may in the afternoon .
the tourists face three one - day internationals and three twenty20 matches after a 4 - 0 test series defeat .
at the end of wednesday 's trading , the ftse 100 was down 0.62 % or 46.33 points at 7,478.62 .
abidjan - born zaha grew up in england and won two caps for the three lions , but because they were in friendly games he is allowed to switch allegiance .
the limb was found in a garden in cranwells park on wednesday and has been sent for forensic analysis , avon and somerset police said .
the stone is thought to have been in soulbury , buckinghamshire for 11,000 years .
inspired by fond memories of his childhood caravanning holidays in southwold , suffolk , photographer gareth iwan jones turned his attention to this subject , the very british world of caravanning .
they failed to score a point in the second half as rob elloway , matt evans and joe atkinson were yellow - carded .
derek mackay told the bbc that ` ` as it stands '' the work should be finished in early january .
the fire brigades union -lrb- fbu -rrb- accused ministers of offering an ` ` unworkable '' guarantee to protect firefighters aged over 55 who fail fitness tests ` ` through no fault of their own '' .
the services will take place at 11:00 gmt on 7 january .
the search for extraterrestrial intelligence -lrb- seti -rrb- institute , had to shut the $ 30 m -lrb- # 18.3 m -rrb- allen telescope array in april .
its stature is built on its geographical size -lrb- twice that of france and germany combined -rrb- , its prestige as the custodian of the birthplace of islam and its colossus status as an oil producer - with a quarter of the world 's proven reserves under its deserts .
dozens of others were injured in the explosion early on sunday .
the facility , based on the town 's crichton estate , is due to open in the next 12 months .
` ` we know solution for everything , but not terrorism .
andrew apperley , 38 , from eastbourne , was reported missing after failing to return to his hotel four days after going to a full moon party .
the ports occupy bottom spot and they are 11 points adrift of carrick rangers with four games left .
environment body natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- said staff were erecting temporary flood barriers and carrying out other prevention work .
councillors have discussed plans aimed at improving the city 's transport network and changing its image as what a report calls a ` ` motorway city '' .
they are the stars of a new south korean apocalyptic thriller terrorising audiences and breaking box office records at home and set to open in cinemas across asia this week .
7 january 2017 last updated at 17:08 gmt
the blue sticks are contesting their first ever world league semi - final , having defied their modest world ranking to reach the lee valley event .
jasim khadijah was a rocket expert who controlled attacks , col steve warren said .
but ms atwell has promised to donate the money from the global teacher prize to the school that she founded .
mr musk tweeted that the explosion of falcon 9 during a routine filling operation was the most complicated in the space travel firm 's history .
seamus mccollum , 56 , died at maine private nursing home in randalstown in september of last year .
the former superior general of missionaries of charity was suffering from various ailments .
the spelling error was spotted close to the high street in warsop , nottinghamshire on friday afternoon .
during a visit to birmingham on tuesday , jeremy corbyn is expected to say a 17 % increase in carer 's allowance would help around one million people in the first year of a labour government .
media playback is not supported on this device
the lifesaving equipment is believed to have been taken from outside of frenchay village hall , near bristol , in the early hours of friday .
the 26-year - old had explored options with williams and renault but said on sunday he was ` ` happy and proud '' to be with force india .
in a bid to promote password security , strathclyde university produced a poster saying : ` ` bet jennifer lawrence wishes she 'd used a str0ng_pas5w0rd % . ''
mr rouhani is expected to secure valuable trade deals following the lifting of international sanctions over iran 's nuclear programme .
bemba , 53 , was accused of failing to stop his rebels from killing and raping people in neighbouring central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- in 2002 and 2003 .
takayuki tanooka , 44 , and his wife briefly left yamato tanooka by the side of the road on the northern island of hokkaido on 28 may as punishment .
the us singer complained the virtual assistant was pronouncing her surname wrong .
campaigners and researchers looked at what impact a decade of smoke - free pubs , restaurants and other public places had on the adult population .
waving flags and banners , they escorted the body of ivana hoffmann , 19 , through the city of duisburg to the cemetery where she was buried .
andrew bedford , 27 , from huntingdon in cambridgeshire , was last seen in september 1990 .
researchers said measuring dna sections in cancer cells gave an ` ` accurate indicator '' of disease progression .
broadchurch star tennant plays the debauched lead character in don juan in soho .
in the longer term , the average cost to households could be up to # 6,400 , according to the centre for economic performance .
gm will also hire 1,000 new workers in ontario to focus on research for connected and driverless cars .
` ` i have to work with ikea - make furniture for interior design , for architecture , '' he told bbc radio 1 .
the 69-year - old 's yamaha collided with a nissan car between handley 's corner and barre garroo crossroads at about 17:00 bst on 4 june .
mullaney -lrb- 113 -rrb- plus riki wessels -lrb- 81 -rrb- and samit patel 's -lrb- 85 -rrb- century partnership saw notts beyond 300 , and chris read added an unbeaten 63 .
south wales police said the incident happened at about 17:50 bst on friday near to court road , barry , and involved a black renault clio
joseph pilates dedicated his life to refining the system of physical exercises he created whilst detained at the knockaloe camp near peel .
zte corp obtained and illegally shipped us - made equipment to iran in violation of us sanctions , the justice department said .
tens of thousands of pilgrims joined him for the way of the cross ceremony , recalling jesus ' crucifixion .
hertfordshire police said it was looking for aidan chaves in connection with ` ` an incident of affray '' in sawbridgeworth , hertfordshire .
steve freer and val wawrosz , who worked together in hm prison leeds , have founded a charity called tempus novo to find jobs for prisoners who have served their sentences .
the study , by the institute of education , london university , examined the reading habits of 6,000 children .
energy stocks also bounced back as the price of oil stabilised after falling sharply earlier in the day .
he made the claim at a rally .
john ridsdel , 68 , was taken from a tourist resort along with three others by the abu sayyaf group in september last year .
mr bich , who is of vietnamese origin , shot to fame last week over his complaint that his account had been shut down because facebook considered his name fake or misleading .
his scottish trip came after snp leader nicola sturgeon said scottish voters would never forgive labour if it allowed the conservatives back .
two separate reports have suggested it could be an ideal site for a new small module reactor -lrb- smr -rrb- .
the poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children .
the 27-year - old judo athlete from inverness was placed in an induced coma after suffering head injuries in the motorbike taxi accident on 10 may .
polish national daria pionko , 21 , was found in springwell road , holbeck , at about 01:30 gmt on wednesday .
dinesh and tarakeshwari rathod said last year that they had successfully reached the 8,850 m -lrb- 29,035 ft -rrb- summit .
edf boss jean - bernard levy joined officials from the uk , france and china at the behind - closed - doors ceremony in london on thursday .
but few players admit to trying even harder in the very biggest games .
bbc news analysis of voting patterns in 2,500 council wards since 2012 shows wide disparities .
ben hall , 25 , from port erin was found hanged in his bathroom on a ward at grianagh court in braddan in june 2012 .
eight people started fighting at the palace theatre in manchester on the opening night of the irish dance show .
the 51-year - old admitted making recordings of people sunbathing nude and swinger friends having sex in their back garden , with four other men cleared at sheffield crown court of misconduct in a public office .
the 30 new military advisers will raise australia 's total deployment to 300 , defence minister marise payne said .
media playback is not supported on this device
stabbing victim john culshaw 's remains were retained by greater manchester police without his family 's knowledge .
gerald lavey , 30 , said his children clung to him during the attack by up to six men at his home at ballymagowan avenue , creggan , on monday .
blair turgott got on the end of a good passing move to secure victory in the dying minutes at grange lane .
it is the first professional contract for the former bristol rovers trainee .
9 march 2017 last updated at 17:03 gmt
scrum - half murray took a heavy blow to the head in a tackle but was allowed to return to the field after belatedly being sent for an assessment .
media playback is not supported on this device
the boar - which has a moving head - is one of a number of animated replica creatures at mountfitchet castle .
regional papers , which usually focus on local news , are devoting their front pages to a staunch defence of china 's claim over the disputed waters .
the beach where seifeddine rezgui stood on friday , pulled a kalashnikov from his parasol and unleashed tunisia 's worst ever terror attack , has already reopened .
the final stretch of the $ 3.8 bn -lrb- Â # 3bn -rrb- pipeline is being built under a north dakota reservoir .
the clarets are 14th - two points off ninth place - and close to securing top - flight survival after being promoted last season .
no 10 said : ` ` we do n't accept threats have been made . ''
the call handling and it system is more than Â # 40 m over budget and was initially due to be ready for october 2013 .
the researchers , commissioned by scots charities , examined 74 studies done across the world in the past decade .
eleanor hawkins , 23 , from derbyshire , was among a group of 10 people who stripped before taking photographs at the peak of mount kinabalu on 30 may .
as iraq lurches deeper into turmoil and disintegration , kurdish leaders in the already autonomous north are threatening to break away and declare outright independence .
moslemuddin sarkar , 52 , arrived back in dhaka on tuesday , a day after being freed from a pakistani jail with the help of the red cross .
lance corporal trimaan ` ` harry '' dhillon stalked alice ruggles before fatally attacking her last october .
albert newman drove for 30 miles in the wrong carriageways on the m42 , the a42 and the m1 before crashing into a van .
plans for the ysgol y berwyn site were originally approved in 2015 , and the campus was due to open in 2018 .
norma diffley , who ran a boutique in donaghadee , died in the accident on the a2 dual carriageway between bangor and holywood close to the devil 's elbow at carney hill on monday afternoon .
snowdonia giving asks businesses in the national park to press visitors for a small contribution to add to bills .
the mother conceived naturally and gave birth to a baby boy two weeks ago .
media playback is not supported on this device
labour mp mrs cox died when she was shot and stabbed in birstall , west yorkshire , on thursday .
the display in block 27 places the former camp in the broader context of nazi germany 's systematic attempt to wipe out europe 's jewish population .
both sustained leg injuries in the incident on thursday .
the prospect of losing a vital source of income would force mexico into a ` ` one - time payment '' of $ 5 - 10bn -lrb- Â # 3.5 - 7bn -rrb- , says mr trump .
the better perth group has blamed online shopping and ` ` inertia '' for dwindling profits .
the party secured about 19 % of the vote , unofficial tallies show .
webb had been linked with the role in 2015 , with blatter suggesting at a conference in the caribbean on monday that he could be replaced by webb ` ` in the near future '' .
beate zschaepe , 38 , is accused of being part of the national socialist underground -lrb- nsu -rrb- , which killed 10 people , most of them of turkish origin .
mandla hlatshwayo and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men who had robbed women of their mobile phones in a pub in soweto .
yanic wildschut put the latics in front but the u 's levelled shortly after through alex gilbey 's 25-yard strike .
the platform was set in the first half as wasps dominated field position and they went in 14 - 3 up thanks to tries from christian wade and beale .
lee gregory could have put the lions ahead , but shot over from close range .
jamie toland told police he woke up to find the animal gnawing at the tag around his ankle at his home in slemish way , lisburn , county antrim .
media playback is not supported on this device
labour 's new leader said he wanted the weekly sessions to be less ` ` theatrical '' and mr cameron agreed there should be more focus on ` ` substantial issues '' .
born in bradford , appleyard did not make his first - class debut until he was 27 , but took 200 wickets in his first season in 1951 .
the queensferry crossing was scheduled to be completed by december this year but that deadline will not be met .
christie would like to see a minimum of five home - grown players in every match squad and feels too many managers are afraid to play youngsters .
i remember to this day the feeling of freezing rain blinding me and the extreme cold wind causing my ears to hurt .
the analysis of applications also shows big differences within the uk , with northern ireland youngsters the most likely to aspire to university .
stefano brizzi , 50 , told the old bailey that pc gordon semple visited his flat on 1 april for ` ` the purpose of having fun '' .
the song topped the uk singles charts in february 1969 and remained number one for four weeks .
under a law aimed at reducing prison overcrowding , senior citizens -lrb- mr berlusconi is 77 -rrb- convicted of certain crimes can choose between house arrest and performing some socially useful task .
leah washington , 18 , and joe pugh , 19 , both from barnsley , were among four people badly injured on the smiler ride on 2 june when two carriages crashed .
the home side only made 162 despite a last - wicket stand of 67 between tim bresnan -lrb- 47 -rrb- and ryan sidebottom .
the victim , aged 62 , had been stabbed in his chest and neck and had a bite mark on his face , the police told the bbc .
argentine journalists have become accustomed , after eight years under cristina fernandez de kirchner 's presidency , to getting little or no access to the person at the top .
nhs prescriptions have risen steadily in recent years , despite awareness of the risks .
leave means leave , which is backed by senior tory backbenchers , says the measure would help get net migration below 50,000 .
figures for england , wales and northern ireland showed more than a quarter of cases were not picked up within the required 24 hours after birth .
twenty hostages and two police officers died during a 12-hour siege when islamic militants stormed a cafe in the capital city dhaka on friday .
jo deering died in 2011 , aged 52 , just months after being sectioned under the mental health act .
australian matthews , 25 , of orica - bikeexchange won a sprint finish ahead of peter sagan and edvald boasson hagen to claim his first tour victory .
the giant orb , covered in detailed nasa imagery of the lunar surface , was created by bristol - based luke jerram .
the material develops mineral phases that readily trap radioactive isotopes trying to pass through it .
mara salvatrucha and mara 18 street said they would commit to zero crime and zero violence on the streets .
he led the parade of soldiers along llandudno promenade to re - affirm the freedom of the county of conwy .
three men targeted the driver as he made a delivery in willow grove , livingston at 22:30 on thursday .
ambulance trusts paid private companies and voluntary organisations # 68.7 m to attend emergency calls in 2015 - 6 , compared to # 22.1 m in 2011 - 2 .
the fund was set up by mr najib in 2009 with the stated aim of boosting the malaysian economy .
the blackout lasted just over an hour and started just before midnight on 17 december .
` ` is it hillary clinton ? ''
tiote , 30 , died after collapsing during training for chinese second - tier side beijing enterprises on 5 june .
the area 's mp brendan o'hara is hosting a reception detailing plans for the former nato base at machrihanish to be the centre of space tourism in the uk .
the 33 - 1 shot , ridden by david mullins and trained by mouse morris , triumphed at aintree in april to become the first novice to win the race since 1958 .
philip hammond says the extra money - to be phased in over three years - will help support a system that is ` ` clearly under pressure '' .
owen and karl oyston sued fan david ragozzino for Â # 150,000 over a post on website another view from the tower .
yet in this election , it is way down the list of priorities for most political parties .
media playback is not supported on this device
media playback is not supported on this device
council officials will meet on tuesday to start the process of identifying where the maes will be .
public health wales -lrb- phw -rrb- research also showed one in five of those who breastfeed do so for less than a month .
scotland office minister lord dunlop was speaking as the house of lords debated the scotland bill .
reactions range from the ` ` bbc has killed top gear '' , to praise for a ` ` brave bbc '' .
the us and uk have announced new carry - on restrictions banning laptops on certain passenger flights .
helmut oberlander says he was forced to act as a translator for the squad and did not participate in atrocities .
a smart doorbell , a connected camera , a child 's toy and a locator to help monitor children were all found to be vulnerable to straightforward attacks .
the reforms , ranging from the setting up of small businesses to reducing bureaucracy , had already been agreed by the ruling communist party .
earlier in the morning we saw a number of airstrikes in the old city .
dyfed - powys police said training would begin on wednesday ahead of them being deployed on the streets .
he accused lord patten , chairman of the trust which oversees the bbc , of making ` ` unfair and untrue '' claims not to have known about mark byford 's payment .
birmingham academies park view and nansen primary - rated inadequate by ofsted - will have their funding agreements terminated .
prime minister matteo renzi has pledged â ‚ ¬ 50 m -lrb- Â # 42 m -rrb- in funds for rebuilding .
isobel parker , 23 , who was known as becky , died at a property in booth place , burnham - on - crouch , on 17 july .
however his role as used - car salesman arthur daley , in the long - running tv series minder , is the one for which he will be best remembered .
former party leader nick clegg called her comments ` ` utter cheek '' .
the alleged spying by the national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- ` ` must be explained and more importantly new trust must be built up for the future '' , she told german mps .
six incidents have been reported to police between 3 and 13 february .
orla galton , from blackmill , bridgend county , was diagnosed with leukaemia at three and blood transfusions helped save her life .
the incident happened on enquests 's thistle platform , off shetland , last december .
at least 21 people were killed by the storm , the red cross said , with the eastern island of samar worst hit , but it caused far less damage than feared .
the electoral reform society attacked both sides of the referendum campaign , saying people felt ` ` ill - informed '' by the ` ` dire '' debate .
he also cancelled an investigation into claims of abuse of power revealed by covert recordings , saying he wanted to ` ` put an end to the agony '' ahead of early elections in june .
the bbc 's james landale says he is going voluntarily at the age of 52 , while he still has time to pursue a second career in business .
david skeen , 51 , was last seen going for a run in talgarth , near brecon , at 09:00 gmt on tuesday .
cynthia cheroitich , 19 , said she drank body lotion because she was hungry and thirsty .
gayle was responding to a question from ten sport 's melanie mclaughlin about his aggressive batting style after scoring 41 runs in 15 deliveries .
jean - claude juncker said the uk imposed no migration controls on eight central european and baltic nations joining the eu in 2004 and the new proposals would ` ` address the consequences '' of that .
two jesse sene - lefao tries got the tigers on the way after leigh had one of three scores ruled out by the video referee , before eden cut loose .
the 19-year - old sunderland ladies striker has scored 66 goals is 68 appearances in two - and - a - half seasons , including 13 in 17 in this season 's fa women 's super league 2 .
on wednesday , shares of chinese solar power manufacturer hanergy thin film were suspended after falling 47 % , wiping out $ 18.6 bn -lrb- Â # 11.9 bn -rrb- from its market capitalisation .
martin shkreli 's drug company turing pharmaceuticals bought the rights to 62-year old drug daraprim and increased the price per pill from $ 13.50 to $ 750 .
a lady was knocked over during the theft in market street , limavady , which happened at about 15:00 bst on friday .
us universities are still the most dominant international force in the times higher education rankings .
the 25-year old striker is at euro 2016 with belgium but has fallen out of favour at liverpool since boss jurgen klopp took over last october .
prince william 's last shift was thought to have been on tuesday .
revised figures showed that japan 's economy expanded by 1 % in the first three months from the previous three , up from an initial estimate of 0.6 % .
the claim : boris johnson says the european union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three .
japan 's benchmark nikkei index spent most of the day in negative territory to close down 0.19 % at 18,264.22 .
dorothy cruickshank was one of six people taken to hospital after the two - car collision on the a90 at the toll of birness junction on 5 april .
in front of a home crowd in birmingham , 27-year - old yafai won 118 - 108 , 119 - 107 and 119 - 107 on the judges ' scorecards .
adrian evans , 44 , from tipton , died along with his father , patrick evans , 78 , and nephew joel richards , 19 , from wednesbury .
lancaster left the role on wednesday after england 's world cup failure .
the adult comedy , starring mila kunis and kristen bell , took # 1.47 m in its first week , falling just behind the animated pixar film .
bedene , 26 , battled past spain 's carreno busta , ranked 23 places higher at 43rd in the world , in five sets , winning 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 4 -rrb- 6 - 3 4 - 6 5 - 7 6 - 2 .
sat on the floor leaning against each wall , they do n't say much .
in a scrubbing up column for the bbc news , nigel edwards , chief executive of the nuffield trust , says the hundreds of millions of pounds it will cost could be better spent elsewhere .
7 february 2017 last updated at 07:41 gmt
paul mcmullen got them underway when he finished a billy king cross , and shortly after it was 2 - 0 when king scored with a long - range shot .
england will play their first day - night test when they host west indies at edgbaston in august .
agriculture minister barnaby joyce said australia had agreed to health protocols that would be finalised by his chinese counterpart .
adriano guedes , 63 , who was paralysed by a stroke in 2008 , was admitted to the james paget hospital in gorleston , norfolk , in 2014 .
the ` greatest female tennis player of the open era ' won her 23rd grand slam without dropping a set .
devon and cornwall police were called to the statue of general buller in exeter at 23:40 bst on saturday .
media playback is not supported on this device
ivan cameron , who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy , died in hospital aged six in february 2009 .
the first earthquake near dingxi city had a magnitude of 5.98 and was shallow , with a depth of just 9.8 km -lrb- 6 miles -rrb- , the us geological survey said .
more than 130 owners have reported overheating problems behind the glove - box area , some of which have resulted in fires .
winger matt phillips is still nursing a hamstring problem and remains out for the fourth game in a row .
just over 1,000 soldiers from two signals regiments and their families will be moving to beacon barracks .
eight year - old phoebe hanson wrote to bbc radio 4 's pm saying she worried how the ` ` bongs '' would be replaced while big ben is being repaired next year .
malaysia 's attorney general cleared mr najib of allegations of corruption on tuesday after ruling that the money was a donation from the saudi royal family .
thousands of people were at the ceremony at bae systems ' devonshire dock hall in barrow to mark the end of the build process for artful .
the inquiry was told harry clarke , 58 , had been unconscious at the wheel of a bus in 2010 and during the bin lorry crash in december last year .
the 27-year - old has agreed a three - year contract with sarries and will move to allianz park this summer .
lower down this article
supported by 89 from steven mullaney , root hit two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first list a century , as notts recovered from 92 - 4 to reach 303 - 6 .
sullay kaikai opened the scoring for shrewsbury with a low strike before cody mcdonald levelled from 20 yards .
vonn finished 0.70 seconds clear of switzerland 's lara gut , with austrian cornelia huetter a further 0.55 seconds back in altenmarkt zauchensee .
the incident happened at unst harbour about 06:50 .
part of a school roof was ripped off at rhosgadfan near caernarfon , gwynedd , while hundreds of homes across wales experienced power cuts .
the 21-year - old member of parliament is named alongside miley cyrus , taylor swift and noel gallagher for the publication 's people of the year list .
the first minister is one of six uk representatives in forbes magazine 's annual list of the world 's most powerful and influential women .
police said the man was detained as part of an ongoing investigation into the conflict in syria .
mark mckenna , 38 , from northfleet , in kent , pleaded guilty to arranging the commission of a child sex offence at maidstone crown court last month .
somebody had placed a garland of fresh flowers on the rusting wreckage of a tank .
5 february 2016 last updated at 15:27 gmt
akinfenwa chested down in the box and saw his deflected shot fly past bobby olejnik to continue wycombe 's impressive home form - they have lost just one of six league games at adams park this term .
the players , who each represent one of the four welsh regions , have 160 wales caps between them .
media playback is not supported on this device
the 2008 champion from portrush warmed up for next week 's open at royal troon by finishing on nine under and five behind winner alex noren of sweden .
waiting times are ` ` unacceptably high '' and must be top priority , the royal college of surgeons -lrb- rcs -rrb- said in a ` ` manifesto '' ahead of may 's assembly election .
and in 2015 and 2016 , her todai robot outperformed 80 % of high - school pupils and was in the top 1 % for maths .
6 november 2015 last updated at 12:30 gmt
the bluefin-21 submersible robot had finished its search of the area and found nothing , they said .
the former tottenham player , 29 , is the spanish club 's first signing since neymar left to join paris st - germain in a world record transfer .
under the proposed legislation , first - time offenders who do not cause serious injury will face a maximum of 15 days police custody instead of up to two years in jail .
pro - kremlin party a just russia put forward both bills , and linked them directly to the situation in ukraine .
gerry , who died last year after a long battle with illness , was a household name who won acclaim for his unique style of radio broadcasting .
glasgow - based gregor smith was taken up and down scotland 's west coast in a friend 's boat to create paintings and etchings of lismore and mull .
doors to the event at glasgow green will open at 14:00 .
north wales police and crime commissioner arfon jones said a so - called ` ` fix room '' could reduce drug deaths and the spread of infection .
a toxic mix of higher inflation , stagnant wage growth and falling consumer confidence means that 2017 and 2018 could see that economy in dark and chilly waters , and not working for many people .
the former england midfielder , 37 , retired at the end of last season and has been coaching at old trafford .
on tuesday , a bbc spotlight programme revealed that eight children had gone missing in northern ireland .
shana grice , 19 , was found with her throat cut in her bedroom at her brighton home in august 2016 .
arriva trains wales faced criticism over ` ` unacceptable '' queues at central station during the rugby world cup .
fire crews were called to a property on robertson road just before 07:30 .
nihar janga , from austin , texas , was named co - champion with jairam hathwar , 13 .
the point stars caerphilly - born tv presenter and actor matt johnson , who plays the younger brother of a man who is convinced he does not want to live anymore .
the sanctions freeze the us assets of those affected , and stop us entities from doing business with them .
five give up the booze , five go gluten free , five go on a strategy away day and five go parenting will catch up with the sleuthing children as adults .
the caves have been digitally reproduced as part of the city 's first festival of caves .
mr dewani , 34 , left gatwick airport through a side entrance that was guarded by police before being driven away shortly before 07:00 gmt .
since the initial fall - out there has been a legal challenge and a general election .
rather amusingly , it 's because the word ` ` patience '' was removed from the statement .
it extends bbc sport 's current deal , which runs until 2013 , as exclusive broadcaster of the six nations and covers tv , radio and online .
a further 70 people are reported to have been injured in the blaze at an industrial complex in tongi , north of the capital dhaka .
susan o'brien qc has said those giving evidence must have experienced abuse no later than 17 december 2014 .
at the end of his speech launching the party 's manifesto , mike nesbitt said : ` ` domination does n't work , partnership does . ''
who were the victims ?
james moore , from tullymore road in the waterside , was due in court on friday for driving without insurance , tax , l - plates and without a qualified driver .
the victim alleged that former senator wilfred krichefski carried out the attack with another man .
andre cassagnes died in paris on 16 january , the ohio art company , the us - based firm that made the toy , said .
on tuesday , the firm said that it would close the ballymena factory by 2018 , with the loss of 860 jobs .
the gunman fled after opening fire on annonciate haberisoni as she was waiting for her hair to be done , witnesses said .
the group claim they are owed $ 40,000 -lrb- Â # 23,500 -rrb- by the illinois - based outfit worldwide fan clubs .
the win would normally be an indicator of oscar success as the directors guild recipient nearly always goes on to claim the same prize at hollywood 's biggest night .
and the 58-year - old says gordon strachan has asked him to carry on in his national role should the scotland boss decide to remain in charge .
michael stead , 34 , suffered serious head injuries during the attack in brady street in the pallion area of the city on 21 march .
the 22-year - old , who has signed a one - year contract , joins defender craig barr and striker mark stewart at the scottish championship club .
published in the times , the letter says fans are being ` ` ripped - off by touts who anonymously exploit fair ticket prices via online ticket marketplaces '' .
ronaldsway airport has been closed due to a plane not being able to taxi off the runway following its unsuccessful attempt to fly to belfast .
the collision happened at about 12:35 gmt at tamnamore , between junctions 13 and 14 .
the london - based telecoms provider said that it alerted police after carrying out a data security review .
as no single party or bloc commands a majority of the 325 seats in parliament , the contenders have had to forge new partnerships and deals in their efforts to share out the positions of power .
the city in western germany is putting 2,500 police officers on the streets for the week - long event .
carlsen sealed victory following three weeks of play and a series of tiebreakers in new york .
` ` the decision has dealt the final blow to democracy in the country , '' said the organisation of american states .
the electoral commission said 38 mps had highlighted people , including students , claiming to have voted twice , which is a criminal offence .
the planned deal was worth # 10.3 bn , and would have left the uk with just three major mobile phone network operators .
fabian picardo , the territory 's chief minister , told the bbc he was speaking to scotland 's first minister , nicola sturgeon , about various options .
the opposition socialists struck a deal with two smaller far - left parties over the weekend , all but guaranteeing prime minister pedro passos coelho will fall .
fifteen - year - old sarvesh verma , son of illiterate parents , scored 96.83 % in the test and has been widely praised in india for his hard work .
he has named several players with problems in his preliminary 24-man squad , including charles kaboré , préjuce nakoulma , jonathan pitroipa and bertrand traoré .
through the long , hot summer of 1976 hunt 's attempt to claw back a huge points deficit to reigning champion lauda was big news in britain .
the city council said developing the bannerdale site , off carter knowle road , posed no risk to health .
stable - mates lewis and harris are named after neighbouring islands in the western isles .
it is an injection - but not as you know it .
the rams ended an eight - game winless championship streak with a 3 - 1 comeback victory at brentford on saturday .
made from glass - reinforced plastic , 60 life - sized ewes have formed an art trail in unexpected places between keswick and windermere .
like a sort of officially sanctioned graffiti , the initials of the housing department of rio de janeiro were sprayed on homes marked for demolition .
her admirers say she played a key role in the economic development of the southern state of tamil nadu - but critics say she encouraged a personality cult and fostered corruption in the state .
the dairies operation , which processes and distributes milk , is being sold to germany 's mueller for Â # 80 m .
alan knight , 51 , admitted murdering david bond , 50 , in worthing and was sentenced at hove crown court to serve at least 19 years .
the a835 ullapool was closed for several hours because of a landslide at garve .
an advance party of about 10 soldiers from force troop command , 1 div and field army training will support african union peacekeeping efforts against the al - shabab group .
it emerged that the wife of former ulster unionist mla neil somerville has a wood pellet boiler under the scheme in a family business .
media playback is not supported on this device
dominic grieve said the right to report proceedings in the commons and lords without fear of legal recourse did not ` ` necessarily extend '' to all media .
the ftse has fallen 5.2 % , or 363 points , since monday .
when former us pro - basketball star and all - round character dennis rodman met with north korea 's sports minister this week he took along gifts for the country 's authoritarian leader , kim jong - un .
media playback is not supported on this device
it is certainly the most quotable , and without question the most revelatory : inside a previously hidden world , showing sport as raw and brutal and beautiful and comic , aped many times but never quite matched .
the husband - and - wife team beat christopher coles and sophie brown 21 - 11 21 - 11 in the final in derby .
a judge had made the request because efforts to get them through ` ` political channels '' had failed , the lawyer said .
the $ 43bn -lrb- # 33bn -rrb- deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover by a chinese company .
the portal , for the match against poland , will be open to supporters on a priority list who were were informed they had missed out on tuesday .
dr sarandev bhambra was singled out by zack davies who was heard saying ` ` white power '' during the machete attack at the store in mold , flintshire , in january .
violet - grace youens died after aidan mcateer 's car struck her on prescot road , st helens , on 24 march .
walker was a passenger in a porsche a friend was driving when it hit a pole and burst into flames in november 2013 .
the 35-year - old skippered the bears to one - day cup victory in september 2016 , but less than 12 months on the county are bottom of the division one championship table .
malala yousafzai will unveil a commemorative plaque during a ceremony in centenary square on tuesday .
wing fu cheung , known as nelson cheung , was stabbed 18 times during a robbery in january 2015 .
messages posted on social media claimed the user planned to ` ` kill as many people as possible '' at montgomery high school in bispham on monday , the blackpool gazette reported .
media playback is unsupported on your device
chris erskine crossed low for kris doolan to tap home and give the jags an early lead .
the main feature was a drop in bank shares .
the birds , which are native to southern europe , set up nests by burrowing tunnels in the banks of low gelt quarry , near brampton .
