american billionaire michael eisner will address fans on thursday with details of his # 5.67 m offer for 100 % of the promoted league two club .
judge dw deshpande said the actor would have to be present in the court for the judgement .
the service is available to three customers travelling to the republic of ireland , australia , italy , austria , hong kong , sweden and denmark .
media playback is not supported on this device
croker starts at hooker for the hosts at twickenham , with amy cokayne dropping to the bench .
the incident happened on tuesday night , when the attacker charged at rajnish thakur in his shop in mumbai 's chembur neighbourhood .
lego refused a bulk order for bricks that were to be used in a new artwork about political dissidents as part of an exhibition in melbourne , australia .
several fire appliances were called to the scene at carnsalloch house to tackle the blaze .
starr , a former independent counsel , was the author of what 's probably the most expensive piece of pornography ever published , the starr report which chronicled , in graphic sexual detail , bill clinton 's affair with a 21-year - old white house intern , monica lewinsky .
the twin - engined cn235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of codazzi , in cesar province , having reported engine difficulties .
alasdair mccrone , of mull theatre , and gordon mclean , of the arts centre an tobar , were among three directors of the umbrella body comar .
inspired by the lily pond in monet 's garden at giverny in france , the painting was the top lot at sotheby 's sale of modern and impressionist works .
five justices in the supreme court dismissed the challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at batang kali in 1948 by a four to one majority .
the company said it was looking at the possibility of adding services between sandown and southsea .
sgt louise lucas , 41 , was airlifted to hospital but later died .
derby city council wanted to shut moorways pool from april in a bid to save about Â # 350,000 a year .
he made the pledge in a ramadan message to muslims , who have been worst affected by the ban .
negotiators for the two sides at peace talks in cuba said they would ask the un to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire .
washing his own training kit and playing on sloping pitches is a world away from the life to which he had become accustomed during his career , much of which was spent in england 's top two divisions .
in the three months to june 2014 , there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption , compared with 1,830 in the three months to september 2013 .
police were called to the property in thornhill road at about 11:00 on saturday following the discovery of the body .
the traditional turkey meals are for patients , but tens of thousands of staff working on the big day will tuck in to their dinner in a hospital canteen .
those were the days , by the way , when phones were for making calls but all that was about to change .
mr obama asked congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices .
such values are ill - defined and vulnerable to misinterpretation , argued southend head teacher , robin bevan .
the victim was discovered with head and facial injuries in a bedroom of the flat in ross house , mount vernon , on monday morning .
` ` i ca n't read anymore , '' she told the hollywood reporter .
it will house the town 's library , a cafe , community space , and anglesey 's local history collection .
with a fifth successive title win all but wrapped up , the pfa scotland player of the year says thoughts are now turning to defending the crown next season .
french president francois hollande expressed ` ` deep sadness '' at the death of huguette dupeu in a statement .
ten passengers on board the bus were reported to have been killed while all four crew members survived .
the trustees of wykeham house school in fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt .
rolo , a chocolate labrador , was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an rnli lifeboat were called in , near brixham .
tigers are fifth after a season of struggle which has seen them sack director of rugby richard cockerill .
apart from good chefs , many restaurateurs will tell you that an excellent menu boasting many scrumptious dishes is a must .
since april , convicted criminals in england and wales have had to pay a charge of between # 150 and # 1,200 towards the cost of their case .
walker , who has 27 caps and spent eight seasons at spurs has signed a five - year deal with city .
mutations of the nr5a1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men , reports the american journal of human genetics .
it 's part of the show 's 30th anniversary week , so two good reasons for a party .
the 32-year - old right - back has been with arsenal since the age of eight and has won nine league titles during her time at the club .
daly spent two seasons at ibrox after leaving tannadice , where he has been training since pre - season .
the listed properties on london road were last used by the witan international college 10 years ago .
the poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children .
the patrols at camber sands in east sussex will be funded with Â # 51,000 allocated by rother district council as part of its annual budget .
it is likely to include a scrappage scheme for older diesel cars in areas with high levels of dirty air .
it was due to be held at queen 's university in belfast in june .
walter palmer from the state of minnesota is believed to have paid about ? ?
the petition calls on the eu and its member states to stop the talks on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership or ttip .
but after losing their opening home fixture , 40 overs of play were possible before the weather closed in .
the charity said tests confirmed all of the cats near victor avenue , in melton mowbray , leicestershire , had ingested the toxic substance .
according to radio - canada , officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show cavalia were staying on 14 july .
carwyn jones told the guardian newspaper that people 's ` ` sense of disengagement with brussels '' could attach itself to london after brexit .
ospreys players olly cracknell , de kock steenkamp , dan baker , dafydd howells and sam parry joined collectors in baglan moors on tuesday .
media playback is not supported on this device
police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour .
the sculpture , depicting a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape , was crowned winner of the cornwall beach games sandcastle competition .
it is being performed at curve theatre in leicester , the city where townsend lived and where the book is set .
the boy , named locally as reggie , was attacked at a house in falkland road at about 04:15 bst .
forensic expert susan williamson was giving evidence at the trial of william burns and alexander porter , who deny attacking russell findlay .
and it 's tucked away for a very good reason .
northampton 's north has a hamstring injury while leinster 's henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle .
theresa may said eu leaders ' remarks showed it was ` ` absolutely right '' for the uk not to have acted unilaterally .
a san francisco judge has placed january 's executive order in limbo , but the white house is vowing to appeal .
supported by 89 from steven mullaney , root hit two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first list a century , as notts recovered from 92 - 4 to reach 303 - 6 .
donald skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the taj madina mosque in victoria road last december .
more than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown which was triggered after the two houses of congress did not agree on a new budget .
former dons midfielder sheerin , 39 , has been player - manager at the red lichties since 2010 and replaces neil cooper at pittodrie .
the victims all worked at the plant 100 km -lrb- 62 miles -rrb- east of porto .
russia has sent a super - tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires .
the first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the royal prerogative to create the role for former bbc journalist david gordon .
thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the great pyramid .
their remains were found in a single grave in coghalstown , county meath , in the republic of ireland in june .
a recent programme in algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a renowned communist novelist into believing he had been arrested for ` ` atheism and espionage '' .
gary price was suspended from all council duties for five months in november after powys council 's standards committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct .
a social media campaign had proposed giving halti mountain summit to finland for its 100th birthday next year .
the move comes after mexico drew their opening confederations cup game 2 - 2 with portugal in russia .
gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal before slimani doubled the lead shortly after .
wales have not beaten the all blacks in 26 matches since 1953 and the world champions are undefeated at eden park since 1994 .
the choir was established by henry viii in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults .
ray houghton 's tumbling goal celebration at the 1994 world cup and salvatore schillaci 's whoops of delight after scoring in the same fixture four years earlier are snapshots of the fervour on display .
media playback is not supported on this device
mike hearn , a zurich - based developer and long - time proponent of bitcoin , surprised many this weekend when he published a blog calling bitcoin a ` ` failed '' project .
the 22-year - old played for yeovil in the 2012 - 13 season and briefly last term , but has been studying at rider university for the past four years .
` ` we save people here every day , '' said the 46-year - old policeman - managing to sound both proud and chiding and the same time .
it is the third time vitalmiro bastos moura has been tried for dorothy stang 's 2005 death after previous convictions were overturned .
joe root , alex hales , moeen ali and mark wood also return for the tie with pakistan at old trafford on 7 september after missing sri lanka in july .
olly martins said the force , which has to save Â # 7.5 m over the next two years , spends Â # 3 m a year on its buildings .
the 42-year - old man was discovered in wetland at the medmerry nature reserve , in earnley , on tuesday by coastguards .
the man , who has not yet been identified , was last seen alive at 20:45 bst on tuesday 9 june in st stephen 's subway .
met commissioner sir bernard hogan - howe has asked sir richard henriques to make recommendations about whether there are ways to improve procedures .
pae jun - ho , known in the us as kenneth bae , smuggled anti - government materials and plotted the state 's downfall , a supreme court spokesman told state news agency kcna .
newport 's win over accrington sees the exiles leapfrog pools , putting them two points in front with two games remaining .
the new plan is for training to be split across three different sites .
archibald was on swindon town 's managerial shortlist last season and has been linked with other vacancies .
iain duncan smith , in what he said was his first interview on europe in 10 years , has just told me that staying in the eu puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in paris , while the prime minister was on the tv sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union .
ece heper , 50 , was arrested on 30 december in the north - eastern town of kars , her lawyer sertac celikkaleli told the canadian press .
the new manchester city striker headed the elephants in front from a right - wing cross by max gradel .
the taiwanese firm , also known as foxconn technology , posted a net profit of nt$ 37bn -lrb- $ 1.2 bn ; Â # 814 m -rrb- in the october to december quarter .
what did the court say ?
firefighters spent several days at the site in duncan street following the blaze on 2 march , which reduced train services and caused travel delays .
it was unanimously passed by mps in december , but mr koroma refused to sign it after protests by religious leaders .
but there are about 500 deaths a year in the uk from cardiac arrest among the under-30s .
albert anthony smith mcdonald , 58 , was found with head injuries on cumbernauld road , riddrie , at 21:25 on monday .
media playback is not supported on this device
martin foran , 71 and from manchester , served a total of 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal .
he told the united nations general assembly that world leaders , notably germany and canada , have vowed to double the number from last year .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- are inviting new bidders for the tournament .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- suspended russia from the rio games starting on 7 september because of state - sponsored doping .
media playback is not supported on this device
the much - anticipated film sparked controversy last week after it emerged it would feature a ` ` gay moment '' .
media playback is not supported on this device
officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend .
the amateur international boxing association has said pro boxers will compete in rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month .
the 27-year - old pleaded not guilty at durham crown court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming .
the latest markit / cips services purchasing managers ' index -lrb- pmi -rrb- fell to 52.7 last month , down from january 's reading of 55.6 .
sally shalloe , 51 , of attenborough , nottinghamshire , died when her bicycle was hit by david staley 's motorbike in middleton boulevard in april last year .
a software ` ` issue '' meant polling cards and some postal votes were sent out to some ` ` non eligible '' voters .
it is hoped the theatre , founded in 1875 , will be used for theatrical performances , cinema screenings , comedy and live music .
about 10 hotels , pubs and club houses were also closed , officials said .
harvey , 21 , scored five goals in 50 league appearances for the pilgrims but rejected the offer a new contract .
joseph michael schreiber faces at least 30 years in prison if convicted on charges of arson with a hate crime enhancement , said authorities .
announcing the ` ` digital - only '' move , esi media said ` ` some redundancies among editorial employees '' would be made .
it is not binding on the government , which said it would be a mistake to give guarantees to eu nationals in the uk without similar concessions for uk nationals living elsewhere in the eu .
12 june 2017 last updated at 15:24 bst
the venomous green - and - yellow snake has been missing since wednesday , its owner told the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission .
fabian picardo , the territory 's chief minister , told the bbc he was speaking to scotland 's first minister , nicola sturgeon , about various options .
lisa passey , 28 , and her former partner wayne dale , 45 , left kian and another two - year - old child alone while the pair entertained a friend .
he said mrs may must remember she is the pm of all parts of the uk .
the left - back was expected to miss saturday 's defeat by aberdeen while he sought the advice of a specialist to help with a hip complaint .
official numbers showed revenues down 32.2 % for the period to 16.4 bn macau patacas -lrb- $ 2.05 bn ; Â # 1.36 bn -rrb- .
we ' ve learned a lot about the end of the journey , the slave camps and mass graves in the jungles of thailand and malaysia .
it involves candidates hoping to become the world 's most prominent diplomat .
seal wardens on the national trust -lrb- nt -rrb- reserve at blakeney point have recorded 180 more grey seal pups compared to this time last year .
two gay couples denied licenses have requested rowan county clerk kim davis be held in contempt of court .
it is thought to be the second test of the north 's new musudan missile .
media playback is not supported on this device
the video for you 're in love with a psycho sees band members dancing around a mental institution with presenter noel fielding and taboo actor stephen graham .
the women , aged between 18 and 29 , have been recruited on social media .
ivan cameron , who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy , died in hospital aged six in february 2009 .
both missiles hit the water before reaching the uss mason , a guided - missile destroyer .
responsible travel , based in brighton , specialises in wildlife holidays and says keeping animals in zoos is inhumane .
in 2013 a working group , set up by the scottish government , recommended eligible couples should be offered up to three treatments .
south wales police said the incident happened at about 17:50 bst on friday near to court road , barry , and involved a black renault clio
media playback is not supported on this device
lawyers for environment secretary caroline spelman made the admission following action by clientearth .
wayan mirna solihin , 27 , met with two friends in a jakarta cafe on january 6 .
the charred pine twigs date back 140 million years to a time when fires raged across large tracts of land .
torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock in the victoria centre store at about 22:40 bst on tuesday .
more than 30 firefighters helped to tackle the blaze on great eastern street in shoreditch from 03:45 bst .
the money for bridgwater community hospital is part of the coalition 's # 330 m investment for new nhs facilities across england .
rory gallagher 's side have recovered from the disappointment of their heavy ulster semi - final defeat to tyrone with narrow wins over longford and meath .
catherine seeley was subjected to the abuse after she was co - opted as a sinn féin councillor in craigavon , county armagh .
staffordshire bull terrier ziggy was found in remote woodland near wansford in peterborough on wednesday morning .
a team from glasgow university found there was a sharp fall in accidents from 5,901 in 1997 to 2,914 in 2014 .
an investigation into pembrokeshire council 's dealings with michael smith said it was ` ` only luck '' that stopped his application .
lord forsyth of drumlean said the snp election result was a ` ` revolution '' and could not be overlooked .
the 25-year - old american born striker made 37 appearances and scored seven goals during his 12 months at tynecastle .
a selection of your pictures of scotland sent in between 3 january and 10 february .
media playback is not supported on this device
nearly 1.85 million requests for support were made last year , but just over 650,000 people received help .
burials were held for 33 of the 84 people whose bodies have been recovered .
the portal , for the match against poland , will be open to supporters on a priority list who were were informed they had missed out on tuesday .
timm van der gugten , michael hogan , graham wagg and craig meschede took on the bulk of the fast bowling duties across all three formats in 2016 .
the man , who was in his 60s , died at silverthorn avenue in the town and police were informed of his death just after 12:00 gmt on tuesday .
the former barcelona and ajax forward died of cancer , aged 68 , on thursday .
van gaal , 65 , has been out of work since being sacked by united hours after winning the fa cup in may 2016 .
homosexual acts are illegal in the east african nation and punishable by up to 30 years in jail .
police said that someone opened fire from a passing car and witnesses spoke of up to a dozen shots being fired close to the main police station .
the Â # 21.5 m castle mill development at port meadow , by the river thames , has been widely criticised as ugly and spoiling the view of oxford 's skyline .
each year the library chooses films for preservation which are ` ` culturally , historically or aesthetically significant '' .
the two brothers allegedly sold musadikur rohaman 's bmw car , his wife 's wedding dress and Â # 1,200 worth of family gold to raise funds for him in syria .
officers searched properties in the waterfront park and colonsay view areas of the city on wednesday .
the 10 men and three women , aged from 22 to 54 , are from lincolnshire and west yorkshire and are due to appear in court next month .
for volkswagen , the reaction to the revelations that it deliberately tried to game tests supposed to reduce pollution will be as vital in determining the long term damage to the company as the fact of the original offence .
media playback is not supported on this device
levein , the club 's director of football , described finishing fifth in the premiership , as ` ` frustrating and a tad disappointing '' .
broady and watson struggled to make an impact in their first final as a pair with the top seeds from chinese taipei winning in just over an hour .
` ` this is definitely not the oscars , '' said 22 jump street star jillian bell on the red carpet in los angeles .
sir bruce hosted strictly for a decade until he stepped down last year .
the judges said neurotribes : the legacy of autism and how to think smarter about people who think differently was a ` ` tour de force '' of journalistic and scientific research .
the 24-year - old from runcorn became britain 's first champion in the event 's 17-year history in 2016 .
the 18-year - old from birmingham was detained after arriving back in the uk on saturday morning .
graham andrew bought the 33,600-piece wildlife puzzle and recruited 200 jigsaw fans to complete it , to raise money for local charities .
after centuries as a powerful medieval kingdom , hungary was part of the ottoman and then habsburg empires from the 16th century onwards , emerging as an independent country again after world war i .
a letter sent by party activists in north wales claimed michelle brown has been ` ` abrasive and discourteous '' to them .
media playback is not supported on this device
as part of our fight against this , we have a very much underutilised tool - food .
jamal kiyemba , a ugandan , was arrested with the the help of us officials in the capital on tuesday , police added .
the republican nominee denied ever sexually assaulting women , but turned his fire on ex - president bill clinton in a bitter us presidential debate .
the baby was found at the bus stop near the magpie and stump pub in towyn , conwy county , at 07:15 bst on tuesday .
cleverly , 29 , will face braehmer for the wba regular light - heavyweight belt in germany on 1 october .
a psni officer posted on facebook on wednesday night that the petrol bombs had been found in colinview street and were designed to be thrown at officers .
the friends of sherwood forest say the Â # 5.3 m centre , located on the edge of a country park , will devastate the area .
the pirates of the caribbean star will play the title role in therese raquin , based on emile zola 's 1867 classic .
in an unexpected move , greece 's culture minister said the country would pursue a ` ` diplomatic and political '' approach to retrieving the sculptures instead .
giving evidence against ralph clarke the woman , now in her 50s , said she did not want ` ` to go to my grave knowing that i let him get away with it '' .
domingo has been in the role since may 2013 and his contract ends in august .
the 27-year - old utility back moved from the irish province to welford road in 2011 and scored 18 tries in 75 appearances for the tigers .
labour 's new leader said he wanted the weekly sessions to be less ` ` theatrical '' and mr cameron agreed there should be more focus on ` ` substantial issues '' .
the unrest began when drivers erected barricades in a protest against harassment and roadblocks by police demanding bribes .
