portsmouth fc and pompey supporters ' trust -lrb- pst -rrb- board member ashley brown has urged fans to make an informed choice over a proposed takeover .
a court in india will give its verdict on 6 may in a 2002 hit - and - run incident in which bollywood star salman khan is accused of running over five men sleeping on a pavement , killing one of them .
three has announced that it has abolished international roaming charges in seven countries .
it was just minutes before kick - off , and that 's when it happened .
england have brought in emma croker and have ireland made two changes for saturday 's women 's six nations game .
video footage has emerged of an indian man fighting a sword - wielding attacker to save the life of a shopkeeper .
artist ai weiwei has accused lego of ` ` censorship and discrimination '' after the company refused to allow him to use its bricks in a new exhibition .
a derelict historic house near dumfries has been damaged in a fire which broke out overnight on friday .
adding another unanticipated sidebar to this topsy - turvy election , kenneth starr has lavished praise on bill clinton , citing his ` ` genuine empathy for human beings '' , calling him ` ` the most gifted politician of the baby boomer generation '' and commending his post - presidential philanthropy , which he noted was carteresque in its benevolence .
a colombian air force plane has crashed in the north of the country , killing all 11 of those on board .
the actors ' union equity has hit out at the decision to remove two of mull 's best - known creative directors from their posts .
a 1906 claude monet water lilies painting , nympheas , has sold for # 31.7 m in london , the second highest price ever paid for the artist at an auction .
relatives of 24 rubber plantation workers killed by british troops almost 70 years ago in malaya have lost an appeal for an official investigation .
a new hovercraft route between the isle of wight and portsmouth could be introduced in the summer , operator hovertravel has said .
the family of an off - duty police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea say her death has left a hole that can never be filled .
a derby swimming pool threatened with closure is to remain open for another year , council bosses have confirmed .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has said that money transfer firms will be unbanned , once the central bank unveils new guidelines for their activities .
the colombian government and the left - wing farc rebel movement have both asked the un for a mission to oversee the end of their decades - long conflict .
when dj campbell stepped out onto the ewood park pitch for blackburn in october 2013 , the striker - then earning a reported # 25,000 a week - did not expect he would be playing for free at non - league side maidenhead united barely 12 months later .
the number of children put forward for adoption by local councils in england has fallen by almost half in under a year , the latest figures show .
the body of a 30-year - old man has been found at a flat in falkirk .
the nhs will serve more than 400,000 lunches on christmas day in the uk .
ten years ago i was running from san francisco 's moscone centre to a nearby hotel to edit a piece for the ten o'clock news when my phone rang .
us president barack obama has requested $ 263 m -lrb- Â # 167 m -rrb- to improve police training , pay for body cameras and restore trust in policing .
teachers should ignore rules on promoting ` ` fundamental british values '' , a teachers ' union conference has heard .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a 24-year - old man was found critically injured at a flat in north belfast earlier this week .
dame judi dench says she has no plans to retire from acting , despite failing eyesight which has left her unable to read scripts .
holyhead 's grade ii - listed market hall is to be restored after standing derelict for 10 years .
leigh griffiths says celtic are ` ` fired up '' for next season as they aim to win a sixth straight premiership title .
a frenchwoman injured in the attack on tunisia 's national museum has died of her wounds , bringing the total killed in the assault by islamists to 22 .
a cargo plane has crash landed in ghana 's capital accra , hitting a bus full of passengers , officials say .
an independent school in hampshire has confirmed it will close because of ` ` financial pressure '' .
a dog was rescued after falling ` ` up to 60 ft -lrb- 18 m -rrb- '' down a cliff in devon .
leicester tigers assistant coach geordan murphy says victory in sunday 's anglo - welsh cup final against exeter would be a big boost for their premiership play - off aspirations .
what do you need to run a successful restaurant ?
the criminal courts charge should be scrapped by ministers , a parliamentary committee has said , as it raised ` ` grave misgivings '' about the fee 's benefits .
manchester city have completed the signing of tottenham and england right - back kyle walker for an initial # 45 m .
a faulty gene could help explain some cases of unexplained male infertility , according to research .
viewers have been guessing who did it for the last year , but on thursday eastenders will finally reveal who killed lucy beale .
england defender alex scott has signed a new contract with arsenal ladies .
jon daly has not ruled out a return to dundee united , but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by rangers .
three early 19th century buildings in reading are to be converted into private homes , under plans published by the university of reading .
a poster urging parents not to use the police to scare their children has been seen more than 3.5 million times .
lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the south coast this summer after seven men drowned last year .
the uk government is set to publish a draft air pollution plan after a protracted legal battle with environmental campaigners .
a conference in belfast to discuss the fallout from the charlie hebdo murders has been cancelled .
a us dentist has killed a lion in zimbabwe , africa .
a campaign group website says over a million people in the european union have signed a petition against trade negotiations with the united states .
england captain alastair cook continued his fine start to the season with an unbeaten 53 on another rain - hit day at new road against worcestershire .
five cats have died from antifreeze poisoning on or near the same street in the space of two weeks , the rspca has said .
chinese authorities have arrested two canadians in the capital beijing for allegedly smoking marijuana .
welsh support for the uk could be in doubt if theresa may does not listen to concerns about devolution , the first minister has warned .
they are more familiar with recycling the ball than rubbish but five rugby players took a break from the pitch to collect refuse in neath port talbot .
chelsea boss jose mourinho said manchester united 's important players were ` ` in our pockets '' in a match that went ` ` exactly '' as they wanted .
a 23-year - old man has been arrested in connection with disorder at the recent celtic v rangers game in glasgow .
a police force has apologised after its officers made a sandcastle ` ` crime scene '' featuring a naked dead woman .
a musical version of the secret diary of adrian mole aged 13ยพ has opened as a tribute to the book 's author sue townsend .
a three - week - old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in sunderland .
dna matching two men accused of throwing acid at the face of a scottish sun journalist was found on items at the scene , a court has heard .
at the top of a long staircase in a room in a tower , far away from the throng of visitors and other scientists and laboratories is the natural history museum 's insectory .
wales wing george north and ireland centre robbie henshaw have been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
britons living around europe would have been left ` ` high and dry '' if the rights of eu citizens to stay in the uk had been guaranteed , the pm has said .
the white house has labelled ` ` bananas '' a ruling that blocks president donald trump 's order barring funding for cities that shelter illegal immigrants .
nottinghamshire 's billy root , younger brother of england test captain joe , hit an unbeaten 107 at edgbaston to help them beat warwickshire and record a second successive one - day cup win .
a man who rampaged through a dundee mosque while on licence for seriously assaulting his sister has been returned to prison .
hyundai motor will defer payments due from us federal employees affected by the partial government shutdown .
paul sheerin has left his post as arbroath manager to become under-20s coach at aberdeen .
six people died and another two were missing after an explosion on tuesday evening destroyed a fireworks factory near the portuguese town of lamego .
more international help has been arriving in chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history .
opposition politicians have expressed concern about the use of a special legal procedure to appoint a new stormont press secretary .
an international team of architects and scientists have observed ` ` thermal anomalies '' in the pyramids of giza , egyptian antiquities officials say .
confirmation that bodies found in a bog were disappeared victims kevin mckee and seamus wright is ` ` bittersweet news '' , the mckee family has said .
from shipwrecks to terror attacks to an air disaster involving paris hilton , it seems that almost nothing is off - limits for the prank shows that have become a staple of north african tv during the islamic fasting month of ramadan .
a decision to suspend a powys county councillor has been upheld .
norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence .
mexico 's football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- has asked a ` ` small group '' of its fans to stop a chant fifa says is homophobic .
goals from demarai gray , islam slimani -lrb- 2 -rrb- and ahmed musa took leicester past championship side sheffield united and into the efl cup third round .
wales captain sam warburton says his side must not be afraid to take risks against new zealand on saturday .
girls are being invited to audition to join gloucester cathedral 's choir for the first time in its 477 year history .
when the republic of ireland and italy clash at football , passion and pride are usually not far away .
wales claimed an historic 3 - 0 victory over euro 1984 runners - up spain in wrexham in 1985 .
a high - profile bitcoin developer has said the crypto - currency has failed and he will no longer take part in its development .
women 's super league one side yeovil town ladies have re - signed goalkeeper beth howard after she graduated from university in the united states .
abdullah mohammed hassan climbed down from his perch , and strolled purposefully into the sea to rescue yet another bather who appeared to be struggling against big waves and a rocky , barbed - wire - infested shoreline at lido beach , on the northern edge of the somali capital , mogadishu .
a brazilian court has convicted a rancher for ordering the murder of an american nun over a land dispute - a case that caused international outrage .
ben stokes has returned to the england twenty20 squad for the first time since being hit for four sixes in the final over of the world t20 , when west indies beat england .
some bedfordshire police stations could be relocated to supermarkets to help bridge a funding gap , its police and crime commissioner said .
a hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near chichester in west sussex .
police investigating the death of a homeless man in a norwich subway want to speak to two potential witnesses .
a former high court judge is to review the metropolitan police 's handling of cases involving claims of historical child abuse by public figures .
north korea has released details of the alleged crimes of a us man it sentenced to 15 years of hard labour .
hartlepool dropped into the league two relegation places as they slumped to a flat home defeat by barnet .
a planned state - of - the - art joint training college for northern ireland 's police , fire and prison services has been radically redrawn .
partick thistle captain abdul osman says the players are praying manager alan archibald stays at the club for another season .
forgive me if you are not a fan of political conspiracy , and on a day like today you do n't have to look very far for huge ideological disputes , even if they 're not quite yet punch - ups .
a canadian dual national has reportedly been detained in turkey for allegedly insulting the country 's president .
wilfried bony scored twice to take ivory coast into the semi - finals of the africa cup of nations .
hon hai precision industry , a major assembler of apple products , has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iphones and ipads .
time spent travelling to and from first and last jobs by workers who do not have a fixed office should be regarded as work , european judges have ruled .
a company which runs a paper recycling plant in salford where a major fire broke out has had its environmental permit revoked .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has again refused to sign a bill legalising abortion , saying it should be put to a referendum .
most people associate heart problems - and cardiac arrest in particular - with older people .
police investigating the murder of a man who was found seriously injured on a glasgow street have traced the driver of a car seen near where he was found .
the english football association has given its backing to michel platini 's bid to become the next boss of fifa .
a terminally - ill cancer patient who was jailed for two robberies he did not commit is fighting for compensation a year after he was exonerated .
us president barack obama has announced a pledge by 50 nations to take in 360,000 refugees from war - torn countries this year .
libya have withdrawn as hosts of the 2017 african nations cup finals as ongoing fighting in the country delays plans to build new stadiums for the 16-team tournament .
russian president vladimir putin says the country 's paralympics ban is ` ` outside the bounds of law , morality and humanity '' .
mark selby made the most of a tentative start by marco fu to build a 5 - 3 lead in the opening session of their world championship semi - final .
the release of disney 's beauty and the beast has been postponed in malaysia .
nico rosberg took his third straight win of 2016 as mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton fought back to seventh in a hectic chinese grand prix .
mexico 's air force has been flying tons of grain into oaxaca state in the south of the country to deal with dwindling food supplies caused by roadblocks set up by protesting teachers .
former world heavyweight champion mike tyson says the idea of professional boxers at the olympics is ` ` ridiculous '' - because they would lose to amateurs .
england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has appeared in court to deny charges of sexual activity with a 15-year - old girl .
the uk 's dominant services sector weakened in february , registering its slowest rate of growth for nearly three years , a survey has indicated .
a motorcyclist has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a former road safety worker who was killed in a crash on a busy nottingham road .
polling cards were wrongly sent to at least 3,462 eu citizens who are not allowed to vote in the eu referendum , the electoral commission has announced .
alexandra palace has started a # 1 m fundraising campaign to bring its victorian theatre back to life after lying unused for 80 years .
authorities in nigeria 's lagos state have shut 70 churches and 20 mosques in an attempt to reduce high noise levels .
wrexham have signed plymouth argyle forward tyler harvey on a one - year deal .
a 32-year - old man has been arrested over last sunday 's fire attack on a florida mosque , which was attended by the orlando nightclub gunman .
the independent and independent on sunday newspapers are to cease print editions in march , leaving only an online edition , the owner has said .
on 6 july , a motion in the house of commons calling on the government to guarantee the rights of eu nationals living in the uk was passed by 245 votes to two .
rafael nadal has become the first tennis player to win a record 10 french open titles .
florida wildlife officials are hunting for an 8-foot - long -lrb- 2.4 m -rrb- king cobra snake escaped from an orlando home .
gibraltar is in talks with scotland about a plan to keep parts of the uk in the eu , bbc newsnight has learned .
the mother of a 13-month - old boy who drowned in a bath has told jurors she was ` ` stupid '' to leave him unsupervised for 15 minutes .
the former alliance leader lord alderdice has said theresa may must not view herself as being ` ` prime minister of england and a few add on bits '' .
manager lee clark has praised captain stevie smith for playing through an injury in an attempt to steer kilmarnock clear of relegation .
revenue in macau 's casinos fell by more than a third in november from a year earlier as china 's corruption crackdown continued to drive away some punters .
over the last couple of weeks , the world has woken up to the horrific trade in human beings being conducted in the seas of south east asia .
as the hoopla of the presidential campaign comes to new york , featuring the political all - stars seeking to become the world 's most powerful leader , another race is also under way in the city - a contest of the largely obscure .
more than 900 seal pups have been born on a north norfolk nature reserve in the last three weeks giving experts hopes of another record breaking year .
a christian official has refused to issue marriage licences to same - sex couples in kentucky despite exhausting all of her legal options .
north korea has test fired a mid - range ballistic missile which crashed a few seconds after launch , say south korean military officials .
ireland 's steven donnelly has beaten tuvshinbat byamba of mongolia on points to reach the quarter - finals of the welterweight division at the olympics .
kasabian 's latest music video has been called ` ` damaging '' by a mental health organisation .
as many as 12 young women have tried to leave melbourne to join the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group , according to australian police .
samantha cameron , the wife of the former prime minister , has said their son 's death ` ` overshadowed everything '' .
two missiles were fired at a us warship from rebel - held territory in yemen as it passed through the red sea on sunday , the us navy has said .
a leading marketer of ` ` responsible tourism '' has decided to stop selling tours that include visits to zoos .
a charity is calling for couples in scotland who need help conceiving to have access to three cycles of ivf instead of two .
a 10-year - old child has suffered serious injuries after being hit by a car in the vale of glamorgan .
jose mourinho famously did it with chelsea , nigel pearson crucially did it with leicester city and luiz felipe scolari even did it with brazil .
the government has admitted breaching european union pollution legislation , during a high court battle with environmental campaign group .
indonesian police have asked for australia to help investigate the case of a woman who died after drinking cyanide - laced coffee .
scientists have discovered the oldest - known fossil of a pine tree .
john lewis 's nottingham store is to remain closed longer than expected after 80,000 litres of hot water leaked from a ruptured heating pipe .
a building housing a pop - up restaurant in east london has been partially destroyed by fire , but ` ` fortunately no hipsters were injured '' , london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- has said .
a community hospital in somerset is to be replaced and rebuilt with a # 16 m grant from the government .
donegal are hoping the momentum they have gained through the qualifier series can carry them through to the all ireland quarter - finals .
the teacher who quit her job at a north belfast school after being targeted by online sectarian abuse has spoken publicly for the first time .
the delicate operation to remove a crossbow bolt embedded in a dog 's head took ` ` just one minute '' , the rspca said .
the controversial m74 extension through glasgow has had little impact on road traffic accidents in the city since it opened in 2011 , a new study has found .
an ex - youth worker jailed for child sex offences could have been approved as a foster carer , a case review has found .
the government needs to set out how it will devolve further fiscal powers to scotland following the rise of the snp , a former scottish secretary has said .
hearts have sold bjorn johnsen to dutch top - rlight club ado den haag for an undisclosed transfer fee .
all pictures are copyrighted .
katarina johnson - thompson won her first major medal with silver in the long jump at the world indoor championships .
two - thirds of older and disabled people in england who turn to their local councils for help with care are turned away , figures show .
a mass funeral has taken place in the colombian town of salgar for victims of a devastating mudslide on monday .
the irish football association has said uefa will set up a portal for northern ireland supporters to apply for extra european championship tickets .
glamorgan have made signing another fast bowler their priority for 2017 , says chief executive hugh morris .
police are treating the death of a man in coleraine , county londonderry , as suspicious and have made an arrest .
jordi cruyff has expressed thanks for the tributes to his father , dutch footballing great johan cruyff .
ex - manchester united and netherlands boss louis van gaal says he has retired from coaching after a 26-year career .
the threat to publish the names of suspected homosexuals in tanzania has been defended by the deputy health minister in a fierce row on twitter .
at least three people were wounded , two seriously , when shots were fired in the german city of frankfurt on thursday .
a campaign group has been granted a hearing to examine the case for a judicial review of the decision to build student flats near a beauty spot .
the lion king and thelma & louise are among 25 films that will be preserved by the us library of congress .
a mother locked up valuables to stop two sons selling them to raise money for another son fighting for the so - called islamic state , it is claimed .
a man has appeared in court after firearms , ammunition and cash were seized by police in edinburgh .
thirteen people have been charged after a police operation against modern slavery .
in an era when there is considerable suspicion about the motivation of businesses , the ability of a company to react to a crisis in a way that reveals it to be run by human beings rather than faceless chief executives is of paramount importance .
what type of f1 fan are you ?
craig levein retains ` ` high hopes '' for ian cathro 's hearts tenure but says the club will seek to ` ` repair the damage '' of recent transfer windows .
british pair naomi broady and heather watson lost 6 - 3 6 - 1 to chan yung - jan and chan hao - ching in the doubles final of the hong kong open .
vin diesel sang , channing tatum danced and zac efron showed off his abs , yes - again , at the 2015 mtv movie awards .
sir bruce forsyth is to return to strictly come dancing for a special children in need edition of the show .
author steve silberman has won the # 20,000 samuel johnson prize for non - fiction for his book about autism .
shauna coxsey took silver in the second bouldering world cup event of the year as she continued her title defence .
a man has been arrested at manchester airport on suspicion of ` ` syria - related terrorism '' offences .
an attempt at what is said to be the largest jigsaw puzzle on the market was nearly scuppered when four pieces went missing ` ` somewhere in norfolk '' .
hungary traces its history back to the magyars , an alliance of semi - nomadic tribes from southern russia and the black sea coast that arrived in the region in the ninth century .
a call to deselect a ukip member of the welsh assembly has been rejected by the party 's ruling body .
double olympic champion mo farah has won the lisbon half marathon in a new european record time , becoming the first briton to break 60 minutes .
approximately one in four of us will experience a mental health problem each year in england .
an ex - guantanamo bay detainee has been arrested in uganda for questioning over his possible role in the killing of a top prosecutor , police say .
donald trump has responded to an outcry over his remarks about groping women by launching a blistering attack against hillary clinton and her husband .
police have appealed for motorists to check their dashcams as they continue their search for the mother of a newborn girl found in a bus shelter .
welsh former world champion nathan cleverly believes his world title fight against juergen braehmer can be a turning point in his career .
police seized 16 petrol bombs in west belfast after one was thrown at officers in the area earlier this week .
a new visitors ' centre proposed for sherwood forest will ruin ` ` a priceless '' tract of land and threaten wildlife , opponents say .
british actress keira knightley is to make her broadway debut next year in a stage version of a famous french novel .
greece has ruled out taking legal action against the uk to reclaim the elgin marbles from the british museum .
a 101-year - old man accused of child sex offences was described as a ` ` monster '' by an alleged victim .
south africa head coach russell domingo will have to reapply for his job if he wants to stay in charge of the team after their summer tour of england .
niall morris has returned to leinster on a short - term deal after his release from leicester tigers .
jeremy corbyn asked david cameron questions emailed to him from the public as he tried what he called ` ` a different '' style for his debut pmqs .
police in zimbabwe 's capital , harare , have used tear gas and water cannons to break up a protest by minibus drivers .
