Porto have made £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .   19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds .   James Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Banfield before being sold on to Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price .
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters despite carding 14-under - par for the tournament .   The Englishman had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .   Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in 2014 .
Drew Miller was struck by Ottawa 's Mark Stone 's skate during the first period of Tuesday 's game between the Red Wings and the Senators .   Stone lost his balance while battling for the puck and lifted his skate backwards in an arc , catching Miller just under his visor .   Miller required 50 to 60 stitches to close the gash along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow .
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn .   The 80-year - old was due to stand as an independent and had contested elections before .   He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his nomination papers .   He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .   Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice - president of the FA .   Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 in Champions League quarter - final second leg at the Allianz Arena .   Thomas Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League on Tuesday night .   The 25-year - old became the highest - scoring German since the tournament began in 1992 .   Muller engaged in a raucous celebration with Bayern supporters after the match .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name Gary , data shows .   That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular in Britain .   In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to Office of National Statistics .   Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter , who was jailed for sex attacks on girls , for name 's fall from grace .   Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
