Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam .   The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by the Stoke City midfielder 's flailing arm .   Jose Mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead .   The 62-year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course in the city 's Inchicore suburb .   Her temporary release is understood to have been approved by the parole board and sanctioned by the Justice Minister .
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site .   These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .   Apple 's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what ` normal usage ' is .   Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours on a single charge .   However , official figures suggest its Watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long .
Footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   Witnesses tried to intervene , but could n't break up the group as the assailants kept on hitting the helpless youngsters .   The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , was born with cerebral palsy .   She has created a video in which she dances and hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and fashion industry .   The teenager says she wanted to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Alexandra Harra , 28 , is a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black hair .   She has been dubbed ` The Romanian Kim Kardashian ' after appearing on the cover of Playboy .   The model recently dyed her hair black to make her look more like the reality star .   Her derriere measures 43 inches , while Kardashian 's is just 40 inches .
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down .   But the ` victim ' turned out to be a squirrel that had been hit by a car in the forest .   East of England ambulance service released a list of 1,248 ` inappropriate ' call outs .   One woman said she felt ill after eating too much takeaway , while a man said his feet hurt after wearing shoes that were too small .
The newly - opened Maison Souquet is tucked away behind an unmarked facade , signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning .   The 20-room hotel describes itself as a ` temple to hedonism , ' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear .   All of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .   The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ` stars ' and can be booked out for private use .
Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .   Pietersen scored 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red - ball innings for Surrey since June 2013 .   The controversial batsman has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after Alastair Cook 's team were whitewashed 5 - 0 in Australia .   Flintoff is optimistic about England 's fortunes , despite their winter woes , with or without Pietersen .
