Cesc Fabregas was caught by trailing arm of Stoke City ace Charlie Adam .   Former Barcelona man picked up the injury during Chelsea 's home win .   Midfielder Adam scored wonder goal during the game but it was n't enough .   Fabregas took to Instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises .   CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out despite being jailed for life in April 2000 .   62-year - old was seen on the bus , with a pal and walking around in Dublin .   Sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed .   Ireland 's most infamous female prisoner murdered husband Tom in 1996 .
AppleInsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .   These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .   Apple significantly improved the battery life on its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus .   But it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day .
Brawl at Spring Gardens station in Philadelphia was captured on CCTV .   Fight involved students from nearby Benjamin Franklin High School .   At one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .   After the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .   She loves TV , film and fashion , and says she 's not happy with how people with disabilities are represented .   The teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
Romanian - born Alexandra Harra , 28 , has become an Instagram star .   Model , who 's posed for Playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages .   After dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian .
Woman reported ` someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel .   Another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ` bleeding ' East of England ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .
Inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era , the Jacques Garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .   A mix of Arabian and Napoleon III decor , the Pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear .   Also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
Kevin Pietersen was sacked by England 14 months ago after Ashes defeat .   Batsman scored 170 on his county cricket return for Surrey last week .   Pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the England side this year .   But Andrew Flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career .
