Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant .   She and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought first child home .   Chloe struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast - tracking feature .   The app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night .   It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .   Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future ' .   It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .   Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet .
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole .   Father - of - two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground .   As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the cover .   The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15 ft of the ground on the pedestrian walkway in Shirley , Solihull .   Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway and told them to turn off their gas supply .
Farm worker caught on camera urinating in field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire .   Disgusted member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .   TH Clements & Son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .   But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Domenico Rancadore fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy in 1999 .   He was given a seven - year sentence for his role as a ` man of honour ' in the Cosa Nostra .   In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .   But today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .   He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year amid fanfare .   He has helped refine Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living .   But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK on his reported £ 300,000 salary .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , is on death row in Bali for smuggling £ 1.6 m of cocaine .   She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .   She said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad along with six other prisoners .
Abby Bishop 's life completely changed when she took in her two - day - old niece Zala .   The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .   The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six - month ban .   The 27-year - old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job as IT project manager .   But he was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   Court heard stun gun could cause victim to ` startle and repel ' and cause electrical discharge .   He pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons at Newcastle Crown Court .   Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388 g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .   Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .   Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .   He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .   His parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children '
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out .   He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day on Yorkshire Television .   Martin Fletcher 's book Fifty - Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire , suggests the fire may not have been an accident .   Helm says there is no evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .   The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long - range finish .   The 25-year - old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him on the program .   After Fallon told Governor Christie he ` looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .   Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .   Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary .   They will mix with rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .   The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .   Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor .
