Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , designed new app Bump 2 Breast .   Came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , Lola , now three months .   Says her and husband David felt like ` rabbits in headlights ' at first .   Also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
General Motors unveiled their concept car at an event in Shanghai .   Chevrolet - FNR has ` dragonfly ' swing doors and ` crystal laser headlights ' It is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   And using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes .
Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .   The fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .   Incredibly no - one was hurt in the incident after Nawaz evacuated the area .
The worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .   Field owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and the man was sacked .   Passer - by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting ' Tesco : Vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
Winchester Council in Hampshire claimed annual clean - up hit by new rules .   But the Health and Safety Executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Domenico Rancadore given a seven - year sentence by Italian court in 1999 .   He was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .   In February the Sicilian Mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to Italy .   Today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired in October last year .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   The pup was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school .   To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .   Many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable '
David Axelrod masterminded two Obama presidential election victories .   He was hired by Labour leader Ed Miliband amid great fanfare last year .   Revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in UK .   Labour confirms it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
Lindsay Sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .   Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran killed after a final KFC bucket meal .   The 58-year - old has been on death row in Bali since 2012 .   She was convicted of attempting to smuggle £ 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 .
Abby Bishop took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .   Bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .   Zala will go with her when she starts playing in the U.S. WNBA in May .
Ben Flower returned from his six - month ban on Thursday night .   Wales forward made first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .   27-year - old received a brilliant reception during 's Wigan 's 30 - 20 victory against Warrington .
Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .   Was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .   Pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .   26-year - old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years .
Two types of cereal in an Easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .   Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   ` Easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner Olly Taylor said .
The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy .   It could fine Google more than £ 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .   Brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .   Google boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .
Phil Smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .   But teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .   He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .   Parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school .
John Helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .   He gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .   ` From everything I have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says Helm .
Rory McIlroy faced with Fifty Shades of Grey 's Jamie Dornan .   McIlroy and Dornan took part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 .   McIlroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters .   READ : It wo n't be too long before McIlroy wins a Masters .
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream Fallon brought out for the two to share .   When asked if he would run for president , Christie said ; ` I ' ve got a day job which keeps me busy ' .
Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .   In total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - Mara Salvatrucha .   The gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
