Anuradha Koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .   Pushpa Basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .   Seven other CNN Heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
Dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry in Vegas .   Carrie Reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a * * ' The 43-year - old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .   Kensington Palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
Pair were left homeless after storms and met in Connecticut trailer park .   Won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after Easter to mark new start .   ` Because of Sandy I met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner .
The life of 16-year - old Maren Sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on Saturday by hundreds of people .   ` I do n't think there 's anything sad about this .   It 's such a celebration , ' said Darby Hudd , a 17-year - old friend of the slain teen .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with Sanchez 's murder .
Didier Drogba given the Barclays Spirit of the Game award .   The 37-year - old 's foundation has done impressive work in Africa .   Some of Chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised £ 400,000 .   CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .   Charlie Austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , Bobby Zamora made it three .   Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom before Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off and Joey Barton scored .
Tournament performances have restored Andy Murray to World No 3 .   But it 's wedding to Kim Sears that takes Murray 's No 1 spot this week .   Murray is due to marry fiancée Sears in Dunblane this coming Saturday .   There are believed to be well over 100 names on down - to - earth guest list .
Locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .   They also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of Good Friday .   Group seen returning to scene on Saturday - a day after initial break - in .   Police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on Friday .
Tim Stanley : Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption .   He 's an ex - dictator , but there 's reason for optimism .   He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of Boko Haram .   Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
Bulgaria 's Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Italy , Spain and Turkey .   Researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket ' Cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .   Its most popular resort of Sunny Beach copies those of Spain and Greece .
Air strikes were launched by Saudi forces a month ago against rebels .   Saudi forces have focused on beating back Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen .   Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged Bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .   He made pledge on Wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car driving around last autumn .   Decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .   Sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in Mississauga .   Picture of Nasr 's selfie and the Street View image shared 2.9 million times .
Rory McIlroy bidding to win his first Masters title this week at Augusta .   The Northern Irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in Georgia .   McIlroy looking for third straight major victory after winning The Open and USPGA Championship last year .   One Direction star Niall Horan caddied for McIlroy in Wednesday 's Par-3 Contest .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2 .   Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden .   Despite that , the Welshman thinks Mayweather will beat his opponent .   READ : Ricky Hatton gives his prediction to Jeff Powell ahead of the fight .   READ : Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel in goal behind the Free Agents ' 4 - 4 - 2 .   Glen Johnson , Kolo Toure , Ron Vlaar and Luke Garbutt at the back .   James Milner , Mikel Arteta , Tom Cleverley and Jonas Gutierrez in midfield .   Burnley 's Danny Ings and Manchester United 's James Wilson up front .
Emmanuel Adebayor 's current Tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .   The striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current £ 5.2 million salary before accepting a move out of White Hart Lane .   Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9 - 1 in La Liga at the weekend .   Cristiano Ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .   Real travel to Rayo Vallecano in a Madrid derby on Wednesday night .   Juventus won 3 - 0 at Fiorentina to reach the Coppa Italia final on Tuesday .
