Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .   Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls .   Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence .   Several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story .   Says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw Prince Harry playing strip billiards in Las Vegas in 2012 .   She has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .   Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite .
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island , New York , in 2012 .   She was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety during the storm .   She lost her home but was reunited with her cats and moved to a trailer park in Connecticut .   There she met Dennis Krauss , who had also lost his home in Brooklyn , and they began a relationship .   Ms Diano won the lottery last October after buying a ticket from a gas station .   She decided not to cash it in until April 6 - the day after Easter - as a symbolic sign of a new beginning .
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25 , 2014 .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .   On Saturday hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race , fried food and live music .   The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother .
Didier Drogba has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy for his charity work in Africa .   The Chelsea forward set up the ` DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .   The 37-year - old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast .
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25-yard strike in the 14th minute .   Bobby Zamora doubled QPR 's lead in the 35th minute with a stunning lob of Boaz Myhill 's cross .   Charlie Austin headed QPR into a 2 - 0 lead with a fine header in the second half .   Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench .   Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game to seal the win .   Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored for his side .
World No 3 Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .   The Scot confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list when he marries fiancée Sears in his hometown on Saturday .   Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings .
Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power outages a week before raid .   Also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday , but thought it was road works .   It has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot .   Former bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene after their initial break - in when they realised their robbery had not been discovered .
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election on an anti - corruption platform .   The peaceful transition of power is the first of its kind in history , says Femi Adesina .   He says Nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth ; the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
Former Soviet state has gained most from strong pound , which has cut cost of visiting continent .   Resorts on Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities .   Only in Turkey , where inflation is 7.6 % , will Britons find cost of a day out much more expensive .
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots involved in Yemen air strikes .   He wrote on social media that he was ` pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars ' Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop rebels advancing .   But the raids appeared to have resumed on Wednesday , with fighting taking place in Taez .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn .   He followed it in his own vehicle and got in position just in time to take the snap .   The college student then uploaded the picture to Instagram , where it has been shared 2.9 million times .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week at the Masters .   The Northern Irishman is heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time .   Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .   A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in ` The Fight of the Century ' in Las Vegas on May 2 .   The former undefeated world super - middleweight and light - heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will win .   The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .   Tickets for the bout go on sale on Thursday night after months of speculation .
Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups .   Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent available this summer .   Kolo Toure , Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their Premier League clubs .   Tom Cleverley , Jonas Gutierrez and Mikel Arteta could also leave their clubs .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages in order for him to leave .   The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under manager Mauricio Pochettino .   The 31-year - old has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .   The 30-year - old has now scored 36 goals in La Liga so far this season .   Ronaldo will be up against Rayo Vallecano striker Alberto Bueno on Wednesday night .   Juventus beat Fiorentina 3 - 0 in their Coppa Italia semi - final second leg to win 4 - 2 on aggregate .   Edinson Cavani has been offered to AC Milan , according to Italian papers .
