3:With the confirmation of Danilo's summer switch to Real Madrid, Porto have now received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits. Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans. Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million . Jose Mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 Champions League with the Portuguese club . Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez. In a deal typical of how Porto operate, Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Argentinian side Banfield before being sold on to wealthy Europeans Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price. It is a sustainable model which clearly works. Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez is another player off the Porto production line . James scores against Manchester City playing for Porto at the Etihad Stadium in 2012 . Porto have reached the last eight of this year's Champions League and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004. They have progressed past the Champions League group stages in seven of the past 10 seasons and also won the Europa League in 2011. Brazil international right back Danilo may be on his way but there are sure to be more to come off a production line that includes Pepe, Joao Moutinho and Hulk. Colombian international striker Jackson Martinez is another who could move on in the summer with Arsenal among those keeping tabs. *Based on exchange rates as of April 2, 2015 . **Porto received 55.6 per cent of transfer fee . ***Porto received 80 per cent of transfer fee .^Danilo this week agreed to join Real Madrid in the summer for £23million . Transfer will take total raised from player sales to £440m since 2004 . James Rodriguez, Pepe and Radamel Falcao among those sold by Porto . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
6:Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters. Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour, but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history. 'I'm really excited about the rest of the year now. It's a good momentum starter for me,' said Rose, who was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters. Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters, despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament . Rose believes that his finish of second at Augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead . Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy, who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 . 'I tried to really tell myself that this year for me is going to be about April to September when the big tournaments come around and that's when I want to play well. 'You look at Rory's year last year, it was all about how he played in the summer (winning the Open, Bridgestone Invitational and US PGA in the space of four weeks). I was trying to keep telling myself it's a long year. Very happy it turned around this week in a major championship. 'The thing that was most important for me this week was the fact that I have not been in contention and I haven't had a lot of experience this year or positive vibes on which to draw. 'I was really pleased at how comfortable I felt in that situation, last group in the Masters on Sunday. I think that's when you learn a lot about yourself and that makes me very hungry to get there again very soon.' Rose began the final round four shots behind Spieth and closed to within three on three separate occasions on the front nine, but was never able to get any closer. 'There's two ways to look at it. You can think that 14 under par, I'll take that next year and I'll take that the year after and I'll take it the year after, so I have to take a lot of confidence from that,' he added. Rose had struggled to hit top form going into the Masters but now hopes to sustain his Augusta form . Rose (left) congratulates tournament winner Spieth and praised his performance level for the week . 'But you've got to play it on the day, too. I felt like there were a few moments out there where I could have done better and I'll learn on that and think about that. 'Jordan didn't really open the door and I didn't really expect him to. Really the one time on the back nine where it got interesting for me was the 16th hole. I felt that if I make my birdie putt and Jordan misses for par, it's a two-shot swing and I'm two back with two to play. But my putt just slid by and he made a great eight- footer to there to keep his momentum as he did all day, really.'^Justin Rose finished joint runner-up at the Masters 2015 on 14-under-par . Rose's final total has only been bettered six times at the the Masters . Rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year . CLICK HERE for all the latest news and reaction following the Masters .
9:Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win but it didn't come without cost for Fabregas. The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam, the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal. Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam . Fabregas was caught in the face by Stoke City midfielder Adam's flailing arm during their game . The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment . However, the Spanish international was all smiles on Tuesday as he posted a picture to his Instagram account with the caption: 'Italy with Dr Paco' Earlier in the week Fabregas joked that he could finally get his nose fixed and the 27-year-old's comments suggest he is going to do exactly that. It is not the first time that the Spaniard's hooter has been in the wars. While an Arsenal player in 2008, Fabregas suffered a broken nose playing for Spain. He avoided having an operation on the injury then, but it seems that he may be happy to change that this time round.^Cesc Fabregas was caught by trailing arm of Stoke City ace Charlie Adam . Former Barcelona man picked up the injury during Chelsea's home win . Midfielder Adam scored wonder goal during the game but it wasn't enough . Fabregas took to Instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
13:Following all his inspired charity work, Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa,' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game. The 37-year-old, who scored against Leicester on Wednesday, spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football. Didier Drogba with the Barclays Spirit of the Game award following all the charity work he's done in Africa . The Ivorian scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday, his seventh of the season . He said 'I come from a poor family where I played football in the streets with my friends with no shoes, there was no grass but we still enjoyed it. 'There is nothing better than when you see a kid with a smile on his face and that is why I'm trying to help. I want to do a lot of things in Africa, I want to give people the chance to dream, and it is easier to dream when you are in good health and happy.' Zebeto is one of the children inspired by Drogba and he hopes to follow in his heroes footsteps . Drogba loves to make the children of his home country happy and visits the foundation regularly . In the latest Barclays video they spoke  a young boy growing up in the Ivory Coast called Zebeto, who has been inspired by Drogba and dreams about following his hero. The 'Didier Drogba Foundation,' contribute financial and material support in education and health including school bags for the school children, as well as a medical clinic in his hometown of Abidjan, Ivory Coast, which will be opening its doors later this year. Chelsea's stars such as Eden Hazard, Petr Cech and Branislav Ivanovic were out in force earlier this month as they raises £400,000 for the foundation at a charity ball. The money raised will be used to complete the medical clinic in Abidjan and help finance mobile clinics that will travel outside of the capital to those who are either to sick or poor to make the journey to the medical centre.^Didier Drogba given the Barclays Spirit of the Game award . The 37-year-old's foundation has done impressive work in Africa . Some of Chelsea's stars attended a charity ball which raised £400,000 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
151:Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country, but insists he doesn’t need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger. Ramsey’s QPR, who face Pulis’s West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday, are 19th in the Barclay’s Premier League table – four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th. The R’s have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis’s 2013-14 campaign with Crystal Palace, in which they took 17 points from their final eight games to avoid the drop. Chris Ramsey praised Tony Pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with West Brom in the Premier League . Indeed, Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February, but many of the Loftus Road faithful turned their noses up at his perceived long-ball tactics. ‘I think Tony Pulis would be a good fit anywhere because he is a quality coach,’ Ramsey said when asked about the speculation. ‘He maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere. Not just here, at any club. ‘I think Tony gets a very bad reputation for the way he plays. What he does is he goes into places, assesses what the players need and gets the best out of them. I would say he is one of the top British coaches in the country.’ Ramsey claims Pulis 'is one of the best coaches in Britain,' but says that he won't be asking for his advice . While Ramsey admits he is encouraged by the likes of Pulis, he firmly believes his own tactical acumen is the reason he was entrusted with keeping QPR in the top flight. ‘I take inspiration from Tony because I respect him as a man and as a coach and as a manager,’ Ramsey continued. ‘I’ll take any advice from any coach in any league, because I realise how tough the job is. ‘As far as tactics are concerned, I don’t think I’d be looking at anybody else and asking for any advice. I’ve been put in the job for a reason, the reason being that the people who’ve put me in think I know what I’m doing. ‘Apart from a dodgy 20 minutes at Crystal Palace, I think we’ve been in every game, especially against the top teams. We were extremely disappointed we didn’t get anything against Everton. But ultimately it’s about the money ends of the ground, isn’t it? And we haven’t been good enough at both ends when it really counted.’ The Queens Park Rangers boss knows that his side can't afford to slip up anymore if they want to stay up .^Chris Ramsey praises Tony Pulis as one of the best coaches in Britain . The Queens Park Rangers boss says he won't be asking for his advice . QPR travel to West Brom on Saturday in crucial relegation clash . CLICK HERE for all the latest QPR news .
161:A sign of Raheem Sterling’s tender years can be seen inked into his forearm. The image of Wembley, which overlooked his estate growing up, is clear amid a cluster of tattoos. Rather than those two famous towers, synonymous with the national stadium for 77 years, it is the arc, unveiled in 2007, that is unmistakable. Back then, Sterling was a young kid dreaming of a career in professional football, playing jumpers for goalposts on streets and in parks. Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling has revealed that he will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future . The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night . Sterling impressed as part of England's front three but he has been used at wing back by Liverpool . Sterling pictured in Liverpool training on Thursday at their Melwood headquarters . Sterling and Daniel Sturridge share a joke in Liverpool training on Thursday at their Melwood base . The forward trains with his team-mates as they prepare to take on Arsenal on Saturday . He is still just 20, but much has changed. Sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week from Liverpool, confident enough to express his views to the BBC without the knowledge of his club. ‘I don't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old,’ says the player aware of his value as much as his age and how those two factors are linked. He knows, with two years left on his £35,000-per-week deal, he holds the cards in discussions with one of the biggest clubs in English and European football. It has been quite a remarkable rise for Sterling since his days looking up at Wembley with hope in his heart and a ball under his arm; rapidly progressing along the ground and through the ranks. Sterling arrives at Liverpool's Melwood training ground on Thursday morning . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hands out some instructions during Thursday's training session . The Liverpool manager prepares his team to take on Arsenal on Saturday at the Emirates Stadium . Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . Neil Ashton broke the Sterling contract story on Monday - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL ARTICLE . He was born in Maverley, Kingston, a tough Jamaican community where gun crime is rife and drug gangs rule, before moving across the Atlantic aged five to join his mother Nadine in north London along with three siblings. Living on the St Raphael’s estate meant the sounds of gunshots were never far away. Police labelled the adjoining Stonebridge estate a warzone in 2005. Rival gangs engaged in tit-for-tat shootings. ‘They were all dealing in crack cocaine and it was a fight for territory,’ said Detective Inspector Stephen Horsley in 2009. Sterling had his football and his mother, a source of inspiration and guidance. But he failed to settle in a mainstream primary school because of behavioural problems, finding escape at the Vernon House Special School, which he attended for three years. A decade ago he began to take his sport seriously. The English youngster spent seven years at Queens Park Rangers before moving to Liverpool in 2010 . He joined QPR's Centre of Excellence aged 11, and within three years was starring for the Under 18s . He joined Queens Park Rangers’ Centre of Excellence aged 11, and within three years was starring for the Under 18s. Mark Anderson and Frank McParland, Liverpool’s youth scout and academy director respectively, spotted Sterling star in these games and began their pursuit. At this time Sterling was taken under the wing of Tom Walley, a veteran youth coach who has worked with Ashley Cole and David James. Sterling’s pay has rocketed since he left QPR, where he would have been earning around £400 per week. After his move north, his first pro contract at Liverpool was worth £2,000 per week and his current deal earns him £35,000 per week as previously mentioned. Michael Calvin details in his book, The Nowhere Men, how Sterling would take part in pick-up games organised by Walley on a pitch in the back garden of the home of Tim Sherwood, then Tottenham’s technical co-ordinator. NEIL ASHTON: Just after 6pm most weekdays, Christian Nanetti counts his tips and rushes out the door of the new Soho eaterie Estado. Nanetti is a waiter now, blending into the London crowds as he heads for the Tube station to make his way out to Ashford, Kent, to train with his new club Dover Athletic. Four years ago Nanetti was an internet sensation, beating Raheem Sterling in Soccer AM’s iconic Skill Skool challenge in their battle over three rounds at QPR’s Harlington training centre. CLICK HERE to read on... A young Sterling poses for the camera during Soccer AM's Skill Skool in 2010 . Sterling's former team-mate Chris Nanetti (left) is now a waiter and plays for Dover Athletic . Sterling (right) performs some tricks as his academy pals and Nanetti (left) look on . Calvin writes that Spurs turned down the chance to sign Sterling for £200,000 because academy coaches were in disagreement over his long-term potential. Fulham were assured of his talent and had Sterling in their building before Liverpool swooped to take him to Merseyside aged 15 for £500,000. Shortly before travelling north, Sterling took part in Soccer Am’s Skill School challenge, facing another promising youngster Christain Nanetti. He is most recently of Dover Athletic, a tale of just how tough it is to make the kind of ascent Sterling has managed. He is close to completing his third full season as a Liverpool first-teamer having become the club’s second-youngest debutant aged 17 years and 107 days. Sterling has made 120 appearances for Liverpool since his debut in a 2-1 defeat by Wigan in 2012 . Sterling signs his £35,000-per-week contract with Ian Ayre (left) and Brendan Rodgers in 2012 . Rodgers points in the direction of Sterling during following a pre-season training session in 2012 . Both youthful and experienced, Sterling won the first of 14 England caps in November 2012. That call-up came three months after Brendan Rodgers admonished his player for uttering the word ‘steady’ during a pre-season training debrief. ‘You say steady to me again when I say something to you, you’ll be on the first plane back,’ said a pointing Rodgers in remarkably candid footage captured for Fox documentary Being: Liverpool. Sterling found himself in trouble with the law in August 2013, arrested on suspicion of assaulting girlfriend Shana Halliday. The Reds boss was angered by a comment from Sterling which the young forward denied . Rodgers warned the young players they must improve their attitudes during the exchange with Sterling . Sterling in action for the England Under 21s during an international friendly against Scotland in August, 2013 . Sterling maintained his innocence and the following month the case collapsed at Liverpool Magistrates' Court. A previous charge of common assault was dropped in May when a witness failed to show. Another of Sterling’s tattoos is the face and name of his daughter, Melody Rose, born in 2012 following a brief relationship. There were rumours Sterling had fathered more children by different mothers. This time last year he referred to those suggestions as ‘silly’, confirming he only has one child. The youngster embraces Rodgers after scoring for Liverpool in a 3-2 victory against Norwich in 2014 . The 20-year-old flew to Jamaica in January after being giving a mid-season break by Liverpool . This latest interview with the BBC was another attempt to set records straight. It did that, but perhaps not in the manner intended. No lines were drawn under his current contract talks, those stories will rumble on. Rather, his words illustrated a player fully comprehending his situation at Liverpool and in the market place. It has been a quick climb. Rodgers must convince Sterling to sign a deal that could be one of the biggest in club's history . Sterling scored a brilliant solo goal during Liverpool's 1-1 Capital One Cup semi-final draw with Chelsea . The Liverpool forward has now played 14 times for Roy Hodgson's England side .^Raheem Sterling turned down a £100,000-per-week offer from Liverpool . Sterling has two years left to run on his existing £35,000-a-week contract . The 20-year-old began his career at Queens Park Rangers in 2003 . He signed for Liverpool in 2010 after seven years with QPR . Sterling was born in Kingston, Jamaica before moving to England . Liverpool attacker wants to be known as 'a kid that loves to play football'
166:Mister Money is now putting his money where his mouth is. Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $100 bills. Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000. Floyd Mayweather (left) vs Manny Pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on May 2 . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight . Manny Pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on Monday as part of his preparation for the big fight . Floyd Mayweather works in his gym as the fight with Pacquiao draws closer . As the value of the richest fight of all time keeps rising ever closer to the half-billion mark, so does the value of Manny Pacquiao’s target. If the PacMan does land the knockout blow, then given the expensive protection at least the Money Man should wake up smiling. Mayweather has just spent $300,000 on yet another vehicle, according to his favourite website TMZ. This is a Mercedes ‘Land Yacht’ people carrier to which he has added such extras as a 55-inch television and a champagne bar, to turn it into what he calls his ‘Party Bus.’ And so it turns out that all the time Andre Ward was talking about coming to England for a rematch with Carl Froch he was setting up yet another easy night out in his own backyard. Only a couple of days after the self-called Son of God declared he would be prepared to cross the Atlantic to face the Cobra, Ward revealed that his overdue ring comeback will be taking place in his California hometown on June 20. The opponent? Most likely a certain Marco Antonio Periban, who turned up in questionable condition to face James DeGale and was promptly knocked out in that final eliminator for Andre Dirrell’s IBF super-middleweight title. Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 . So much for wanting to do it a second time with Froch to unify the WBA’s two world championship belts. That fight had been ordered by the WBA and Froch’s promoter Eddie Hearn did his best to come to terms before the March 31 deadline . Now Ward’s announcement has made it yet more likely that Froch might retire. Ward had claimed a readiness to overcome his phobia – either fear of flying or of fighting abroad. He wouldn’t go as far as Froch’s home city of Nottingham but he did express a willingness to travel to London for a showdown at either Wembley or the 02. His argument was that his US victory over Froch in the final of the Super Six super-middleweight tournament took place in Atlantic City, not Oakland. So London would be fairer than Nottingham. Still, Froch doubted he was serious and was apparently right to do so. It is back to home sweet home for Ward, at the Oracle Arena across the bay from San Francisco. If not exactly the offspring of the Almighty, Ward is a favourite son of American boxing. So the WBA appear compliant, with no sign yet of him being stripped of his belt. Foch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . Ward remains atop the ratings as their ‘super’ champion, with Froch still the ‘regular’ world titlist. Maybe the WBA are giving him license to shake off the ring rust after being out of the ring since his points win over another undistinguished foe, Edwin Rodriguez, way back in November 2013. Yet Ward’s inactivity has long since become more a result of self-inflicted promotional disputes than his original injury. Now he is the first major signing by the new kids on that block, the music industry-backed Roc Nation, who are trying to confirm not only the opponent for June 20 but a TV deal. That the television rights have not been snapped up instantly by either of the major networks HBO or Showtime speaks to Ward’s sluggish box office appeal despite the high professional regard for his skills. The closest he has come to properly fighting abroad has been a couple of low-key outings to the Caribbean. That he so much as contemplated travelling several thousand miles to face Froch indicates a realisation that he could make a lot more money in England. Still, that temptation is not enough. Not yet, anyway. He carries on talking about the Cobra later. But as it stands one of Froch’s dreams for his farewell appearance – boxing at the City Ground home of Nottingham Forest – has been dashed. The other ambition – a fight in Las Vegas – hangs on Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr coming through an interim bout and agreeing to meet him there in September. But Froch says: ‘Unless I get a fight that excites me soon I may well hang up the gloves.’ Ward, meanwhile, talks about meeting the challenge of middleweight KO sensation Gennady Golovkin ‘soon'. Floyd Mayweather says: ‘For me, Andre beats him every day of the week.' The questions, Andre, are which day? And where? The IBF still insist that Amir Khan, who has yet to confirm Chris Algieri or anyone else as his May 30 opponent, turned down a fight with Tim Bradley as a final eliminator for Kell Brook’s world welterweight title. One question for the IBF: . Why would Khan bother with an eliminator when Brook is gagging to meet him in a Battle of Britain? Amir Khan's proposed fight with Chris Algieri is yet to be confirmed .^Floyd Mayweather will have $25,000 mouthguard for Manny Pacquiao bout . The mouthguard to contain diamonds, gold and $100 dollar bills . He also spent $300,000 on Mercedes 'Land Yacht' people carrier . Carl Foch unlikely to meet Andre Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
55:Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious, says Joe Calzaghe. It is being billed as The Fight of the Century, and is worth at least $180million and $120m to Mayweather and Pacquiao respectively, but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome. 'There will be a lot more pressure on Mayweather than there will be on Pacquiao,' he told BBC Sport. 'Pacquiao has been beaten so he'll be more relaxed than Mayweather. The "zero" is a massive burden. Floyd Mayweather works out with his uncle Roger at the Mayweather Boxing Club ahead of the fight . Mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on May 2 . Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in a bout in Las Vegas that has been billed 'The Fight of the Century' 'I don't think Mayweather was that impressive in his last two defences against Marcos Maidana. He made hard work of those fights. But you can't overlook a guy that's never lost. Mayweather is a fantastic fighter who always finds a way to win so he will be ready for this fight.' Mayweather has an impressive record, winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights, 26 by knockout. His opponent Pacquiao goes into the bout having lost five times in his career, with 57 wins and two draws overall, but Welshman Calzaghe warns Mayweather cannot underestimate his challenger. The Welshman, who is now 43,  retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats. 'Pacquiao can fight and there's always one great fight left in somebody,' Calzaghe added. 'But I think the win will go to Mayweather.' Tickets for the much-anticipated fight finally go on sale on Thursday night after months of speculation, and are expected to fetch between $1,500 (£1,000) and $7,500 (£5,000) apiece. Calzaghe takes part in a training session alongside his coach and friend Freddie Roach in Los Angeles . Pacquaio is watched by a crowd as he trains in Los Angeles, but Joe Calzaghe has backed his opponent . Calzaghe, who himself retired undefeated, believes Mayweather will overcome the challenge of Pacquiao .^Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2 . Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather's unbeaten record is a burden . Despite that, the Welshman thinks Mayweather will beat his opponent . READ: Ricky Hatton gives his prediction to Jeff Powell ahead of the fight . READ: Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
92:Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer. McIlroy was filmed battling with fellow Northern Irishman Dornan during a match of Circular Soccer, a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown, with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish. Rory McIlroy (left) battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan at a game of Circular Soccer . The duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 which McIlroy won 2-1 . McIlroy was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta where he overcame a slow to start to finish an impressive fourth. The 25-year-old did his best to repair the damage of a below-par opening 27 holes but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader Jordan Spieth as the American won his first major. McIlroy is an avid Manchester United fan and the four-time major champion revealed last year he dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child. The 25-year-old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child . McIlroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters in Augusta . Circular Soccer is a new concept that has been devised by Dornan's father, medical professor Jim Dornan, alongside four other experts. FIFA have integrated it into their Global Grassroots Youth Programmes for 2015-2018 while Manchester United have also tested it at their elite academy. And with McIlroy trying his luck, it may only be a matter of time before Circular Soccer is played at a park near you.^Rory McIlroy faced with Fifty Shades of Grey's Jamie Dornan . McIlroy and Dornan took part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 . McIlroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters . READ: It won't be too long before McIlroy wins a Masters .
199:UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2. England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier in Belfast . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . Leah Williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against Norway . Williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate Rosella Ayane (circled) has entered the box . Williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper's bottom-right corner . German referee Marija Kurtes officiating a women's Bundesliga match in Munich last month . Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson, who is set to take the last minute spot-kick against Norway, earned some practice as she scored past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot from 12-yards. Norway are second in the group following an impressive 8-1 win against Northern Ireland, but crucially have a slightly inferior goal difference meaning the spot-kick will give England a place in the European Championship finals in Israel. The astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal after the referee had wrongly denied England the opportunity to retake the penalty during Saturday's match following encroachment. England midfielder Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early and German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal. However, instead of ordering it to be retaken, 28-year-old Kurtes - who was named Referee of the Year by the German Football Association (DFB) in 2014 - wrongly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway. According to the laws of the game, a penalty should be retaken if it entered the goal after encroachment by team-mates of the player taking the kick. England players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against Norway . But referee Kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . Williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . But Williamson then realises the referee's decision and two Norwegian players are seen celebrating . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . April 4 - England 1-2 Norway (Match to be replayed from 96th min on April 9 at 9:45pm) April 4 - Switzerland 1-0 Northern Ireland . April 6 - Norway 2-0 Switzerland . April 6 - England 9-1 Northern Ireland . April 9 - Switzerland 1-3 England . April 9 - Northern Ireland 1-8 Norway . A scene of apparent confusion followed England's wild celebrations as Kurtes explained her decision. Williamson had grabbed back the ball to retake the penalty and placed it on the penalty spot before realising an indirect free-kick had been awarded. Two Norwegian players then embraced as they celebrated the decision. A UEFA statement read: 'The UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body has ordered the match to be replayed. 'The replay of the match should be carried out as follows: . 'The match will be replayed from the minute the penalty kick was awarded to the Football Association at the European Women's Under-19 Championship 2015 match between England vs Norway played on April 4, 2015, and extended according to the discretion of the referee. 'The penalty kick shall be retaken by the Football Association. 'According to the Laws of the Game (Law 14), a team-mate of the player taking the kick infringes the Laws of the Game: . - the referee allows the kick to be taken . - if the ball enters the goal, the kick is retaken . - if the ball does not enter the goal, the referee stops play and the match is restarted with an indirect free kick to the defending team from the place where the infringement occurred . 'As the ball entered the goal, the kick should have been re-taken. Thus the CDEB ordered that the remaining time of the match should be replayed in accordance with article 6 (e) and 7 (2) of the disciplinary regulations. Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday . Jenna Dear (right) scores with a header as England inched closer to European Championship qualification . 'The match is scheduled to take place at the Seaview Stadium in Belfast on Thursday at 9:45pm local time with another referee. 'Teams must field the same players which were on the pitch at that moment. Any of these players can take the penalty kick.' An FA spokesperson said: 'After England Women U19s' match against Norway on Saturday, April 4, the FA lodged an appeal to UEFA following a disallowed penalty. 'Due to an incorrect application of the game's laws by the match referee, UEFA have ordered the match to be replayed from the point of the penalty. 'The remainder of the match will be played on Thursday at 9.45pm at the same stadium – Seaview, Belfast.' Williamson is congratulated by her England team-mates after scoring past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot . Former Everton and England captain Mo Marley is head coach of the national women's U19 team . Although it will only last 18 seconds, officials, stewards and paramedics will all be required to attend. Admission is free. England, coached by former national captain Mo Marley, were 2-0 down to Norway on Saturday before substitute Ayane pulled one back in the 87th minute to give her side hope of claiming a point. However, Wiliiamson's penalty was disallowed and the match ended in defeat. England brushed off the disappointment on Monday, though, with a 9-1 win against Northern Ireland. Both England and Norway must start the match with the same 11 players who finished Saturday's match. However, a different player can take the penalty. The decision further complicates the already complex qualification process for July's finals after UEFA had announced that Norway had sealed their place. After an initial qualifying round last year, the Elite Round is comprised of six groups of four teams playing at locations across Europe. The six group winners and best-placed runner-up - decided by the best record against the first and third-placed teams in the groups - go through to join hosts Israel at the showpiece event in July. England women's senior head coach Mark Sampson tweeted: 'Difficult circumstances for our @england U19. I have been proud that in challenging circumstances you have conducted yourselves superbly & represented your country with great pride. 'Regardless of final outcome you should be very proud. We are very proud of you.' September 2005 - World Cup qualifier - Uzbekistan vs Bahrain . Uzbekistan had won the opening leg of the Asian zone fourth-round play-off 1-0 at home but were left incensed after a penalty was disallowed in the 38th minute for an attacking player encroaching. Rather than retaking the penalty, an indirect free-kick was wrongly awarded by Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida to Bahrain and the game ended with a one-goal margin. Uzbekistan called for an investigation but were left furious after FIFA ordered the match to be replayed in its entirety with the result declared invalid. It proved to have a major impact as it was Bahrain who eventually went through with a 1-1 away goals victory, though they were later beaten in the AFC-CONCACAF play-off. Bahrain staff and players celebrate after beating Uzbekistan in an Asian World Cup qualifier in 2005 .^UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed . England will resume the match against Norway from the penalty spot . The Elite Round qualifier resumes in Belfast on Thursday at 9:45pm . Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway for encroachment after disallowing England's penalty on Saturday . England were 2-1 down to Norway at the time in the 96th minute . German Kurtes, 28, has been sent home following her error . Three Lions earn 3-1 victory against Switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for European Championship qualification . Norway beat Northern Ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in Group 4 . It is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by UEFA . Watch VIDEO below of the controversial penalty incident . READ: Graham Poll's expert verdict on UEFA's bizarre decision .
200:Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid after the entrance the squad made to the Santiago Bernabeu. French defender Raphael Varane uploaded an astonishing video to Twitter of the fire-hot arrival Madrid's players were given from their supporters, who mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation. 'Live from the bus before the match! A huge thank you for your support,' Varane wrote with the video. VIDEO - Scroll down to see Real Madrid's welcoming from their fans . Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane captured the team's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday . Fans greeted the team coach as Real arrived for their Champions League second leg with Atletico Madrid . Supporters lit flares and banged on the windows to encourage their team against Atletico . Real defender Varane filmed the footage of the supporters as the team arrived to play Atletico . Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Madrid in the 88th minute against Atletico to win the tie . The atmosphere inside the Santiago Bernabeu meant the iconic stadium resembled a furnace upon kick-off, but Atletico provided stubborn resistance to Real. It wasn't until Hernandez struck in the 88th minute, converting a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portuguese star drove through Atletico's defence, that Madrid sealed a 1-0 aggregate triumph. Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Spanish rivals Barcelona, Serie A's runaway leaders Juventus or Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich in the semi-finals. The draw takes place on Friday.^Real Madrid eliminated Atletico Madrid from the Champions League . Javier Hernandez secured victory with 88th minute strike for Real Madrid . Raphael Varane filmed fans as Madrid arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu . READ: Barcelona vs Real Madrid is the dream Champions League final . Who will win the Champions League? Our reporters have their say...
